Data Scientist

Competitive salary

Round Rock, TX

Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Scientist on our Global Process Engineering and Data Science team in Round Rock, TX.

Data Science is all about breaking new ground to enable businesses to answer their most urgent questions. Pioneering massively parallel data-intensive analytic processing, our mission is to develop a whole new approach to generating meaning and value from petabyte-scale data sets and shape brand new methodologies, tools, statistical methods and models. What’s more, we are in collaboration with leading academics, industry experts and highly skilled engineers to equip our customers to generate sophisticated new insights from the biggest of big data.

Key Responsibilities

Interact with business stakeholders, product managers, software engineers, data engineers, and data analysts to create data science products

Write SQL queries, python scripts to clean, wrangle data from multiple sources making them model ready

Use techniques which includes (but not limited to) Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Data Pipelining to build scalable models

Build Data Pipelines & platform to operationalize the models at scale using Domino Data-lab & Apache Airflow

Create Data Dictionary for the reusable data-sets and document as Knowledge Articles

Become a subject matter expert of the data to create and refine features for modeling

Evaluate data science models in terms of outcomes and computational performance

Able to troubleshoot software issues with 3rd party support

Essential Requirements

5+ years of related experience with a Bachelor’s degree; or 3+ years with a Master’s degree; or a PhD without experience; or equivalent experience

Strong database knowledge and expertise in SQL

Solid programming skills to retrieve, analyze and process data, and build machine learning models from the ground up (Python/R)

Data Science Platforms like Domino Data Lab, Apache Airflow, AWS and Google Cloud (working environment to build and deploy models)

Machine Learning techniques like Ranking, Classification, Clustering, Regression and Topic Modeling

Deep knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, data mining, statistics, NLP or related field

Familiarity with Agile practices

Benefits

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you share our passion for data and you’re keen to play a key role in driving progress, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.
