Ascensus, a fast growing company, has an excellent opportunity for an experienced data scientist to foster innovation and inform executives to achieve our corporate strategies. You will be joining an already successful analytics team as an integral part in the continued development of our practice, tool selection, creativity and effectiveness all contributing to the growth and strength of Ascensus and service to our clients. We operate successfully across multiple locations and as such are open to any working location for the right candidate.

Description

Section 1: Position Summary

The Senior Data Scientist will be integral in driving the impact of analytics throughout our organization identifying advanced analytic opportunities and effectively applying data mining and math principles capitalizing on available and new technologies to deliver predictive models, analytic insights, simulations and optimizations that drive measurable value.

Section 2: Job Functions, Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Perform complex data analysis; identify data source opportunities to enhance results

Develop and maintain models effectively engaging business and data experts to optimize model performance and solve problems

Identify and use tools & technologies that successfully solve specific problems

Work with IT & Marketing teams to establish and measure experiments; both through automated tools and manually conducted tests

Build automation to create efficiencies, cleanse data and add quality controls to data science tasks

Drive benefit thru effective communication of advanced analytics results; provide recommendations, influence action and measure results

Prepare and deliver presentations that inform to the specific needs of the audience

Manage work output; deliver on priorities; set and manage to delivery commitments

Mentor and develop analytics team

Responsible for protecting, securing, and proper handling of all confidential data held by Ascensus to ensure against unauthorized access, improper transmission, and/or unapproved disclosure of information that could result in harm to Ascensus or our clients.

Our I-Client service philosophy and our Core Values of People Matter, Quality First and Integrity Always® should be visible in your actions on a day to day basis showing your support of our organizational culture.

Section 3: Experience, Skills, Knowledge Requirements

Graduate degree in an analytical field (e.g. Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics)

6 years of experience in a data driven role

2 years as an analytics team lead

Proven ability to inform effectively in a manner that drives innovation and solves problems

Extensive experience with analytics tools such as Microsoft Azure, Python, R or equivalent

Advance SQL capabilities

Strong understanding of analytical techniques (SVM, RNN, GLM (logistic and others), RF, A/B Testing, XGBoost, etc.)

Able to effectively prioritize workload

Additional skills preferred

Experience in a financial field

Experience with Natural Language Processing

Involvement in the development or support of your companies Experimentation Program

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

Ascensus is a place to have a career, not just a job. As the largest US independent retirement and college savings services provider, we put our focus on people. Our culture is guided by sound principles, is committed to high standards, operates with transparency, and welcomes diversity. When you join our team, you get to go to work every day knowing that you help over 6 million Americans save for retirement and college.

Ascensus is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, religion, age, citizenship, sex, marital or veteran status, disability or handicap, sexual orientation or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Ascensus also takes affirmative action to employ, and advance in employment, qualified women, minorities, and covered veterans. Ascensus also makes reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities, in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and applicable state laws
