Job Description   
Our client is looking for a Data Scientist with experience with financial modeling and forecasting to provide the business with deeper insight on product performance, profitability and growth areas.   
     This is a contract to hire position and applicants must be willing and able to convert to FTE following contract duration.      
     Requirements of the Data Scientist:           
At least 4 years of experience in Data Science     
Strong R, Python, and SQL skills     
Excellent ability to cleanse and improve data quality     
Experience within the Insurance and/or Financial industry     
Experience building financial models for business forecasting     
Experience with time-series forecasting     
Understanding of financial statements     
Experience building models for predictive analytics     
Understanding of insurance products, P&C, and re-insurance preferred     
Experience with Big Data technologies, Spark, Hadoop a big plus     
Ability to deliver presentations to the executive level     
Clear and effective communication skills, verbal and written      
Keywords: Data Scientist, R, Python, SQL, Data Quality, Insurance, Financial Services, Predictive Analytics, Big Data, Spark, Hadoop   
Job ID: 320290   
     About Eliassen Group:      
Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit   http://www.eliassen.com  .   
Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.   
Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a    $1,000 referral check !     

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Hartford, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         J3R899633SMJ1PYH0XV
