NBCUniversal, the global media company that brought you some of the world’s most iconic television and film franchises, including: The Tonight Show, Saturday Night Live, Keeping Up With The Kardashians, The Real Housewives, Mr. Robot, The Voice, This Is Us, The Fast & The Furious, Jurassic Park, Minions, and more - is launching an all-new video streaming service. It will seamlessly bring together the breadth and depth of NBCU’s broadcast and cable television series, movie titles, premier sporting events, and renowned news reporting... all in one destination… all in one app.

Are you ready to go beyond classic predictive analytics to the new areas like deep learning and reinforcement learning? Do you want to be a part of the team that builds and advanced recommender engine, active leaning platform, personalized solutions for marketing and advertisement? Join the world-class international team of smart, hungry and fearless professionals who are working at the cutting edge of technology and science at the epicenter of content, technology and culture.

Position Overview:

As part of the Direct-to-Consumer Decision Sciences team, the Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for creating analytical solutions for one or more verticals of NBCU’s video streaming service including, but not limited to, the recommender system, automated marketing, personalized advertisement, commerce and revenue optimization systems, customer journey and CRM solutions.

In this role, the Senior Data Scientist will use advanced data science methodologies including collaborative filtering, deep learning, reinforcement learning, on-line modeling etc. and work closely with business owners, teammates and engineers to build a state-of-the-art real-time video streaming service.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Build analytical models using statistical, machine learning and data mining methodologies.

Apply cleansing, discretization, imputation, selection, generalization etc. to create high quality features for the modeling process.

Take an active role in assisting team management and business stakeholders in preparing modeling and system requirements.

Use big data, relational and non-relational data sources to access data at the appropriate level of granularity for the needs of specific analytical projects. Maintains up to date knowledge of the relevant data set structures, access levels and ownership information.

Collaborate with engineering teams to build real-time and automated batch implementations of the data science solutions.

Continually work on improving the codebase and machine learning lifecycle infrastructure. Have active participation in all aspects of the team work.

Qualifications/Requirements

Bachelor’s or advanced degree with specialization in Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Economics, Mathematics, Operations Research or another quantitative field or equivalent.

3+ years of combined experience in advanced analytics in industry or research.

Hands on experience in statistical methods and machine learning with special emphasis on the advanced algorithms like neural networks, SVM, random forests, bagging, gradient boosting machines, k-means++, deep learning or reinforcement learning. Expert level in 3+ classes of algorithms.

Experience implementing scalable, distributed, and highly available systems using Google Cloud or similar cloud platform.

Experience with data visualization tools and techniques

Working knowledge of statistical and programming languages such as R, Python, Julia, Java, Scala or similar.

Experience in data processing including SQL and PySpark.

Desired Characteristics

Working experience with commercial recommender systems or a lead role in an advanced research recommender system project.

Experience with reinforcement learning based systems.

Working experience with deep learning, particularly in the areas different form computer vision.

Understanding of algorithmic complexity of model training and testing, particularly for real-time and near real-time models.

Experience with multi-billion record datasets.

Knowledge of enterprise-level digital analytics platforms (e.g. Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, etc.)

Experience with television ratings and digital measurement tools (Nielsen, Rentrak, ComScore etc.)

Experience building streaming data pipelines using Kafka, Spark or Flink

Experience with large-scale video assets

Team oriented and collaborative approach with a demonstrated aptitude and willingness to learn new methods and tools

Pride and ownership in your work and confident representation of your team to other parts of NBCUniversal

Sub-Business

Direct-to-Consumer

Career Level

Experienced

City

New York

State/Province

New York

Country

United States

About Us

At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us.
