Description:

The Clinical analytics group uses an industry leading, scalable data platform and tools to glean insights from Aetna’s large array of data sources, including medical claims, prescriptions, demographics, call data, and surveys. From these insights and understanding of the business needs, you would participate in the expansion of reporting and evaluation of innovative clinical initiatives and programs executed via a new clinical advocate model. You would help to develop appropriate reporting metrics and visualizations to manage and evaluate the program. The work environment is fast-paced, collaborative, and iterative, requiring quick learning, adaptability, and creativity. You would be part of a new and expanding team, with plenty of opportunities to interact with project stakeholders at all levels of the organization.63289

Fundamental Components:

Develops, validates and executes algorithms and predictive models to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions

Explores, examines and interprets large volumes of data in various forms

Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses

Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect and standardize data that helps generate insights and addresses reporting needs

Uses data visualization techniques to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions

Creates and evaluates the data needs of assigned projects and assures the integrity of the data

Explores existing data and recommends additional sources of data for improvements

Documents projects including business objectives, data gathering and processing, detailed set of results and analytical metrics.

Background Experience:

3 years of relevant programming or analytic experience.

Ability to work with large data sets from multiple data sources.

Demonstrates proficiency in several of the following areas: analysis methods, statistical analyses, stratification, data visualization, data modeling, study design, randomization

Proficient in SQL, Python, R, or HQL.

Proficient in Tableau or similar BI design tool.

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
