Summary

The Data Scientist will be part of the data science R&D team responsible for developing and managing a variety of data solutions and machine learning projects across all Appriss verticals.

Duties and Responsibilities

Designing and implementing solutions related to machine learning and data mining on large data sets using statistical models, graph models, text mining and other modern.

Conduct analysis, modeling, and analytics research for clients in retail, healthcare, public safety.

Work with AWS, Azure and on-premise environments.

Manipulate data from various data sources such as Netezza, Greenplum, SQL Server, raw files, and real time streaming data (SQS, Kinesis, Kafka).

Experience building and deploying machine learning models and APIs.

Testing, QA, and implementation of models and other predictive tools.

Help support production applications and provide Tier 3 support.

Collaborate with clients and internal teams to determine analysis specifications, product needs, and modeling initiatives and provide regular feedback.

Prepare presentations and present results to internal and external clients, and potentially conferences.

Minimum Requirements

Advanced degree in computer science or mathematics related fields

3+ years of experience with Python

3+ years of experience with SQL

2+ years as a Data Scientist/Analyst or Data Engineer

Experience with linux, web APIs, and distributed systems

Experience with AWS and/or Azure.

Experience working with large amounts of structured or unstructured data.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Experience with libraries like Pandas, Tensorflow, Scikit-Learn, NetworkX

ML skills in modern cloud environments such as AWS or Azure.

Experience with Tableau or PowerBI or QuickSight

Retail, Healthcare, or Criminal justice experience a plus.

Knowledge, Skills, Abilities, Experience, or Characteristics

Demonstrated ability to apply statistical knowledge to analyze data to identify trends, outliers, develop/evaluate predictive models, create reports, automate processes

Strong time management skills and project management skills

Good verbal and written communication skills.

Proficiency in PowerPoint & Excel.

Ability and willingness to work with a team

Physical and Mental Requirements

Job is physically comfortable; individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc.

Job requires a very high level of judgment, exceptional analytical ability and creativity in investigating major problems that require original and highly innovative solutions. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.

Other

Some travel may be involved for both training and customer facing issues.

Disclaimer

The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

Equal Opportunity Employer - M/F/V/H

Qualifications

Skills

Required

SQL 

Advanced

Python 

Advanced

Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information.
