GreenZone is seeking a Data Scientist who possesses intellectual curiosity and passion for solving problems with an eye for optimization and efficiency.

Responsibilities

Meet with vital agency leaders and backers, collaborating with other consultants and advising agency personnel regarding the development of innovative data analysis techniques.

Develop and apply quantitative analytic methods to identify, collect, store, process and analyze large data sets for specified purposes.

Develop analytical solutions that are scalable, repeatable, effective, and meet the expectations of the decision-makers and stakeholders.

Build data ingestion and pipeline processes using open source tools and best practices.

Conduct analysis and make recommendations that significantly affect the content, interpretation, or development of major programs and policies.

Develop polished, high-impact reports and presentations that enable strategic decision-making supporting the project’s mission.

Requirements

Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, quantitatively-focused social sciences, or other quantitative fields.

1 to 4 years of experience working with large and varying data sets, applying qualitative and quantitative analysis to interpret the data.

Strong analytical skills with the ability to analyze data sets to determine trends, establish strategies, and make decisions.

Understanding of and experience with building canned and ad-hoc reports based on user requirements.

Proficient in MS Office with advanced skills in Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Projects, and Visio.

Strong writing skills and experience conveying highly technical material to non-technical audiences.

Outstanding interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to effectively communicate with diverse audiences and influence cross functionally.

Must be a U.S. Citizen with the ability to obtain and maintain a government suitability clearance.

Preferred Skills and Experience:

Knowledge and experience utilizing open source tools such as Python, R, SQL, AWS, Hadoop, Elasticsearch, Kibana, JAVA, Tableau.

Knowledge, subject matter expertise, and experience working with financial and law enforcement datasets.

1+ years’ experience working in federal consulting, preferably for a DHS component.

Benefits

At GreenZone, we are dedicated to obtaining and maintaining the highest level of employee satisfaction by offering a competitive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision, short and long term disability, retirement plan and company match, a generous annual leave plan, and a commitment to providing a work/life balance for all employees.
