Ref ID: 04951-9502119761Classification: Data ScientistCompensation: $85000.00 to $95000.00 yearlyFor Consideration Please Email Your Resume to: Alexandra.Egge@rht.com Robert Half Technologies Client is seeking a SQL Data Scientist to join their exciting team! This position is a full time opportunity and is located in Dallas, TX. The employee will serve as an internal consultant, collaborating across teams and departments and using modern analytics technology to enhance the company’s ability to assess contractor risk. Deliverables will include strong data visualizations, insightful statistical analyses, advanced analytical models, and presentation of impactful data narratives to internal and external customers. The employee will also use analytical and technology skills to optimize internal data operations through business process automation and enhanced operational reporting. Specific duties and responsibilities include: • Use data technology skills to gather and understand large data sets • Collaborate with subject matter experts to gain greater context to data and related processes • Provide reliable access to high quality data through dashboards and reports • Present summarized procedures, results, and business recommendations • Participate in researching new predictive analytics methods and visualization approaches that facilitate decision making and risk scorecarding • Support and participate in the organization’s Continual Improvement Program to conform to ISO 9001 requirements by complying with the Quality Policy and procedures and meeting QMS objectives • All employees have a detail oriented duty to provide any information related to security issues, incidents or situations that present a potential security risk to the ISO Team, ISN Management or their Supervisor • Up to 20% travel for customer meetings • Other tasks and projects as directed by the management team Job Requirements • Graduate degree (Master’s or above) in Data Science, Analytics, Operations Research, MIS, Applied Statistics or related quantitative field • Relevant work experience considered • Proficient in database and data manipulation tools – SQL (and add-on services), Alteryx • Proficient in computational programming, modeling and machine learning tools – Python, SAS, R, Weka • Proficient in data visualization tools – Tableau, Power BI, Qlik • Demonstrates initiative, entrepreneurialism, and creativity • Demonstrates exceptional attention to detail • Demonstrates rigorous research skills • Demonstrates ownership and responsibility of projects • Skilled and persuasive collaborator who can effectively manage relationships • Ability to communicate meaning of principles and processes to technical and non-technical audiences • Ability to make decisions in ambiguous environment • Ability to interpret data and iterate approaches to identify best solutions • Demonstrates commitment to continuous learning and problem solving skills development • success driven and assume increasing levels of leadership responsibility • Sitting, bending, standing, walking, typing and/or speaking 8 hours per day • Able to regularly lift and move up to 15 lbs. • Reasonable accommodations are made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential job functions • Must be able to thrive in a fast-paced environment • Willing to travel frequently for business • Attention to detail • References must be provided upon requestTechnology doesn't change the world. People do. As a technology staffing firm, we can't think of a more fitting mantra. We're extreme believers in technology and the incredible things it can do. But we know that behind every smart piece of software, every powerful processor, and every brilliant line of code is an even more brilliant person. Leader among IT staffing agencies The intersection of technology and people — it's where we live. Backed by more than 65 years of experience, Robert Half Technology is a leader among IT staffing agencies. Whether you're looking to hire experienced technology talent or find the best technology jobs, we are your IT expert to call. We understand not only the art of matching people, but also the science of technology. We use a proprietary matching tool that helps our staffing professionals connect just the right person to just the right job. And our network of industry connections and strategic partners remains unmatched. Apply for this job now or contact our branch office at 888-490-4429 to learn more about this position. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. © 2019 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
