Cox Communications is looking for a Data Scientist to join the Data Science team within the Analytics Center of Excellence. This role will be responsible for building advanced analytics solutions. The Data Scientist is required to have strong skills in advanced analytics algorithms, tools, and technologies to drive solution development at scale.

Responsibilities:

Build, test, and deploy ML (machine learning), DP (deep learning), AI (artificial intelligence), and NLP (natural language processing) applications to produce value from Cox Communications’ data assets

Build analytics processes for automation, knowledge discovery, decision-making, insights, optimization, monitoring, and new capabilities

Build frameworks and follow best practices to mature analytics solutions from proof of concept to prototype to production

Prepare documentation, reports, and visualizations

Test new technologies, tools, and data

Keep up-to-date on new technologies, standards and practices

Qualifications:

Strong programming skills and ability to utilize a variety of data/analytic software/languages/tools; e.g., Spark (ML, Mllib, Spark SQL), R (caret, ggplot2), Python (pandas, numpy, scipy, scikit-learn), Scala, Java, C++, Hive, SQL, SAS, Tableau, etc.

Experience in at least one of the machine learning and deep learning frameworks including TensorFlow, Keras, Caffe, MXNet, Spark. Experience with writing complex programs in these and/or other environments

Strong understanding of the mathematical and computational concepts behind advanced analytics algorithms

Experience using cloud computing to build analytics applications

Strong communication skills. The ability to successfully comprehend and communicate advanced analytics artifacts, business insights, and resulting implications to non-technical business partners. Ability to work in a diverse team

Preferred:

Graduate degree in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Analytics, Engineering or closely related field. Ph.D. strongly preferred

Experience in data visualization solutions and data visualization tools

About Cox Communications

Cox Communications is committed to creating meaningful moments of human connection through broadband applications and services. The largest private telecom company in America, we proudly serve six million homes and businesses across 18 states. We're dedicated to empowering others to build a better future and celebrate diverse products, people, suppliers, communities and the characteristics that makes each one unique. Cox Communications is the largest division of Cox Enterprises, a family-owned business founded in 1898 by Governor James M. Cox.

Cox is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer - All qualified applicants/employees will receive consideration for employment without regard to that individual's age, race, color, religion or creed, national origin or ancestry, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, physical or mental disability, veteran status, genetic information, ethnicity, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Statement to ALL Third-Party Agencies and Similar Organizations: Cox accepts resumes only from agencies with which we formally engage their services. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Cox employees, Cox hiring manager, or send to any Cox facility. Cox is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
