COMPANY OVERVIEW INFICON is a growing, global, leading provider of innovative technologies that enhances productivity and quality in sophisticated industrial processes. The products provided by INFICON are world-class instruments for gas analysis, measurement, and control and are vital to manufacturers and end-users in the complex fabrication of semiconductors and thin film coatings for optics, flat panel displays, solar cells, and industrial vacuum coating applications. INFICON is headquartered in Switzerland and has world-class manufacturing facilities in Europe, the United States and China with subsidiaries located throughout the world. This position will be located in Newton, MA. For more detailed information about INFICON, please visit our website at www.inficon.com httpwww.inficon.com . JOB DESCRIPTION Do you have a passion for Data and Machine Learning? Do you dream of working with customers on their most forward-looking AI initiatives? Does the challenge of developing modern machine learning solutions to solve real-world manufacturing problems exciting to you? We develop software for monitoring semiconductor manufacturing process and are looking to leverage the latest technologies to address our customer s needs. You will be part of a team that investigates and builds solutions based all the data available in factories, ranging from time series data, to post manufacturing data, to production logs. You will be working side by side with application developers and customers on real world problems with actual manufacturing data. JOB FUNCTION Basic and applied research in statistical machine learning, deep learning, and data science as well as signal and information processing to advance the state of the art in time series analysis of semiconductor manufacturing data. Responsibilities Perform data analysis, data pre-processing, and feature engineering in support of advanced machine learning algorithm development. Incorporate physical and operational insightsconstraints into statistical models to achieve a high degree of robustness. Prototype algorithms for proof of concept, validation, and software implementation. Support performance evaluations and the transition of algorithms into existing fault detection and classification systems. Convey the results of scientific research to sponsors and the scientific community through briefings, conferences and peer-reviewed publications. Other related functions as assigned. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in computer science or chemical engineering or related technical field. Demonstrated ability in machine learningartificial intelligence (MLAI) development andor scientific modelling and data analysis. Demonstrated ability with pythonMATLAB or similar abstract language. Experience with both traditional ML and modern deep learning approaches. Experience with agile development practices and Git version control. Experience with one or more of the DNN frameworks like TensorFlow, PyTorch, Chainer. Experience with SQL, Graph stores, or NoSQL stores. Applicant must have a dynamic skill set, be willing to work with new technologies, be highly organized and capable of planning and coordinating multiple tasks. The position will require attention to detail, effective problem solving skills and excellent judgment. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, work as a team member without daily supervision. COMPENSATION BENEFITS Compensation will be commensurate with experience including a competitive base salary, bonus opportunity, competitive benefits package, and relocation assistance. INFICON, is committed to ensuring that our online application process provides an equal opportunity to all job seekers that apply without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, national origin, citizenship, gender, age, protected veteran status, disability status, genetic information, sexual orientation, or any other protected characteristic. A notice describing Federal equal employment opportunity laws is available here httpwww.dol..pdf and here httpwww.eeoc.govemployersuploadeeocselfprintposter.pdf to reaffirm this commitment. INFICON is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical andor mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for an employment opportunity at INFICON and require special assistance or an accommodation during the application process, please contact Human Resources at 315-434-1100 . Determination on requests for reasonable accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION httpswww.dol.govofccppdfpay-transpformattedESQA508c.pdf Employee Polygraph Protection Act Poster httpswww.dol.govwhdregscomplianceposterseppac.pdf April Fools Day is coming. Prank your friends opening a never ending fake update screen httpsgeekprank.comwin10-update on their computer. Sit back and watch their reaction.
