Overview

Contribute to a safer, secure and more sustainable World!

At UL, we know why we come to work. Thousands of us around the world wake up every day with one common purpose – to make the world a safer, more secure, and more sustainable place to live. We clear the way for our customers to introduce the latest products, technological advances, and systems in an increasingly complex world so they can provide peace of mind to the market. Our integrity is woven throughout our company and shapes the way we approach and deliver our solutions. We are proud that the work we do every day has a meaningful contribution to society. We continue to build upon our legacy of trusted expertise and partnership to keep our communities safe and secure as we march forward into the future. This helps us to sleep better at night, and we are confident that the millions of people we touch rest easier too.

The Associate Data Scientist uses mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to collect and analyze data to support the identification of solutions to business problems. Performs statistical analysis on experimental or business data to identify, validate and quantify trends or patterns based on guidance from business or research leaders. Constructs predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifies model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results. Designs experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use.

Responsibilities

Identifies sources of credible data and maintains data catalogs to provide key data sources to internal and external stakeholders.

Cleanses, structures and transforms data to test hypothesis, model complex systems and identify patterns. Prepares and analyzes program/model output to allow for efficient data analysis.

Conducts in-depth data analyses using traditional and statistical methods. Implements algorithms and software to perform analyses.

Transforms complex data into creative graphs, tables, charts and other graphics in order to present and/or share the data in a comprehensive and concise manner.

Writes supporting methodology, analysis and conclusion sections for inclusion in research papers, proposals and presentations.

Contributes to and maintains a library of data files, models, code and documentation related to projects.

Performs other duties as directed.

Qualifications

University Degree (Equivalent to Bachelor’s degree) in Mathematics, Statistics, or a related discipline plus generally two years of experience in data and statistical analysis.

Solid technical knowledge and experience working with R, SAS, Java or Python programming language. Strong in Microsoft Excel, data cleansing and data integration skills.

Ability to quickly understand new concepts and apply concepts to specific analytical problems with guidance from other data science team members.

Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to communicate with technical and non-technical internal and stakeholders.

Ability to organize, analyze and correlate data information.
