Data Scientist
Job #: req7485
Organization: World Bank
Sector: Information Technology
Grade: GF
Term Duration: 5 years 0 months
Recruitment Type: International Recruitment
Location: Washington, DC,United States
Required Language(s): English [essential]

Preferred Language(s):
Closing Date: 6/10/2020 (MM/DD/YYYY) at 11:59pm UTC

Description

Do you want to build a career
that is truly worthwhile? Working at the World Bank Group provides a unique
opportunity for you to help our clients solve their greatest development
challenges. The World Bank Group is one of the largest sources of funding and
knowledge for developing countries; a unique global partnership of five
institutions dedicated to ending extreme poverty, increasing shared prosperity
and promoting sustainable development. With 189 member countries and more than 120
offices worldwide, we work with public and private sector partners, investing
in groundbreaking projects and using data, research, and technology to develop
solutions to the most urgent global challenges. For more information, visit www.worldbank.org

Background & General Description:

The mission of Group Internal Audit (GIA) is to protect and enhance the value of the World Bank Group (WBG) by providing independent, objective and insightful risk-based assurance and advice. GIA provides an independent view on whether processes for managing and controlling risks to achieve the WBG's goals, and overall governance of these processes, are adequately designed and functioning effectively. GIA works across all WBG institutions, covering all operational and corporate functions as well as IT systems and processes.

GIA is headed by the Vice President and Auditor General (AG), who is responsible for setting the mission and vision, building strong partnerships with Senior Management and the Audit Committee, and providing value-adding assurance and advisory services that would meet the institution’s needs. The Professional Practices & Innovation Manager reports to the AG, and closely collaborates with the Director and Engagement Managers.

SCOPE & ACCOUNTABILITIES

Professional Practices & Innovation (PPI) Team delivers operational support to achieve GIA’s mandate. The Data Scientist, Information Management will be a key PPI staff member to define and execute GIA operational initiatives that: drive technology solutions fit for high-performing internal audit functions, implement data analytics and visualization techniques at scale; maintain an information technology systems environment consistent with WBG standards, and the explore emerging technology or continuous process improvements that enhance GIA operations. She/he will advise the PPI Manager on the information technology strategy and prioritizing cost/benefit investment decisions to achieve that strategy.

Roles & Responsibilities:

The successful candidate will have the following responsibilities:

 Lead the analysis of information technology operations and processes, work with WBG business and technical teams to evaluate and select technical solutions fit for purpose, participate in the development of prototypes or proofs of concept, and facilitate discussions with users to implement a fit for purpose technology solution;

 Architect the integration of emerging technologies that support GIA audit and operational process innovation;

 Liaise with other WBG departments to identify improvement in GIA’s data management methodology, technology strategy, identify process continuous improvement opportunities, and effectively coordinate the communication of data requirements to stakeholders in and outside of GIA;

 Identify opportunities to enhance GIA performance utilizing knowledge of the GIA’s priorities and processes, apply that knowledge for the design and deployment of technology to improve processes and information flows throughout the knowledge and information management lifecycles.

 Oversee the administration and maintenance (including planning, evaluation, development, implementation, and support) of GIA information technology systems, knowledge sharing and content management platforms, databases, process automation, and software applications;

 Monitor the performance of GIA information technology systems, determine whether systems enable a timely and effective production environment, take action to address issues that arise, and timely escalate user requests and production incidents to the PPI Manager and ITS for resolution;

 Distill large amounts of structured and unstructured data from varied sources to deliver the information GIA’s operations relies on; and

 Creates data visualizations and analytical reports that promote understanding of key insights for both technical and non-technical audiences.

Selection Criteria

 Master’s degree or PhD in Information Management, Data Management, Computer Science, or related field of study with a strong quantitative and computational background;

 Eight years of professional experience in information technology management or data science, with an emphasis on delivering functional solutions across the data lifecycle (plan, create, collect, process, store, analyze, publish, and dispose).

 Institutional knowledge, experience working at the WBG or similar multilateral institutions; experience with information management principles, concepts, techniques and methods, and the capacity to understand their application within the context of WBG’s data operations.

 Analytical skills, ability to think strategically; rapidly analyze, interpret and integrate data into actionable information that communicates clear conclusions and recommendations.

 Proven ability to simultaneously manage multiple project, to anticipate and adjust to roadblocks, and deliver high quality work with limited supervision.

 English proficiency, excellent oral and written communication skills, and the capacity to present data visualizations that translate complex information into actionable intelligence.

 Demonstrated management of information technology systems, including experience in planning, evaluation, development, implementation, and support.

 Demonstrated ability to quickly learn how to apply new technology.

 Experience in Microsoft development platforms, such as Visual Studio, C#, VBA, SQL, SSIS, Web API, ASP.Net; proficiency in Office 365 Suite Integration specifically in SharePoint Online, OneDrive, Teams, and knowledge of Microsoft’s Azure platform and infrastructure.

 Experience with relational database systems and data-warehousing, paired with the knowledge of leading data science practices, e.g., data acquisition, exploration and pipeline management, cleaning and feature engineering, modeling, and communicating results.

 Proven data analysis experience using algorithms, pivot-tables, and data analysis and visualization tools such as Python and Tableau.

 Self-starter that takes the initiative, as well as a team player with a proven ability to work effectively with colleagues from a range of technical and non-technical roles.

 Excellent stakeholder management and collaboration skills that demonstrate the capacity to work effectively across organizational boundaries.

 Business acumen and an understanding of WBG operations and risk management would be an asset.

 Enthusiasm for enhancing GIA’s work through data science and information management.

 Unquestionable ethics and integrity.

Core Competencies

Lead and Innovate -

Develops innovative solutions with others. Encourages and works with others to identify, incubate and implement relevant solutions. Identifies opportunities in changing circumstances and energizes others to continuously improve, using intentional strategies to boost morale, team spirit, and productivity in context of WBG’s values and mission. Helps others to understand problems, client needs and the underlying context

Deliver Results for Clients -

Achieves results and identifies mission-driven solutions for the client. Develops and implements solutions that show understanding of how clients and/or own work achieves results that are financially, environmentally and socially sustainable. Shares new insights based on in-depth understanding of the client and recommends solutions for current and future needs of clients. Holds self and team accountable for risk management and outcomes.

Collaborate within Teams and Across Boundaries -

Initiates collaboration across boundaries and broadly across WBG and brings differing ideas into the forefront. Collaborates across organizational boundaries, internally and externally with a sense of mutuality and respect. Consistently engages others in open dialogue, brings out any conflicting viewpoints and incorporates viewpoints into solutions, giving credit where credit is due. Leverages expertise of all team members to ensure successful outcomes. Makes choices and sets priorities with a WBG corporate perspective in mind

Create, Apply and Share Knowledge -

Creates, applies and shares knowledge from across and outside WBG to strengthen internal and/or external client solutions. Ensures systematic sharing of good practice and learning from lessons from across WBG, clients, and partners. Is known across WBG in their subject area and is sought out by WBG colleagues to advise, peer review, or contribute to knowledge products of others. Seeks mentoring opportunities with more experienced staff to deepen or strengthen their professional knowledge and mentors junior staff. Builds networks across the WBG and as part of external professional groups/networks

Make Smart Decisions -

Recommends and takes decisive action. Applies critical thinking and seeks inputs and experience from others to recommend a course of action consistent with the WBG’s strategy. Evaluates risk and anticipates the short- and long-term implications of decisions. Commits to a decision and takes action once a decision has been reached.

Poverty
has no borders, neither does excellence. We succeed because of our differences
and we continuously search for qualified individuals with diverse backgrounds
from around the globe.
