THE NEW RESIDEO AUSTIN TEAM

Are you ready to be part of something new and unique? Resideo is building a brand-new ultra-modern software development team in Austin to reinvent the smart home and our portfolio of software services, sensors, cameras, thermostats, security control and alarm systems. We serve a rapidly expanding ecosystem of connected devices and millions of users. Here you will have the opportunity to invent and create data driven solutions that connect customers with their home and build mobile and web applications supporting end users and service providers.

Come and join the Resideo software engineering team in Austin. This is an exciting environment where you will have the opportunity to develop your skills solving interesting problems. Work with other smart people and be challenged in your work embracing new technologies and approaches.

We are a developer culture that owns development, testing and DevOps. We work as Agile teams and value creativity, perspective and teamwork.

A member of the Data Platform team responsible for helping Business and Engineering drive key outcomes from our own data. You will collaborate with product manager, engineering, and customers to formulate results.

Role and Responsibilities

Working experience with time-series forecasting techniques including machine learning, deep learning and probabilistic techniques

Working experience with machine learning algorithms like random forests, gradient boosting, extra trees etc

Ability to develop and deploy machine learning algorithms to a production environment using the Python scientific stack (TensorFlow, numpy, pandas, scipy, scikit-learn, etc)

Visualize data and communicate analytical insights. Communicate complex analytical and technical concepts to a business audience.

Data Mining Discovery of patterns & signals in data or anomaly detection

Data Modeling Machine learning (e.g. decision trees, probabilistic reasoning, neural networks, clustering, case-based reasoning)

Highly proficient working with SQL

Participate in agile development and research processes

Partner with Engineering counterparts to support research process and research operationalization

WE VALUE:

Creative Thinking

New and innovative ideas

Collaboration and teamwork

Attention to detail

High quality work product

INCLUDES:

Resideo offers a wide selection of benefits, including medical, dental, vison, disability, and life insurance. We also provide 401K matching, as well as other optional benefits such as a student loan repayment program.

Free food and beverages

Flexible Hours

Casual attire

Company sponsored discount programs

Really good coffee!

RSRRES

About Us In October 2017, Honeywell announced the spinoff of its Honeywell Homes and ADI Global Distribution businesses into a standalone, publicly traded company. The new company, Resideo, will be a leading global provider of critical comfort and security solutions primarily in residential environments, with a presence in over 150 million homes globally. Its ADI Global Distribution business is the leading wholesale distributor of security and low voltage products. Resideo will use the Honeywell Home brand under a long-term, exclusive license. For more information on Resideo go to www.resideo.com . To learn more about the entire family of Honeywell Home consumer and professional products for homes, go to http://yourhome.honeywell.com . You can also follow us on Facebook at Facebook.com/HoneywellHome and Facebook.com/HoneywellHomePro , and on Twitter at Twitter.com/Honeywell_Home and Twitter.com/HoneywellPro .
