Overview

The Staff Data Scientist interprets and applies data analytics to translate business insights into actionable items. Advocates appropriate and consistent usage of data throughout the enterprise. Leads and recommend business decision making for multiple business functions. Implements activities that may impact multiple components / processes and the work of other business units / teams / projects. Data scientists interpret and apply data in analyses, and explain findings to business audiences typically, to improve products and processes. Projects support business decision making for multiple business functions. Designs, creates, implements, and manages predictive analytics that leverage large and varied datasets, using a wide range of analytical tools, methods, and platforms. Accountable for analyzing, developing, and governing logical and physical data designs and definitions in support of corporate and customer information systems requirements. Works to create, promote, and govern best practices of TRIMEDX data management.

Responsibilities

Accountabilities

Leads in the execution of statistical and mathematical solutions to business problems within business unit

Leads team in determining intended approach and quantitative methods to develop solution

Oversees design experiments to answer targeted questions

Develops materials to explain project findings to Leadership

Defines and delegates development tasks among team

Guides and recommends to team members and partners

Provides guidance regarding analytical approach and iteration of algorithms

Researches new ways for modeling and predicting end- user behavior and makes recommendations for adoption.

Problem Solving & Analysis

Leverages industry standards, best practices, and own expertise to determine solutions and anticipate issues.

Solves complex problems that do not have immediately known solutions, requiring analytical and at times “out of the box” thinking

Decision Making / Autonomy

Makes proactive decisions that translate direction into specific actions

Escalates and provides recommendation on issues to Technology Leadership

Works independently and seeks guidance and second opinions when needed

Communications / Interactions

Communicates and collaborates with Technology leadership and partners on status, issues and decisions to drive outcomes

Translates technology concepts into clear, digestible business appropriate language: creates images, graphics or charts that provide exceptional clarity or add impact to otherwise complex material and package presentations concisely for Leadership

Interacts with peer group to drive out role & process best practices and influences and implements change

Mentors and trains new or lesser experienced team members

Qualifications

Knowledge, Skills, & Experience

Skills:

Business Perspectives/Market

Awareness

Data Analytics

Data Mining

Data Visualization

Machine Learning

Strategic Thinking

Influence

Presentation Skills

Required:

5+ years of progressively complex Data Science or analytics experience

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in MIS, Computer Science, Data Science or related field

Preferred:

Master's degree and/or Ph.D.
