Crystal Dynamics is seeking a Lead Data Scientist to lead a technical team and help us gain useful insight out of raw data. The Lead Data Scientist will be responsible for managing the analytics team. They will work alongside production, marketing, community, and engineering to plan projects and deliver meaningful data-driven insights for the game.

Essential Duties:

Manage the analytics team.

Serve as subject matter expert on relevant KPIs.

Create and implement roadmap for live game telemetry.

Conceive, plan and prioritize data projects.

Lead data mining and collection procedures.

Ensure data quality and integrity.

Interpret and analyze data problems.

Build analytic systems and predictive models.

Test performance of data-driven products.

Align data projects with organizational goals.

Respond to operational needs by providing analytical support.

Competencies, Skills & Knowledge:

Knowledge of data management and visualization techniques.

A knack for statistical analysis and predictive modeling

Excellent communication and presentation skills.

Preferred experience with console development for current platforms.

Have a clear understanding of modern Big Data tools.

Experience with Visualization tools and platforms.

Solid understanding of machine learning.

Requirements:

Proven experience as a Data Scientist, console game experience is highly preferred

Strong organizational and leadership skills

Experience managing or leading an analytics team

Experience working with large and complex data-sets.

Strong analytical skills including the ability to interpret and manipulate large structured data to develop recommendations and analysis.

Proficiency with Python, SQL and R

Experience with data visualization tools, and other statistical/reporting packages.

Master’s degree in a quantitative discipline such as Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, Operations Research, or Computer Science.

Pluses:

Google BigQuery a plus

Spark experience is a plus.

Looker experience is a plus.

MongoDB a plus

Passion for games

Ph.D. in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering, or Computer Science.

Crystal Dynamics is an EOE and M/F/D/V Employer
