Overview

Company overview:

For more than three decades, Pragmatics has provided clients with award-winning customer service and expert solutions to complex challenges. Since 1985, Pragmatics has maintained a sterling reputation as a trusted, capable and innovative solutions provider.

Pragmatics’ industry-leading experts currently deliver high-impact solutions to a portfolio of 25 major information technology contracts with a range of Defense and Civilian Agencies. These include the Defense Information Systems Agency; the Departments of the Army, Health and Human Services, Homeland Security, Justice, State, and Treasury; the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; the General Services Administration; and several intelligence agencies. Pragmatics is proud of its ability to support our clients in achieving success in their important missions, and we look forward to continuing to provide them with the highest level of service.

#Dice

Responsibilities

Would you like to perform rewarding work while contributing to the success of an established growing company? Pragmatics, Inc is seeking a Data Scientist to support our work with the US Navy located in Suitland, Maryland.

You will play a key role within a small data science team. We're looking for hands on experience developing solutions for complex data science problems using Python, R, Hadoop, and Greenplum (or other Massively Parallel Processing solutions).

REQUIRED SKILLS:

Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative or technical field of study, such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Geospatial Information Systems

3 years’ experience integrating data mining, conditioning, and analysis that includes the use of current data analysis software and methods

Demonstrated problem solving skills

Demonstrated presentation skills for conferences, including but not limited to presenting at professional or academic conferences

Qualifications

3 years' experience in ESRI ArcGIS

3 years’ experience developing scripts, APIs, and/or programs using 1 or more of the following: C++, Java, Shell, Perl, Python

3 years’ experience programming in Python, C++, R, or Interactive Data Language (IDL)

1 year experience working with geospatial data or imagery data

1 year experience working with database structures and query tools

2 years' experience in technical writing for analysis reports

Value added to M.S. degree or higher holder

CLEARANCE:

Must have Active Top Secret Clearance with SCI access, US Citizenship is required

Pragmatics is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. Pragmatics prohibits discrimination against employees and qualified applicants for employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, disability, marital status, national origin, veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable discrimination laws. Pragmatics will make reasonable accommodations, in appropriate cases, for qualified individuals with disabilities, if it can do so without undue hardship.
