MartinFederal has an opening for a Lead Data Scientist to join our team of talented and diverse individuals. This role will directly support a dynamic program for the Department of Homeland Security.

Essential Fuctions/PWS Requirements:

Lead a team of data scientists in applying emerging big data technologies to solve complex problem sets. Provide technical and non-technical leadership, fostering an environment of collaboration

Interface with technical and non-technical stakeholders, managing requirements, and conveying highly complex concepts to non-technical audiences

Interface with front and back end developers throughout solution and development phases, integrating analytic solutions

Ensure integration of security and privacy related policies in solution and development processes

Required Skills, Qualifications and Certifications:

Active Top Secret security clearance with SCI eligibility

BS degree from an accredited college or university and fourteen (14) years related experience, or MS degree and twelve (12) years related experience or Ph.D. and eight (8) years of related experience. Requires demonstrated leadership skills as evidenced by prior managerial and supervisory experience. Must be able to effectively communicate with others

Familiar with Jira and Confluence

Experience working with multiple stakeholders, gathering requirements, analysis and integration resulting in informed deconning making, explaining highly technical concepts to a non-technical audience

Knowledge of tools and methodologies used in handling large datasets, applying analytic processes, and implementing information sharing best practices.

Strong project management skills leading multiple teams.

Understand and align development efforts to IA, privacy, civil liberties/civil rights, and intelligence oversight policies

Excellent communicate effectively to a broad set of customers and stakeholders

Strong leadership and team-building skills

Expertise in either Agile or Rapid Application Development (RAD) methodologies

Experience with DevOps methodologies

Experience working both IC elements and DHS components incorporating development within the IC ITE arena

Knowledge of cloud architecture such as Amazon Web Services

Familiarity with cloud development of solutions across a multi-fabric network

Desired Skills, Qualifications and Certifications:

Expertise in Continuous Monitoring and Continuous Delivery (DevSecOps) within the Federal arena

Experience with the Atlassian suite of tools (Confluence, JIRA) and GitLab code repository

Proficient experience with one of more of the following languages:

Java, Python, C++, JavaScript, Scala or Pig

Familiar with MapReduce or other big data concepts

Understanding of the Intelligence Production Process

Knowledge of DHS and IC missions (Borders, Immigration, Vetting, etc.)

Physical Requirements and Environmental Conditions:

Inside office environment;

Working on a computer for long periods of time;

May involve long period of sitting at a desk;

The work environment is fast-paced and sometimes involves extreme deadline pressures. The nature of the work requires a high degree of teamwork and cooperation with other members of the staff as well as individuals across the Company and Customers/Teammates.

Other Duties:

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

MartinFederal is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regards to race, color, religion, religious creed, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, transgender, pregnancy, marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability, protected Veteran Status, genetics or any other characteristics protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or disabled veteran, you have the right to request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access MartinFederal’s current openings as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by calling 855.212.1810. Thank you for your interest in MartinFederal Consulting.
