Job Description

Verisk Innovative Analytics is looking for a bright, energetic analytic scientist/data scientist. In this position, you will work, in small teams on all aspects of varied analytic projects with a focus on machine learning and artificial intelligence driven fields including Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision, Voice Analytics, and Automated Speech Recognition (ASR). Level of hire will be based on years of relevant experience.

Responsibilities include:

Design analytic solutions for our industry verticals and cross-enterprise product research

Develop analytic solutions using machine learning techniques including Predictive Modeling, NLP, Computer Vision, Voice Analytics, and ASR.

Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, model development and evaluation, ongoing deliverables, deployment support and presentations.

Research and develop analysis, forecasting, and optimization methods to improve the quality of Verisk’s products

Keep abreast of and adapt to technical innovations and new developments in relevant analytic fields

Manage/mentor more junior analysts

Qualifications

Masters or PhD in quantitative field

Strong programming skills, particularly in Python or C

Ability to solve problems analytically and creatively

Strong communication (written and oral) skills

A depth of knowledge in one or more of Neural Networks, NLP, Computer Vision, Voice Analytics, ASR

Familiarity with one or more deep learning software frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch

Familiarity with SQL or NoSQL databases

Additional Information

Verisk Analytics is an equal opportunity employer.

All members of the Verisk Analytics family of companies are equal opportunity employers. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, sex, gender identity and/or expression, sexual orientation, veteran's status, age or disability.

http://www.verisk.com/careers.html

Unsolicited resumes sent to Verisk, including unsolicited resumes sent to a Verisk business mailing address, fax machine or email address, or directly to Verisk employees, will be considered Verisk property. Verisk will NOT pay a fee for any placement resulting from the receipt of an unsolicited resume.
