Description:

Are you up for the challenge of delivering modern software and data products for real people by creating industry baselines and predictive customer behavioral models around workplace safety? Is solving business challenges in innovative and inventive ways how you would like to spend your days? Do you want to want to work with a team of product managers, user experience designers, and developers that are all invested in producing great products to help create a safer workplace? Are you looking for an opportunity for a stable work environment with reasonable work hours?

Company

KPA Services LLC (www.kpaonline.com ), based in Lafayette, CO was founded in 1986. KPA is a private equity-backed, highly profitable company with over 6,500 clients across North America. KPA delivers Environmental Health & Safety, Risk Management, HR Management, and Sales & Finance Compliance programs that help clients achieve regulatory compliance, control risk, protect their assets, and effectively manage people through a combination of intuitive software, interactive training, and onsite compliance audit services. KPA’s clients can be found in the automotive dealership, insurance broker, light industrial, distribution, food & beverage, and manufacturing industries.

KPA has the advantage of 31 years of consistent profitability while having the backing of strong investors to create an entrepreneurial atmosphere built for growth.

KPA has a major focus on core values and company culture to attract, retain and engage its 200 outstanding teammates which, in turn, drives our industry-leading 95% client retention, 29% revenue growth, industry leading EBITDA margin and excellent client collections (DSOs under 14).

KPA is known as the “trusted partner” with best-in-class professional consulting to complement premium SaaS solutions, providing high value to our clients and, in turn, driving unparalleled client retention.

The Team

KPA’s Product and User Experience team is establishing a new product platform that will combine multiple current product lines and be a foundation to build customer-focused solutions to make a well-trained and safer workplace. We are located in Lafayette, just east of Boulder. At KPA, we value employees who take initiative to succeed, clear ownership of projects, and who are highly collaborative and accountable. Be ready to jump in with us and to establish our data product offerings together.

How you’ll have an impact…

Drive the discovery, collection and preparation of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.

Develop a test data driven hypotheses in order to find patterns and useful trends to help our customers.

Collaborate with engineers to implement machine learning techniques into our production environment.

Work closely with customers from product discovery through solution implementation to improve products and business methods.

Work with the Product and UX team to develop best practices for instrumentation and visualization of data.

Develop stories from data and visuals that make sense and are actionable for our customers to help them provide appropriate training, predict gaps, and reduce risk.

Expectations

WITHIN ONE MONTH, YOU'LL...

Onboard to the team.

Become familiar with current data sets.

Begin to identify data standardization opportunities.

Assess the landscape of data analytics tools and technologies at KPA and establish areas of improvement.

Start running experiments with our data.

Participate in the agile development process.

Get to know the Product, UX Design, and Technology team.

WITHIN THREE MONTHS, YOU'LL...

Start to demonstrate a productivity and ownership on par with the other product team members.

Show strong leadership and direction on our data analysis and structure.

Have participated in various customer discovery calls with UX and Product.

Have strong hypotheses towards potential data product enhancements that meet customer needs and goals.

Be working closely and collaboratively with our Product Managers, Designers, and Engineers.

WITHIN SIX MONTHS, YOU'LL...

Be designing experiments and building machine learning models.

Develop end-to-end prediction and recommendation pipelines.

Ensure the best development practices are being used and translated to execute on your data product visualizations in production.

Have a solid understanding of our customer base and their practical data needs.

Continue experimenting with the Product and UX Design team on new ways to communicate insights and provide data products to our customers.

WITHIN A YEAR, YOU'LL...

Be an expert in KPA’s products.

Have full ownership and direction of the machine learning models.

Contribute to the data science vision and processes.

Be a mentor and help introduce and level-up our Product Managers, UX Designers, and Engineers in data science methods and best practices.

Continuously offer process improvements to our team, the business, and for our customers.

Position details

This position reports to the User Experience Director, Product and is a full-time exempt position.

The location will be at KPA’s corporate headquarters in Lafayette, CO. .

Requirements:

Experience with visualization tools (Tableau, Qlik, etc.).

Strong experience with statistical analysis (R, Python, etc.).

Experience coding products with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. is a plus.

Background in statistical methods.

Ability to multi-task several priorities simultaneously and manage multiple projects.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills - being able to bring others along and speak in “common terms” for team and customer understanding is key.

Ability to take initiative, think on your feet, and problem solve.

B.A. or M.S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or another relevant technical field.
