Job Description

Description

SAIC is currently seeking to support the U.S. Department of Treasury, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. As part of this work, FinCEN is looking to establish and support a robust and sustainable Analytics Program that will enable Enterprise Self-Service analysis, develop analytic applications and capabilities, and perform user analytical/analysis support.

Job Description – Lead Data Scientist

 Establish, develop, document and implement the governance processes, roles and communications for the analytic program.

 Development of project specific analytics in short timelines

 Develop enterprise wide analytic capabilities that will serve as building blocks for reuse.

 Conduct data manipulation and modeling as well as use predicative analytic methods

 Ensure the systems are regularly audited and data usage is analyzed

 Coordinate analytic projects and “dashboard” results for on-going efforts

 Effectively communicate between developers and end users

 Create a repository/library/app store of analytic capabilities and data sets with assorted metadata

Qualifications

Desired:

 Minimum 10 years of experience related to data science and the manipulation of large data sources.

 Bachelor’s degree in data science or other quantitative field. Master’s degree preferred.

 Top Secret Clearance

 At least 10 years’ experience working with various analytic tools and recognizing their weaknesses

 Background in counter threat finance or anti-money laundering

 Experience with FinCEN developed tools (e.g. FinCEN Query, Classified Cloud BSA tools)

 Ability to manage a diverse team of employees.

 Demonstrated ability to provide quality assurance checks on products

 Demonstrated expertise in the data analytics field, building analytic models and methods, and the skillsets to be able to provide end-to-end technical solution.

 Ability and experience assessing business objectives, conducting gap analysis of existing versus needed capability, and identifying business requirements.

 Experience evaluating business requirements to identify potential software, hardware, and system architectures can be employed to meet business objectives.

 Experience developing potential technical solutions to meet business needs and support analysis of alternatives for best fit.

 Experience evaluating technical trends and provide recommendations for technology and architecture to meet business objectives.

Desired Qualifications

Overview

SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nation's most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability
