Are you interested in working for an organization dedicated to innovation, customer intimacy, and improving healthcare for everyone? Do you enjoy working in an environment filled with respect and integrity? Are you driven by a will to win? You’re in the right place!

Since 1992, Omnicell has been inspired to create safer and more efficient ways to manage medications across all care settings. As a leading provider of solutions across the continuum of care, we offer a path to fully automated medication management infrastructure, powered by a cloud data platform that supports improved patient care, fewer errors, enhanced safety, and new opportunities for growth.

Our vision for the Autonomous Pharmacy integrates a comprehensive set of solutions powered by the Omnicell Cloud Data Platform across three key areas: Automation – solutions designed to digitize and streamline workflows; Intelligence – actionable insights to better understand medication usage and improve pharmacy supply chain management; and Work – expert services that serve as an extension of pharmacy operations to support improved efficiency, regulatory compliance, and patient outcomes.

Over 5,500 facilities worldwide use Omnicell automation and analytics solutions to increase operational efficiency, reduce medication errors, deliver actionable intelligence, and improve patient safety. And more than 40,000 institutional and retail pharmacies across North America and the United Kingdom leverage Omnicell’s innovative medication adherence solutions to improve patient engagement and adherence to prescriptions, helping to reduce costly hospital readmissions.

Come join our team and be inspired by care!

Senior Data Scientist

Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing the health care industry. In 5 to 10 years, hospitals, pharmacies, and physicians’ offices will operate very differently than they do today. At Omnicell, we are inspired to be part of this change. As the leading innovator in pharmacy- and medication-management systems, providing services and solutions to more than 4000 hospitals worldwide, we have geared up for the health care revolution.

The main focus of the Data Science Innovation Team (DSIT) is to make Omnicell’s vision of an autonomous pharmacy a reality. As a member of the DSIT, you will have autonomy to collaborate with every team in the organization, and you will be able to directly connect to decision makers without dealing with bureaucracy. You will lead and participate in multiple projects on various timelines. You will be expected to develop strong working relationships with various departments, to represent the DSIT, to provide direction for members of all levels and departments, and to speak about new and upcoming developments in your field.

Responsibilities

Lead, design, and develop cutting-edge AI technologies (ML models, algorithms, etc) in medication management, patient behavioral modeling, and anomaly detection

Drive cross-functional data science projects from beginning to end: from idealization and problem formulation to technology development, and working with other stakeholders for implementation

Work with product and design teams to plan how to shape the product and communicate data insights to non-experts

Create value by anticipating and meeting the needs of internal and external customers and delivering high-quality results and be accountable for outcomes

Knowledge / Skills:

Strong background in Statistics and Machine Learning with extensive practical experiences in developing AI solutions to solve real-work problems.

Hands-on experience with statistical analysis and data mining tools, such as R, Python, Scala, etc.

Ability to balance sophistication with simplicity, scientific rigor with pragmatism, and agility with quality.

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development

Deep knowledge and experience in statistical and machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised/unsupervised learning, optimization, parametric/nonparametric modeling, Bayesian statistics, etc)

Strong skills in communicating and presenting data-derived insights to non-technical audiences appropriately

A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff

Basic Qualification

Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative discipline with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithms

7+ years of experience in statistical modeling and developing machine learning algorithms

Experience in handling massive datasets and expertise in big data technologies

Preferred Qualifications

Domain knowledge and past experiences in health care, medication management, patient care, etc.

Experience and/or background in pharmacy informatics.

Experience in diversion detection, opioids, or antimicrobial stewardship

Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

Omnicell will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information.
