Penn Medicine is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Data Science team embedded in the Palliative and Advanced Illness Research (PAIR) Center. At its core, this position is about revolutionizing healthcare with data-driven policies and practices to help improve the lives of people affected by serious illness.

Job Summary:

The Data Scientist will apply techniques from machine learning and computational statistics to clinical, administrative, and social media data to create immense value for patients and health systems. These methods will be used to study policies and interventions related to advance care planning, palliative care, decision science, critical illness, and population health. Individuals in this role are expected to be comfortable working as a software engineer, a quantitative researcher, and a

collaborative member of clinically oriented research team.

Accountabilities:

Work closely with members of a large research team to identify and answer important healthcare questions with appropriate statistical techniques

Lead large data acquisition, data mining, Natural Language Processing (NLP), and analysis projects; data types and sources will vary, but will certainly include clinical data

Create and manage protocols for the analysis of data collected through the course of usual clinical care, mobile technologies, and by other passive means

Design and execute research projects utilizing advanced computational techniques to generate novel medical insights and to build clinical decision support systems

Communicate findings to researchers, clinicians, and administrators

Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources

Work closely with a team of developers and researchers to conduct scholarly work at the intersection of serious illness and clinical informatics

Performs duties in accordance with Penn Medicine and entity values, policies, and procedures

Other duties as assigned to support the unit, department, entity, and health system organization

Minimum Requirements:

Minimum Education & Experience Required:

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant technical field, e.g. statistics, mathematics, physics, or computer science, and 3 years of experience in a relevant role required

OR

Master’s degree in a relevant technical field, e.g. statistics, mathematics, physics, or computer science, and 2 years of experience in a relevant role required

Experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches

Required Skills:

Fluency with statistical and machine learning techniques such as decision trees, feed-forward and recurrent neural networks, graphical models, clustering, and dimension reduction required

Experience manipulating and analyzing complex, large volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources required

Fluency in coding in R and/or Python required

Familiarity with reproducible scientific workflows (e.g. Jupyter notebooks or Rmarkdown) and version control (e.g. git) required

A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data

A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner

Familiarity with relational databases and SQL required

Fluency in NoSql design, deployment and analyzing on many TB’s of data preferred

Additional Information:

We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives.

Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/

Live Your Life's Work

EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran

We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.
