PHD/MS. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics or a related quantitative field

Proficiency in model development, model validation and model implementation.

Work well in a fast-moving team environment and effectively deliver technical implementations having complex dependencies and requirements.

Strong communication and data presentation skills

Millions of Sellers list their products for sale on the Amazon Marketplace. Sellers are a critical part of Amazon’s ecosystem to deliver on our vision of offering the Earth’s largest selection and lowest prices. In this ecosystem, the International Seller Services org (ISS) plays a critical role in enabling Sellers across EU5, China, Japan, Australia, Brazil and Turkey to make their Selection available to customers globally and deliver the experience they have come to expect from Amazon.

ISS is looking for a results driven Data Scientist to join its Econometrics and Science team in Seattle. The Data Scientist will work closely with other research scientists and economists to design new frameworks that systematically identify, low touch machine driven recommendations that propel seller growth while creating a meaningful economic impact for Amazon. Research science at Amazon is a highly experimental activity, although theoretical analysis and innovation are also welcome. Our economists and scientists work closely with software engineers to put algorithms into practice. They also work on cross-disciplinary efforts with other scientists within Amazon.

You will be expected to:

Leverage knowledge of statistics and optimization to frame decision-making problems for determining selection, pricing and inventory.

Build statistical models required to measure the impact of each system and platform.

Predict future customer behavior and business conditions through machine learning and predictive modeling.

Use analytical and predictive techniques to build models for optimizing and target specific products.

Translate prototype models to production quality, large scale software systems.

Present proposals and results in a clear manner backed by data and coupled with actionable conclusions.

Significant peer reviewed scientific contributions in relevant field.

Strong fundamentals in problem solving, algorithm design and complexity analysis.

Strong personal interest in learning, researching, and creating new technologies with high commercial impact.

Experience with defining organizational research and development practices in an industry setting.

Proven track in leading, mentoring and growing teams of scientists.
