The massive scale and heavy engagement of the people using our products make the Facebook platform an ideal place for marketers to build their brands. It also makes the platform an ideal place to conduct analyses and research to learn how to improve marketing in the new mobile world. The successful candidate will focus on investigating and understanding the current best practices for advertising on Facebook as well as inventing new strategies. The team is both theoretical and practical as we work with product engineers and with our top tier advertisers to build our understanding and to test ideas.

The ideal candidate for this data science focused position will be passionate about Facebook and Instagram, and have a proven track record of analyzing and deriving insights from data. They would be intellectually curious, a great communicator, data-driven, a fast learner and able to move fast while keeping focused on high impact projects. Applicants should have a strong quantitative understanding, a strong data a talent for taking complex concepts and distilling them into clear accessible learnings.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Apply analytical skills to complex quantitative problems, presenting actionable insights to key stakeholders

Develop deep understanding of the Auction, analyze current performance by targeting and objectives

Identify levers for improving overall results across Facebook's ads auction

Drive learnings on campaign optimization

Recommend product or positioning changes based on robust analysis of user and advertiser behavior

Research applied machine learning questions in our ads system to improve advertiser value

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Currently has, or is in the process of obtaining, a Bachelors degree

Experience driving action based on data-driven insights

Experience operating independently and delivering results

Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

Experience with experimental design and understanding of statistical data analysis (e.g. regression, probability)

Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in our job application procedures. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, you may contact us at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
