Blockforce Capital is an award-winning, U.S.-based financial services and technology firm that offers innovative products in the blockchain and cryptocurrency industry through an array of proprietary public and private investment vehicles and platforms. The Blockforce team is comprised of financial analysts, data scientists, theoretical physicists, and Wall Street veterans. We are looking for an additional Financial Data Scientist to add to our top tier team. The data scientist will take on a

principal role in developing and implementing quantitative strategies for digital assets and leveraging the rich data ecosystem of the digital asset space. Our home base is in San Diego, California and we are looking for someone to join our on-site team.

Duties will include but are not limited to:

The data scientist will be a principal developer of Blockforce Capital’s digital asset trading strategies. They will draw from strong foundations in statistics, time series analysis, and machine learning to develop new quantitative strategies. This work will involve to roughly equal parts foundational research, proof-of-principal modeling, testing and optimization, and deployment-ready implementation using Python. The candidate must have a thorough understanding of trading products, and the financial markets; and be proficient in the use of data resources (and third-party vendors such as Bloomberg) to research and model investment offerings. We seek a person capable of thoughtful, independent analysis on broad financial markets as well as individual fund portfolios, with a deep understanding of all asset class securities and instruments.

Job Requirements:

A thorough understanding of all asset class securities and instruments. Ideally, three to five years of working experience in the financial sector.

Must possess excellent mathematical skills for evaluating investments, technical skills to locate and analyze financial data, analytical skills for processing information, and communication skills for reporting findings.

Acute attention to detail and accuracy is a critical function of this position.

Be able to identify and leverage new technologies to enhance analytical best practices.

M.S. or Ph.D. degree in a quantitative science or engineering, or B.S. degree and at three to five years of experience in a financial data science role.

Deep understanding of machine learning methodologies, including feature engineering, neural networks and reinforcement learning.

Full proficiency in Python and Pandas, and one, preferably multiple machine learning packages such as Scikit-Learn, Tensor Flow, or Torch.

Experience with Linux, AWS, and various flavors of SQL.

Who We Are:

As an up-and-coming financial firm, we boast a vibrant and positive work atmosphere that encourages a mindset of learning and growth.

Each member is an integral and vital part of the team, encouraged to contribute in various projects to expand one’s skillset.

We provide a competitive salary and benefits such as an unlimited personal time off policy and healthcare coverage.
