Introduction

As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients’ data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether it’s investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities

IBM CIO (Chief Information Office) Organization is looking for innovative talent who bring fresh new ideas to create a productive environment for all IBMers across the globe. Our mission is to provide the best work experience in a digital workplace to all IBM employees and consequently positively impact on the way IBM deliver what our clients need.

Are you interested in working in an innovative and collaborative environment? If so, this is your chance to work in the first IBM area to become agile and to create meaningful solutions that impact our technology and business transformation for a new business era.

Required Professional and Technical Expertise

Experience with User Experience (UX) design

Minimum of 1-year experience using problem solving skills such as: Analyze causes using existing techniques or tools, prepare and recommend solution alternatives

Ability to absorb professional knowledge quickly and develop skills

Ability to draw upon professional concepts to collaborate with others to carry out assigned duties

Ability to challenge the validity of given procedures and processes with the intent to enhance and improve

Enrolled in a Bachelor of Science in Business Information Technology, Management Information Systems, or a similar degree program

Preferred Professional and Technical Expertise

Experience using Agile and Design Thinking methodologies

Experience working with leaders of design

Experience writing user stories and requirements documents using analytical skills

About Business Unit

The IBM Finance organization is responsible for driving enterprise performance and transformation. We are the financial stewards of IBM, delivering IBM’s financial strategy, developing new business models, and mitigating enterprise risk. Do you have a passion for creating business value? Join our team in accounting, financial planning, pricing, business controls, tax, treasury, business development (acquisitions & divestitures), and global financing.

Your Life @ IBM

What matters to you when you’re looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities – where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust – where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM

IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement

For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM

IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
