At AES, we raise the quality of life around the world by changing the way energy works. Everyone makes an impact every day in our small, global teams. Apply here to start an extraordinary career today.

We are looking for data scientists to join our growing team of data wranglers that will help us uncover insights and drive key business decisions by leveraging data analytics and artificial intelligence. The data scientists will use data to find patterns, create algorithms, and generally help AES’ business leaders make smarter decisions to deliver better products and solutions. The analytics will also serve as the foundation for machine learning use cases across several business applications.

The primary use cases will be in applying data mining techniques, performing statistical analysis to improve asset reliability across our green generation portfolio, make our energy grids more resilient and able to cope with tomorrows renewables demands, and drive operational efficiencies for our commercial teams.

Help us accelerate our greener energy future using data and application of analytics!

Responsibilities

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Visualizing data to provide predictive insights and drive decision making

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Performing ad-hoc analyses and presenting results and business outcomes in a clear and compelling manner

Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

Be an evangelist for the use and data and data driven decision making at all levels of the organization

Skills and Qualifications

Bachelors in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics applicable real-world experience required, Masters or Phd. preferred.

3+ years’ experience in data analytics or data science or applicable research

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.

Experience in the production of energy, commercial energy markets or energy industry preferred

Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, SAS, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Deep experience in Python or R is highly desirable

Experience using cloud platforms (Azure ML, GCP ML, AWS SageMaker) and deploying analytics in a production environment (Microsoft Preferred)

Demonstrates natural curiosity, an ability and willingness to challenge assumptions and gain a deeper understanding of the problem leveraging contextual inquiry

Takes ownership, promotes perspectives and insights in a way that gives others comfort about how they were derived and what the next natural questions might be

Excellent communication and collaboration skills to ensure analytics projects are meeting the needs of the business users

Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig

Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase

Strong applied analytics and statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Demonstrated ability to develop and deploy scripts and programming skills

AES is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. E-Verify Notice: AES will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.
