The Data Scientist will provide statistical analysis, forecasting, predictive modeling, simulation, and optimization to understand Company needs and provide business insights. This position will support the Credit Risk function by delivering solutions and developing methodologies to maximize the Company’s return on investment. ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Develop predictive models using advanced statistical or machine learning techniques. Work with business partners to help identify problem areas, proposing analytics-based solutions. Collaborate with the analytics teams to set analytic objectives, approaches, and work plans. Analyze customer and market trends that impact business performance and recommend ways to improve outcomes. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive leadership. Develop analytical frameworks to facilitate strategic decision making, identify risks, and opportunities. Establish analytical best-practices for both stable and rapidly growing product portfolios. 19201, CORP, Credit Risk-19201, 19201, CREMP002 Job Requirements MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor’s degree in applied statistics, mathematics, management science, economics or equivalent; Master’s degree preferred. At least 2 years’ experience in predictive modeling, decision analytics, data science, or related work; 4+ years preferred. Hands on experience building predictive models using SAS, SQL, R, or Python, and implementing them into a production environment. Highly proficient with SAS and SQL languages. Strong financial, strategic, analytical, and project management skills Strong verbal and written communication skills Self-motivated independent, organized, proactive, highly responsive, flexible and adoptable when working across multiple teams. LEARN MORE ABOUT US The Data Scientist is a member the Finance team, a group of trusted advisers who strive to ensure our business partners have the data they need to make the best decisions as we continue to solidify our position as the industry leader. To learn more about this team, visit https://www.tmxfinancefamily.com/careers/top-talent/finance/ To find out about what’s going on in our Company, visit our blog at https://www.tmxfinancefamily.com/tmx-talks. Standing, walking, sitting, repetitive movements and use of mechanical controls, such as keyboard, are frequently required. All TMX Finance® Family of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers. #LI-KM1
