MORE ABOUT THIS JOB

Consumer and Investment Management (CIMD)

The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives.

Consumer

Consumer, externally known as Marcus by Goldman Sachs, is comprised of the firm’s digitally-led consumer businesses, which include our deposits and lending businesses, as well as our personal financial management app, Clarity Money. Consumer combines the strength and heritage of a 150-year-old financial institution with the agility and entrepreneurial spirit of a tech start-up. Through the use of machine learning and intuitive design, we provide customers with powerful tools that are grounded in value, transparency and simplicity to help them make smarter decisions about their money.

Your Impact

Clarity Money is a business recently acquired by Goldman Sachs that offers a revolutionary AI- and machine learning-based product for consumers to improve their financial health. Ushering in a new era of mobile personal finance management apps, Clarity Money uses artificial intelligence and data science to help consumers make smarter financial decisions and get the most from their money. The revolutionary features allow users to cancel bills, get a better credit card and create a savings account, all from within the app, and all at the push of a button.

The Clarity Money team is actively seeking a motivated Data Engineer with proven industry experience in machine learning, data engineering and building robust data pipelines. Strong computer science fundamentals are key to success in this role. The ideal candidate should be an individual contributor, a positive team player and willing to get things done.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

Responsibilities:

Build machine learning and NLP models to build new product features and improve business metrics.

Perform exploratory data analysis and causation/attribution/correlation identifying key insights to help decisions and business strategy.

Document model explainability and decay and deploy models with proper governance.

Work with product managers, engineers, marketers and designers, and senior executives to optimize key translate business insights into decisions and action

Build and improve our machine learning deployment and data pipeline platforms.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in a field like computer science, statistics, economics or applied math.

Strong knowledge of statistical analysis and exploratory data analysis techniques for prescriptive analytics.

2+ years of professional experience in an advance analytics-based data science/ machine learning engineer or stats role.

2+ years of professional experience working in cloud environment like AWS.

Strong knowledge of machine learning concepts like regression, classification, clustering, heuristics, boosting, feature engineering, etc.

Strong Proficiency in SQL, notebooks and Python.

Understanding of open source libraries for solving orchestration, model deployment, model explainability and management.

Basic understanding of new deep learning techniques like GANs, RNNs, CNNs and platforms like keras/tensorflow used to implement these.

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. Founded in 1869, the firm is headquartered in New York and maintains offices in all major financial centers around the world.

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2019. All rights reserved Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Vet.
