Overview

Lithia Motors, Inc., Medford, OR

SCFC-Data Scientist

Business is thriving and that means we're hiring! We're looking for motivated and enthusiastic professionals to join our winning team! And that's where you come in!

Responsibilities:

Develop predictive scoring models, segmentation schemas, underwriting rules and model validations.

Plan and execute predictive modelling and analytics projects.

Analyze credit performance by product features such as loan amounts, channel, and term.

Develop analytical insights into income, payment-to-income, and income verification tools.

Develop metrics and KPI’s for reporting across the loan lifecycle.

Formulate credit policy based on analytical insights.

Document data sources, data definitions, strategies, models and policies.

Evaluate 3rd party vendors data and score product for sources of predictive attributes.

Assist with implementation and testing of underwriting strategies in credit decision engine

Understands and adopts emerging technology that can affect the application of scientific methodologies and/or quantitative analytical approaches to problem resolutions.

Develop and collaborate to build artificial intelligence /machine learning-based next best action recommendation systems for financial risk and digital campaign targeting using predictive analytics

Collect and manipulate data to create risk management reports, explore reasons for high or low performance, and conduct other ad hoc analysis as needed

Qualifications:

A master's degree or higher in a quantitative field such as Financial Mathematics, Business Analytics, Financial Engineering, Statistics, Economics, or Data Science

Strong data querying skills using SQL, hands-on data analysis experience using SAS or Python or R

Strong predictive data modeling experience is required with proven application in applying Decision Trees, Regression analysis, and other data mining techniques

Good Knowledge and understanding of P&L for Consumer Lending product like Auto Loan, Personal Loan, Credit Card

1+ years of Analytics, Modeling, Financial Analysis, Reporting Experience preferred

Excellent verbal, written, interpersonal communication skills and written documentation skills

Solid understanding in data analysis and statistical modeling concept / framework / algorithm

Why Lithia?

We are an exciting, dynamic, and highly successful team that continues to grow and expand our footprint through acquisitions of new dealerships in many US markets. We are big community supporters and provide a fun, exciting, and collaborative work place where growth and advancement opportunities abound.

We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits package and all the tools you will need to be successful. Our offerings include:

Medical, Dental and Vision Plans

Paid Holidays & PTO

Short and Long-Term Disability

Paid Life Insurance

401(k) Retirement Plan

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Lithia Learning Center

Vehicle Purchase Discounts

Wellness Programs

Hiring Requirements

High School graduate or equivalent, 18 years or older

Possess an acceptable driving record and a valid driver’s license in your state of residence

We are an equal opportunity employer and a drug free work place. A criminal history background check and pre-employment drug screen will be conducted on the final candidate prior to beginning employment.
