Job Description:

Job Description

The Chief Data Science Organization (CDSO) is looking for a strong data engineer that has skills and experience to design, construct and use big data stores. Data engineers often wrestle with problems associated with database integration and messy, unstructured data sets. Their ultimate aim is to provide clean, usable data. For this position, the associate will use modeling concepts but will not build or deploy models.

If you love data and the challenge of learning and organizing data for analytics, we’d like to talk to you. This position involves acquiring and learning data, as well as developing design artifacts such as entity relationship diagrams, metadata, and user documentation. The role will take direction and work with CDSO product owners. The role will be responsible for the development, enhancement and smooth operation of data products that provide benefit to key analytic and regulatory stakeholders.

Key Responsibilities

Design, build, test and maintain huge data stores (files, tables on Teradata or Hadoop or UNIX file system)

Tell the story about the data, including basic statistics

Research opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data

Develop data that is useful for other analysts

Provide data that are friendly, trustworthy and high quality

Employ a variety of languages and tools to marry systems together

Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality

Collaborate with data architects, modelers and team members on project goals

Document and teach about the data (metadata, logical models, source to target mapping)

Required Business Skills for Data Engineers

Creative Problem-Solving: Approach data organization challenges with a clear eye on what is important; employing the right approach/methods to make the maximum use of time and human resources.

Effective Collaboration: Carefully listen to business partners, analysts, and data architects to establish their needs.

Financial Knowledge: Understand basic banking processes and products. Deep knowledge of one area preferred. Understand policies and processes about how data can be collected, analyzed and utilized.

Discipline and Organization: Apply structure and order to communication and documentation and change management for CDSO data products. Minimize risk by following best practices for data management.

Required Technical Skills

Degree demonstrating training and experience in data design and use (e.g., Information Science, Information Technology, Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Finance, Economics, Operations Research)

2+ years of related work experience, such as data mining, or exceptional academic background

SQL

Logical data modeling

Information architecture

Strong attention to detail

Basic statistical analysis

Software Engineering

SharePoint Content Creation

Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, Powerpoint,Visio)

Desired Skills

5+ years of experience in data analysis and design

SAS skills

Accessing data on Hadoop

Agile Methodology and Artifacts

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week:

40
