Who We Are

Sensor Tower is the leading solution for mobile marketers, app developers, and industry analysts who demand superior competitive insights into the mobile market economy and are looking to increase app downloads through app store optimization.

We serve independent and Fortune 500 customers alike, spanning the mobile games, travel & hospitality, music, finance, and broadcast entertainment markets. Our suite of products consist of free, “SMB”, and Enterprise-tiered solutions including Store Intelligence, Usage Intelligence, Ad Intelligence, and App Intelligence.

We are a privately held company headquartered in San Francisco and was a member of AngelPad’s startup incubator program in 2013. Our insights are cited by the world’s leading news and finance publications, including the Wall Street Journal, The New York Times, Forbes, Fortune, Bloomberg, CNBC, The Washington Post, and Reuters.

Role Summary

We are looking for a hands-on thinker to help harvest new insights from our constantly growing foundation of quantitative information.

As a Data Scientist at Sensor Tower, you will be responsible to analyze data processing problems and implement the machine learning models for Ruby; Prototype machine learning models in R, Python or Ruby; Work with MongoDB, and statistical analysis techniques to create efficient queries for receiving the data used in the models and storing results; Write tests for the implementation of machine learning models; Work with front-end engineers to generate a dashboard that monitors accuracy metrics for said machine learning models; Monitor data inputs for any anomalies and resolve their issues; Conduct ad-hoc data analysis based on requests from the Sales, CSM or Contents team; Present results of various data analysis. Skills in using R, Python or Ruby, MongoDB, Excel, and PowerPoint will be required.

Requirements

Master’s degree in Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science

A passion for data analysis and presentation of data insights

Ability to communicate effectively with technical developers and non-technical marketing business partners

Programming experience (R, Python or Ruby)

Experience implementing machine learning algorithms

Good working knowledge of MongoDB or similar DB technologies

Knowledge of statistical analysis toolsets (SAS, R, MATLAB) and techniques

Strong proficiency with one or more statistical visualization or graphing toolkits

Sensor Tower is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.

We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
