Position Purpose:

As Data Scientist, you will play a key role in developing and implementing innovative solutions which will help us deliver maximum benefit to our customers in the form of improved sleep and sleep data-based insights. Specifically, you will be involved in a broad range of tasks from design and implementation of machine learning and deep learning algorithms, to cloud integration, optimization and benchmarking with an emphasis on accuracy, scale and performance.

Primary Responsibilities:

Design, develop, implement, and maintain deep learning algorithms for next-generation bed platform.

Develop distributed applications, platform infrastructure, and interface to solve large-scale processing problems.

Prototype custom big-data applications using scalable cloud/GPU platforms.

Work with embedded and cloud-based software engineering teams to scale and operationalize prototyped concepts and to ensure successful implementation and deployment of algorithms.

Prototype and build analytics dashboards.

Stay abreast of latest data science developments and determine if/how these can best be incorporated in our designs.

Qualifications/Requirements:

BS or higher in mathematics, computer science, or similar field.

Minimum 3 years of machine learning and data science experience

Strong organizational and problem-solving skills.

Strong hands-on experience in the development of deep learning solutions.

Deep understanding of mathematical foundations of machine learning algorithms and platforms

Proficient in Python and Matlab.

Familiarity with all stages of the product development cycle. Experience maintaining engineering best practices, including defect tracking, design reviews, and appropriate testing.

Strong organizational and problem-solving skills.

Pragmatic, product-oriented approach.

Ability to work cross-functionally with minimal supervision.

#SIQL

Sleep Number is an equal opportunity employer, committed to recruiting, hiring and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, regardless of sex; race; color; creed; national origin; religion; age; marital status; pregnancy; physical, mental, communicative or sensory disability; sexual orientation; gender identity or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law.
