Job Description

Publicis COSMOS is a new class of Cognitive Customer Intelligence for Big Data powered by A.I. and ML algorithms. Publicis COSMOS provides our global customers with a collection of best-in-class cloud solutions for marketing, analytics, advertising, and data intelligence. All integrated on a cloud platform purposely built to help brands better engage with their customers across channel and devices.

The COSMOS team is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to work directly with COSMOS client teams to deliver end-to-end data science consulting engagements using our state of the art COSMOS solutions including COSMOS Identity and Entity Resolution, COSMOS Data Hub, and COSMOS A.I. The Data Scientist should also own the development and stewardship of industry-leading solutions and capabilities.

You should be passionate about finding insights in large datasets, synthesizing and communicating results of analysis, driving practical business impact, and provide engaging narratives with data. You will be responsible, along with other account leads, to ensure successful delivery for clients.

You welcome the challenge of big data and are proficient in Azure ML, Python, C#, Graph Databases, deterministic and probabilistic modeling, anomaly detection, graph databases, social network analysis (SNA) and statistical modeling. You must be self-driven, take initiative and want to work in a dynamic, fast moving, and innovative group.

You will work directly with the COSMOS Platform team and clients as part of Publicis COSMOS Professional Services to deliver strategic projects and Customer Intelligence Initiatives.

Qualifications

Core Responsibilities:

Develop a strong understanding of the clients' business, current digital marketing initiatives, and customer experience goals. Actively work toward insights and recommendations that will help the team deliver solutions to meet these goals

Perform hands-on analysis of large volumes of web analytics, transaction, customer data, second and third party data. Work with complex data structure, manipulate, cleanse data and perform statistical analysis

Educate clients and fellow team members about implications of customer Insights

Mentor junior data science team members

Serve as a Publicis COSMOS evangelist delivering effective thought leadership

Work with project teams to translate client requests into analytic work plans

Participate in and support delivery of presentations to clients in senior positions (Director level to CXO level)

Strong experience in Predictive and Prescriptive Modeling on Azure

Be superb at time management and management of supporting analyst teams

Perform advanced statistical analysis and multivariate statistical analysis (regression and simple segmentation)

Interpret data and analyze results to generate insights, and communicate these insights to clients in an engaging and clear manner

Extract data and actionable insights from a variety of client sources and systems, find probabilistic and deterministic matches across second and third-party data sources, and complete exploratory data analysis

Create engaging and meaningful data visualizations of findings linked to clear client business impact

Expertise in predictive analytics/statistical modeling/data mining/machine learning algorithms and techniques (clustering, regression, multivariate testing, classification)

Proven capability to deliver end-to-end analyses by asking the right questions, extracting data, and building predictive models to ensure actionable results

Strong passion for understanding key business problems, bringing together a team to understand data/ instrumentation needs and/or mine through data to unearth deep insights into customer experiences

Excellent communication & interpersonal skills with an ability to communicate ideas, insights and complicated analysis effectively at all organizational levels, include engineering leadership

Design and Implementation of refinery data product using Spark, Map-Reduce, Hive, HDFS, Spring, Hibernate and Java

Experience with NOSQL database Neo4J, MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase and Orient DB

Design and implementation of data product on Hadoop using Titan, Tinker-pop, HBase, Gremlin and Java

Proven track record of problem solving and using experiment driven approaches

Experience with large scale distributed databases and computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, or HDInsight

Expertise with statistical software packages like R, MatLab, NumPy, SciPy, or SAS

Experience with CPE initiatives for large scale services is desire

Minimum Qualifications:

MS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, or equivalent education/professional experience is required.

5+ years in a data science role with demonstrable experience

Deep experience in machine learning with Spark and Azure Machine Learning and Cognitive Services

Knowledge of IBM Informix

Azure Cloud experience

Strong experience in at least one database technology (i.e. Graph Database like OrionDB, SQL Server, Redshift, etc.)

Experience with one or more web analytics tools (Google Analytics, etc.)

Strong experience in at least one programming language (i.e. C#, Python, R).

Experience implementing and automating models

Experience with data modeling and normalization concepts.

Experience architecting and building data marts, warehouses, etc.

Experience working with different query languages (i.e. PL-SQL, T-SQL)

Understanding and experience working with cloud infrastructure services like Azure and Amazon Web Services. Azure preferred.

Experience working with code repositories and continuous integration (i.e. Git, Jenkins, etc.)

Graph database experience a plus

Understanding of development and project methodologies

Ability to work collaboratively in teams with other specialized individuals, and with team members located remotely and locally

Able to work in a fast-paced, technical environment.

Good verbal and written communication skills

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
