COMPANY OVERVIEW:

As long as there are people who make the world a better place, we'll keep making a difference for them. Since 1918, it has been TIAA's mission to serve those who serve others. It is this mission and the values we embrace that make us a different kind of financial services organization.

When you work here at TIAA, you're not just in it for yourself. You are part of something bigger. A collective mission to make a difference - a collective mission we make our own.

To be difference makers.

For more information about TIAA, visit our website.

POSITION SUMMARY:

TIAA’s Customer Insights, Brand and Digital Analytics Team is in need of a Data Scientist with a strong quantitative background to assist in measuring media effectiveness and developing actionable insights to support data driven decision making in Marketing and Advertising. This individual will partner with analytics team members and marketing business partners across the Marketing organization to define, design, and build solutions and processes in support of a wide variety of marketing analytics initiatives.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:

End-to-end support of marketing mix modeling in collaboration with model owners

This includes the development of supporting routines, validation, maintenance, and associated results reporting

Development of statistical and/or machine learning models to support the needs of key marketing analytics initiatives

Research and application of technical methods to support diverse business needs.

Working with business partners and team members to define scope, methods and deliverable insights in response to ongoing and ad hoc requests

Identify opportunities to introduce new data or improve the use of existing data.

Participate in technical review discussions, providing support as needed

Communicating results and insights to audiences with varied technical backgrounds

QUALIFICATIONS:

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree

3+ years of experience using SAS, R, Python or similar programing languages

Desired Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in computer science, statistics or a related quantitative field

Experience with SQL or related query language

Experience with Tableau or other BI/visualization tool

Experience communicating technical results with non-technical audiences

Knowledge of the financial services industry would be an advantage
