What We'll Bring:

At TransUnion, we have a welcoming and energetic environment that encourages collaboration and innovation we’re consistently exploring new technologies and tools to be agile. This environment gives our people the opportunity to hone current skills and build new capabilities, while discovering their genius.

Come be a part of our team – you’ll work with great people, pioneering products and cutting-edge technology.

What You'll Bring:

Master’s or PhD degree in statistics, applied mathematics, financial mathematics, engineering, operations research, or another highly quantitative field.

At least one (1) year of professional experience performing analytic work in Financial Services or related industries

Strong proficiency with a statistical language such as R or SAS

Experience and demonstrated success in client-facing roles over a period of at least one (1) year

Ability to travel 10-20%

We’d Love to See:

Experience using other programming and data manipulation languages preferred (SQL, Hive, Pig, Python, C/C++, Java)

Impact You'll Make:

This position is responsible for developing credit risk management and business intelligence analytic solutions through consulting engagements and research serving TransUnion’s clients.

You will collaborate with internal and external cross-functional teams to drive new business initiatives and deliver long-term value-added product propositions for B2B customers in the US financial services segment at TransUnion.

This includes but is not limited to the development of predictive risk management and business intelligence solutions for credit card issuers, auto & mortgage lenders, collections agencies and retail banks.

You will lead analytic client engagements involving descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analysis through the consumer lending portfolio lifecycle, leveraging a variety of techniques (e.g., segmentation, logistic regression, survival analysis, principal component analysis, Monte Carlo simulation, scenario and sensitivity analysis).

You will design and write programs for data extraction, segmentation and statistical analysis on large population datasets using languages such as R, SAS, SQL, Hive, and Pig on Linux, PC, and mainframe computing platforms.

You will deliver analytic insights and recommendations in succinct and compelling presentations for internal and external customers and an executive audience.

You will develop project proposals, sales presentations and promotional collateral to enable the adoption of integrated customer solutions supported by TransUnion.

You will identify strategies and opportunities for customers to test and adopt TransUnion’s analytic products and services.

You will foster a high performance culture and cultivate an environment that promotes excellence and reflects the TransUnion brand.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.

TransUnion's Internal Job Title:

Sr Analyst, Data Science and Analytics
