Adperio is an agency on the forefront of digital marketing, with enterprise solutions and technology for brands and apps across web and mobile channels. Come join us and see why we were awarded in top 15 Best Small Companies to Work for in Colorado, as well as a Top 100 Digital Company in Colorado. We are a passionate group of individuals who thrive on collaboration and teamwork, if you are ready to Think Bigger with us, this is an opportunity for you!

Adperio is seeking a dynamic team player to join our company as a Data Scientist Intern. This individual has the ability to query and analyse large data sets for insights on the traffic delivered by digital publishers to improve overall compliance efforts across the network. The ideal candidate will bring curiosity and a methodological approach to explore questions and theories about the digital marketing data, help design and establish new metrics, and leverage the data in instructive storytelling to key stakeholders in the business.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Query and analyse large data sets including click logs and conversion reports.

Given a data set and questions and/or theories to answer and test, will work independently to arrive at conclusions..

Will report findings in a clear manner the questions asked, the methodology used, and the findings.

Establish new metrics to analyse over time to identify suspicious and fraudulent digital traffic.

Through simulations, establish predictive statistics and algorithms against live traffic.

Help build the next iteration of business intelligence and automated fraud protection for Adperio.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Comfortable manipulating and analyzing data from varying sources

Ability to gather data from multiple sources and compile into a single output for presentation layer

A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions with data

A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision

Knowledge of both relational and non-relational database structures

Experience with AWS Redshift, PostgreSQL or other data stores

Experience with SQL a plus.

Knowledge of digital marketing a plus.

Ability to work independently with minimal supervision, as well as in a team environment.

Proficiency communicating complex ideas to team members.

Detail oriented, well organized, able to thrive in deadline driven environment
