Morgan Stanley Services

Group seeks a Vice President, Data Scientist, in New York, New York

Serve as a data scientist within the internal audit data

analytics team. Collaborate closely with data analysts, audit colleagues, and

other analytics teams at Morgan Stanley in order to develop predictive models

to identify high risk areas of focus. Work with both supervised and

unsupervised machine learning algorithms in order to develop risk ranking

models, process large volumes of unstructured text, and present alternative

ways to challenge existing models developed by the business. Work with machine

learning techniques, familiarity with open source packages in Python, and

handle multiple deliverables. Extract insights from advanced analytics and

present results in business context by explaining to a non-technical audience.

Prepare and source from multiple sources and work in a Cloudera big data

environment.

Requirements:

PhD in Physics,

Mathematics, Data Science, or related quantitative field of study and two (2)

years of experience in the position offered or two (2) years of experience as an

Associate, Compliance Analytics, Quantitative Researcher, or related occupation.

Requires two (2) years of experience with: serving as a data scientist or in an

analytic capacity in a Risk, Compliance, or Internal Audit department working

on model development; R or Python statistics; machine learning techniques

including logistic regression, random forest, neural networks, k-means, and

principal component analysis; unstructured text analytics including natural

language processing (NLP); data extraction and manipulation techniques

including SQL; importing data into a Hadoop environment; QlikView, Tableau, and

UNIX commands.

In the

alternative, will accept Master’s in Physics, Mathematics, Data Science or

related quantitative field of study and five (5) years of experience in the

positon offered or as an Associate, Compliance Analytics, Quantitative

Researcher, or related occupation

Qualified Applicants: To apply, visit us at http://www.morganstanley.com/about/careers/careersearch.html

Scroll down and enter 3137255 as the “Job Number” and click “Search jobs.” No calls please. EOEMorgan

Stanley Use Only: *LI-DNI
