The Data Scientist will work with the Principal Investigator (PI) in designing, testing, and validating algorithms and models for data analysis, providing data visualization of analyzed results, for various ongoing life sciences projects. The successful applicant will use professional bioinformatics, computer science, and data science concepts as well as computational research and development principles, and assist in additional analyses as needed to achieve research objectives. Develops and optimizes a variety of computational, data science, and CI research tools and components. Performs research on current and future HPC, data, and CI technologies, hardware and software projects. Works on algorithm development, optimization, programming, performance analysis and / or benchmarking assignments of moderate scope where the tasks involve knowledge of data science and bioinformatics.

MEDICINE / CARDIOLOGY / ARNAOUT LABORATORY

The Arnaout laboratory studies deep and machine learning for biomedical imaging and related clinical data, with the goals of decreasing diagnostic error and developing and scaling novel phenotypes to drive precision medicine research.

UCSF is a top-10 medical center and a leader in cross-campus efforts to mine, harmonize, and analyze multi-modal clinical data for the University of California’s 15 million patients.

The Arnaout laboratory is part of both the Bakar Computational Health Sciences Institute, where the abovementioned efforts are based, and the nationally ranked Department of Medicine (DOM). Projects focus on deep learning for medical imaging, and through collaborative work with intra- and inter-institutional partners, touch the electronic health record, genetics, and other sources of data.

ABOUT UCSF

The University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It is the only campus in the 10-campus UC system dedicated exclusively to the health sciences.
