Citizenship: Must be a US Citizen

Clearance Required: Must be able to pass a background investigation

THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON CONTRACT AWARD

Job Summary

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) is responsible for lawful immigration to the United States. USCIS administers the nation’s lawful immigration, safeguarding its integrity and promise by efficiently and fairly adjudicating requests for immigration benefits while protecting Americans, securing the Homeland, and honoring our values.

One of USCIS’ main strategic objectives is continuous improvement of its operations and migration to the electronic intake and adjudication of the immigration benefits – the eProcessing initiative. The mission of the USCIS Office of the Chief Data Officer (CDO) is to ensure that the agency makes timely, high-quality data available to internal and external stakeholders to fulfill the mission of the agency. In that capacity, the CDO office is aligned with the OPQ mission of providing relevant, accurate, and data-driven analyses enabling USCIS to make effective, data-driven decisions.

Roles and Responsibilities

Provide expert leadership and guidance.

Responsible for leading the overall development of data models and algorithms to support machine learning.

Other duties as assigned.

Education, Experience, and Skills

Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related subject.

Must have five (5) years of experience leading data science efforts.

Physical Requirements / Travel

Normal office environment.

No travel expected.

Azimuth Overview

Azimuth is an award-winning Woman Owned Small Business specializing in providing research and development and professional services support to the federal government. Azimuth's agility, customer driven approach and our commitment to our employees allows us to meet and exceed our client goals. Excellence, Integrity,

Accountability, Community and Humility are the core values of Azimuth as we continue to strive as a recognized leader in the management consulting

community that both federal agencies and industry partners value doing business with. We are an organization that offers both our employees and clients an exceptional experience; our culture will be contagious, while always maintaining a genuine reputation.

Disclaimer

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

Azimuth Corporation does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor.
