Company: Powdr Corp

Location: Park City, UT

POWDR is an adventure lifestyle company with offices in Park City, UT and Louisville, CO. Founded in 1993, POWDR's mission is to deliver memorable experiences, enhance people's lives, and have fun doing it. Within POWDR's portfolio are nine mountain resorts, including Copper Mountain and Eldora Mountain Resort in Colorado; Killington Mountain and Pico Mountain in Vermont; Boreal Mountain Resort and Soda Springs in the Lake Tahoe region of California; Mt. Bachelor in Oregon; Snowbird in Utah; and Lee Canyon in Nevada.

Also in POWDR's portfolio are the Woodward camps and progression centers, which include Woodward Copper at Copper Mountain, Woodward PA, Woodward Tahoe, Woodward West in Stallion Springs, CA, and Woodward Riviera Maya. New locations are on the horizon including Woodward Park City expected to open for winter 2019/20.

POWDR fuels participation in the adventure lifestyle with a collection of festivals, competitions, and branded events. Outside Television, based in Westport, CT, is the national active, outside-lifestyle programming network subsidiary of POWDR, Sun Country Tours in Oregon is the company's river rafting outfitter, and Powderbirds, based out of Snowbird in Utah, is POWDR's heli-adventure operator.

Summary:

POWDR is undergoing a digital transformation and data is at the heart of it all. We are looking for a data scientist/engineer who will be responsible for continuously improving our approach to data management, data governance, and data architecture. This is a high visibility role as understanding our business, industry, and customers are key to POWDR's success. You will work to understand the data needs of our customers and our internal business users and develop strategies to address those needs. You will be working with the POWDR leadership team, resort GMs, financial leads, marketing leads, and the rest of the POWDR technology team.

Expectations:

Oversee the design, architecture, implementation, and maintenance of our data warehouse and data pipelines

Demonstrate servant-leadership and take ownership of our data management approach

Garner buy-in for your vision and roadmap from stakeholders and executives

Think strategically, proactively seeking opportunities and proposing solutions

Use agile methodologies to continuously improve and refine POWDR's data management approach

Partner with multiple business units to discover and prioritize opportunities

Analyze internal user and customer experience trends and drivers

Manage and work with 3rd party partners and contractors

Identify, analyze, and research opportunities for customer growth and expansion through data

Understand the needs of our customers and how we might leverage data to improve the customer experience

Ensure user stories are implemented consistently with the desired business and user outcomes

Work collaboratively with finance, marketing, and POWDR leadership to gather requirements, design end-to-end solutions, and implement sustainable maintenance strategies

Work with the existing data team of consultants to research, analyze, design, and implement data management solutions

Define and communicate formal standards, policies, and processes regarding data stewardship

Create and execute on a strategic roadmap for measuring, enhancing, and sustaining data quality improvements

Promote sharing and consistent use of data throughout the company

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

At least 4 years' experience as a data scientist or engineer. Product management experience a plus.

Proven experience working with data warehouses, including data warehouse technical architectures, infrastructure components, ETL/ELT, and reporting/analytic tools and environments.

Experience in at least one high level OO programming language. Experience with Python preferred.

Experience with automated workflows. Experience with Airflow preferred.

Experience with Amazon Web Services and Snowflake Data Warehouse strongly preferred.

Ability to provision, optimize, and maintain data feeds to external systems.

Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working with a variety of databases.

Ability to distill complex requirements down into actionable strategies.

Strong analytical and process skills.

Team oriented: ability to motivate and work well with diverse and cross-functional teams.

Passionate about delivering value to the business through the power of data management

Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field. Master's degree preferred.
