If you are interested in a contract job working on site, please send me a word resume. Must be able to work for my company directly. Must be able to work on a W2 for my company only. Can be from out of the area but relocate at your own expense. Job number B1440 Title Data Analyst Location Cambridge, MA 02142 Duration 18 months Rate $81hr. w2 Process: Phone + Onsite Scientific / genomic application experience necessary. 1-2 years Bioinformatics experience Responsibilities for the role include: • Develop RShiny/RSConnect applications for the reporting of scientific results to stakeholders • Collaborating closely with researchers to develop performant web applications for effectively displaying the results of our data analysis pipelines • Be able to create bioinformatics workflows based on scientific requirements. Characteristics and Qualifications: • Ability to write clean, modern R and Python • Experience developing RShiny applications • Comfortable with data science and computational biology tools • Familiarity with scientific domain, specifically genomics • Eager to create scientific software and respond promptly to user issues or inquiries • Actively engages with team members to develop and refine software Strong AWS set up and install. High Performance Strong R Strong RShiny Job Requirements If you are interested in a contract job working on site, please send me a word resume. Must be able to work for my company directly. Must be able to work on a W2 for my company only. Can be from out of the area but relocate at your own expense. Job number B1440 Title Data Analyst Location Cambridge, MA 02142 Duration 18 months Rate $81hr. w2 Process: Phone + Onsite Scientific / genomic application experience necessary. 1-2 years Bioinformatics experience Responsibilities for the role include: • Develop RShiny/RSConnect applications for the reporting of scientific results to stakeholders • Collaborating closely with researchers to develop performant web applications for effectively displaying the results of our data analysis pipelines • Be able to create bioinformatics workflows based on scientific requirements. Characteristics and Qualifications: • Ability to write clean, modern R and Python • Experience developing RShiny applications • Comfortable with data science and computational biology tools • Familiarity with scientific domain, specifically genomics • Eager to create scientific software and respond promptly to user issues or inquiries • Actively engages with team members to develop and refine software Strong AWS set up and install. High Performance Strong R Strong RShiny
