Description

Job Requisition:

Data Scientist

Job Description:

Job Description: Leidos, with Operations in Columbia, MD, is looking for a Data Scientist to support requirements gathering, system & software specification, and development on an exciting new contract in support of the Department of Defense. The successful candidate will join a cross-functional agile development team of approximately 8 personnel. The Data Scientist will be supported by the Program Manager and a Lead Software Engineer to perform the following standard duties:

Lead the development of systems engineering documentation such as System Engineering Plans, Initial Capabilities Documents, Requirements specifications, and Interface Control Documents

Assist with the development of system requirements, functional requirements, and allocation of the same to individual hardware, software, facility, and personnel components

Derive lower-level requirements from higher-level allocated requirements that describe in detail the functions that a system component must fulfill, and ensure these requirements are complete, correct, unique, unambiguous, realizable, and verifiable

Participate in establishing and gaining approval of the definition of a system or component under development (requirements, designs, interfaces, test procedures, etc.) that provides a common reference point for hardware and software developers

Develops system design solution that satisfies the system requirements and fulfills the functional analysis

Base Qualifications:

A minimum of 12 years of experience as a Data Scientist

Bachelor’s Degree in a technical field is required

Ability to obtain a TS/SCI clearance with polygraph. An active clearance is preferred

Required Skills:

Expertise in architecting and designing solutions for complex software development projects, accounting for scalability, flexibility, performance, and security

Experience architecting solutions to automate manual processes; especially processes that require access to multiple data sources and date types

Experience working in agile or DevOps teams

Strong analysis and problem-solving skills

Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including experience working directly with customers to discuss their requirements and objectives

Desired Skills:

Experience making hardware design and procurement decisions accounting for cost, power, space, cooling, and capability constraints

Systems Administration experience working with Windows, UNIX, Linux, virtualization, containers, orchestration, and cm/scripting technologies

Software Engineering experience with Java/J2EE, Java Script, Angular 2+, REST/JAX/Soap Web Services, HTML5, Junit, and Unix/Linux

External Referral Bonus:

Eligible

Potential for Telework:

No

Clearance Level Required:

Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:

No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day

Requisition Category:

Professional

Job Family:

Systems Engineering

1000

Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
