We are looking to hire an analytic & insights Data Scientist to partner with the eBay core product team. As a critical member of the Product Insights team, this role will have the rare opportunity to influence decision-making of the Shipping Product roadmap with their insights and thought leadership.

With a vision to see opportunities to drive transformative change in the customer experience and result in significant business growth, we mine the largest datasets in the world of e-Commerce and use exclusive analytic and big data techniques to extract impactful insights. We achieve this by partnering closely with the product and engineering teams, and see opportunities that are accretive to the product roadmaps.

To be successful in this role:
Require the minimum of a bachelors degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business Administration or Business Analytics.
You would have to strike a balance between critical thinking and actual hands-on analyses using tools & packages such as SQL, R, Python, Tableau etc.
You possess super strong technical skills to turn big data in Teradata and Hadoop into actionable insights. At the same time, you also have the ability to think about the big picture and connect the dots to evaluate how the insights impact eBays ecosystem.
In addition to delivering insights on existing Product & Tech initiatives, you will come up with creative product growth opportunities based on insights, and build momentum through influence.
Enthusiastic collaboration and effective communication are essential
Additionally, the following background and experience is preferred:
Proven track record of turning insights into product growth opportunities in prior roles with increasing scope and responsibilities
Ability to present complex analyses and insights effectively in simple terms
Good experience with both descriptive and inferential statistics ability to build basic prototype models
Experience in a leading technology company
Background in ecommerce product experience
Masters degree is a plus.
Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing) is a plus
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
