Join a high performing and rapidly growing team

Valen Analytics is a rapidly expanding advanced data and predictive analytics company headquartered in downtown Denver. Valen’s state-of-the-art analytics and predictive modeling products are built on Valen’s unique industry-wide consortium data platform, specifically designed for property and casualty insurance carriers. If you want to help build an industry-changing company and you thrive in a fast-paced environment where the only rule is to WOW customers, colleagues and shareholders, then we encourage you to submit your resume. This is not a job. It is an opportunity to advance your career by helping to build an innovative, growing and highly respected organization. The right candidate will be entrepreneurial, driven and passionate about being successful and absolutely committed to making Valen successful.

You will be an integral part of Valen’s product development and delivery teams, working closely and collaboratively with Valen insurance domain experts, data analysts, engineers and customers. You will develop highly robust predictive models that provide significant and measurable results for our customers. Additionally, you will partner with the sales and marketing teams to perform and deliver modeling proof-of-concepts and retro-tests, as well as to help shape and deliver compelling product performance reads, product and concept education and value proposition messaging.

Responsibilities

Provide practical and technical expertise in the design and execution of Data Science solutions

Design sampling strategies that reflect the goals of the project

Monitor and assess model performance in production

Translate model prediction and statistics into strategies and metrics that are valued and understood by business executives

Apply new modeling techniques and research ideas to develop and deploy practical, innovative modeling solutions

Successfully balance R&D, product improvements and customer engagements in an agile environment

Education & Experience

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics or similar quantitative field

2+ years professional experience in an analytics role, focusing on statistical modeling or machine learning

2+ years hands-on experience with SAS, R, Python or similar statistical package

Experience in communicating modeling procedure and results to non-experts

Desired Qualifications

Master’s degree or higher in Statistics, Mathematics or similar quantitative field

Advanced competency and expertise in at least one Statistics Package (SAS, R, Python) with exposure in additional languages

Predictive modeling experience in the Insurance industry

Travel

Up to 10%

The Valen Team

Valen’s mission is to help our clients achieve their goals and solve problems by leveraging data to make more informed decisions.

Guide Customer Success: We relentlessly pursue making our customers successful.

Live the Golden Rule: We treat our customers, employees, vendors and shareholders how we expect to be treated as customers, employees, vendors and shareholders…period.

Be Agile: Valen is a test and learn environment. We organize everything we do around our customer’s success to provide something of value quickly. We learn and then adapt. Then, we learn some more.

Have Fun: We have great attitudes and we have FUN. We do not take ourselves too seriously, we celebrate our successes and we enjoy our work. Most of all, we live passionately.

Embrace Simplicity: We endeavor to make EVERYTHING we provide our customers ridiculously easy.

Expect Ownership: At Valen we take responsibility for our actions and we build trusting relationships by making and meeting our commitments.

To apply, please send your resume to careers@valen.com
