Description

Job Requisition:

Data Scientist

Job Description:

The Defense group at Leidos currently has an opening for a Data Scientist to work in Springfield, VA on the RECON project, in support of the NGA's Research Directorate. This is an exciting opportunity to work with cutting edge technology in an R&D environment and support critical warfighter missions.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for data curation and analysis of bias for a new dataset being used by multiple projects in NGA Research

Responsible for adapting a method supplied to NGA Research by ORNL for determining community networks

Test the methods performance against evaluation data (control city) and modify the method to use additional data streams at NGA.

Requirements:

10 years of experience and a MA/MS degree. Additional experience may be considered in lieu of a degree.

Active TS/SCI with CI Poly

Previous experience at NGA or working on the COE is required

Experience in Python, C++, and general data science is required

External Referral Bonus:

Eligible

Potential for Telework:

No

Clearance Level Required:

Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:

Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day

Requisition Category:

Professional

Job Family:

Data Scientist

4000

Defense

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
