Cadent powers the evolution of TV brand advertising. We provide marketers, agencies, operators, and media owners with data-driven solutions for buying and selling TV advertising. By connecting brands with opportunities across national inventory sources—cable, broadcast, and digital media—our technology improves efficiencies and boosts the results of linear, addressable, and cross-screen campaigns.

Right now we are looking for a highly motivated Data Scientist who will be responsible for the applying scientific methods to identify business optimization strategies, developing, evaluating and demonstrating prototypes of empirical software including but not limited to machine learning, signal processing and optimization based numerical methods.

Data Scientists collaborate directly with the Business Intelligence, Data Engineering and Development team members to productize research as reporting and business software. This is a critical mathematical engineering role whose work is leveraged by other engineers and by senior executives to define the future of Cadent.

Our ideal player will:

Design, train and apply statistics, mathematical models, and machine learning techniques to create scalable solutions for predictive learning, forecasting and optimization

Work with Software development team to deploy models as micro-services leveraged inside of business software products

Monitor, maintain, and refine predictive models as necessary, including re-training

Work with product team to align software goals with KPI’s via empirical measure of effectiveness

Participate in the agile / scrum process

Follow the CRISP-DM process to generate robust documentation associated with iterative work

Present results to technical and business stakeholders.

Collaborate effectively with other members of the engineering research team and broader data services group including but not limited to Data Engineers, Analytics Engineers, Performance Engineers, Software Engineers and Business Intelligence analysts

Our ideal player will have:

M.S. or higher in computer science, mathematics or related discipline with a focus on machine learning or the equivalent of 4 years of experience in machine learning, forecasting and

Practical expertise building evaluating and deploying machine learning pipelines as with python, preferably with the scikit-learn ecosystem

Experience with SQL, accessing and organizing data drawn from relational databases

Experience in cloud computing ecosystems (preferably in AWS)

Practical experience in deep learning architectures and frameworks is a plus

Proven background answering open ended research questions using data

Experience with computational statistics and understanding of theoretical fundamentals of statistics

Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability.

Fundamental understanding of the mathematical workings of standard feature engineering and machine learning algorithms.

Demonstrated communication skills including the ability switch between technical and business contexts.

Preferably a background in software development

Extra Credit if you have:

Media Experience

AWS

If the leading edge of media technology is the place you want to be, please contact us today and let’s start the conversation!

/CADENT/ is an EOE M/F/D/V. We do not work with 3rd Party Staffing Agencies.
