Swoon is looking for a Senior Marketing Data Analyst to join our client’s marketing team in Scottsdale, Arizona. As a Senior Marketing Data Analyst, you will be supporting the team through web analytics, modelling, forecasting, and reporting of ad campaigns, media, spend and performance of the company’s website and marketing automation initiatives. What you will be doing: Assists Marketing leaders with defining analytical solutions to marketing issues and participates in the implementation of the resulting projects from inception to delivery. Develop complex SQL queries and other data extraction techniques to prepare data for analysis. Utilizes SQL logic and other data extraction techniques to prepare data for analysis and leverages a variety of digital analytics and analytical, data mining techniques to arrive at robust validated results. Performs the analysis, exploring all appropriate options, and performing constant validation against existing data/reporting throughout. Helps design, develop, monitor, and/or maintain analysis and reporting solutions. Helps develop any presentations for the communication of results to marketing stakeholders. Identifies opportunities to turn analyses into ongoing reporting and suggest prototypes for Marketing to use for report automation. Assists in meetings between Marketing, Business Intelligence, CRM, and IT to ensure appropriate communication. Helps serve as data steward of data generated from Google Analytics, Marketing Automation and other digital marketing activities (e.g. Search, Social, Video) to validate high profile or external data to ensure accurate reporting. Identifies process improvement opportunities via data analysis. Communicates results to the Marketing team What you need to know: Bachelor’s Degree required in Economics, Math, Computer Science or related field required. 5+ years of experience in web analytics, data gathering, data organization, and analysis required Experience managing or mentoring junior team members is a plus Intermediate to Advanced SQL querying skills required Intermediate to Advanced Google Analytics skills required Advanced working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Access Visual Basic/VBA skills a plus Business Objects/Business Intelligence experience preferred Familiarity with advanced analytical tools, such as SAS, is preferred Excellent written and oral communication skills, especially in conveying technical concepts to non-technical audiences Strong attention to detail to ensure accuracy and provide validation of results Strong analytical skills and ability to identify appropriate analytical approaches depending on the business need. At Swoon, we form relationships, not just connections, and we pride ourselves on our contractor care initiatives. We have been recognized as “Best of Staffing” for four consecutive years and the “Best Staffing Firm to Temp For” 2019, 2018, 2017,2015, 2014. Are you ready to be Swoon’d?
