We are a digitally native company where innovation, design, and engineering meet scale. We use the latest technologies in the digital and cognitive field to empower organizations in every aspect.

We want you to join us to work for the biggest clients in tech, retail, travel, banking, e-commerce and media, revolutionizing and growing their core businesses while helping them (and you!) stay ahead of the curve. Be part of a company with the most cutting-edge practices and technologies plus a unique team.

WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR?

If you are a Senior Data Scientist you know your way around Data Sets and you have a solid understanding of Python/Deep knowledge in Machine Learning techniques we want to meet you.

YOU’LL GET THE CHANCE TO:

Apply data & analytical skills to help understand how customers use products.

Partner closely with product leadership to define, measure and report on the core product and feature metrics.

Design customer-facing experiments (A/B tests) and distill their results into actionable outcomes.

Execute cohort studies and drive analyses to understand customer behavior and identify opportunities for improving the product(s).

Collaborate with data and business intelligence teams to develop reports and visualization dashboards.

Build financial models to project key business metrics - Traffic, conversion, Engagement - and develop KPIs to measure initiative performance.

WHAT WILL HELP YOU SUCCEED:

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on numerical solutions and product development.

Good communication skills.

Strong understanding of marketing and financial concepts.

Expertise in frequentist inference and computational statistics applications.

Deep knowledge and experience in supervised Machine Learning techniques for numerical and categorical like: regression, decision trees, support vector machines, neural networks, random forest, boosting and other ensemble methods.

Re-sampling techniques.

Understanding of Numerical Optimization algorithms.

5+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models.

Understanding of Deep Learning concepts.

TOOLS:

Python - NumPy, Pandas, Jupyter, Scipy, sckit-learn, Matplotlib / Plotly / etc.

SQL, Hive.

NoSQL

GIT

DESIRED SKILLS / EDUCATION:

Google Cloud Platform highly desired.

Spark / MLLib.

TensorFlow, Theano, Caffe or other Deep Learning frameworks.

University degree in numerical related field.

Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics or Computer Science highly desired.

We are interested in hard-working, fast-learning talents and we have the know-how and scale to help you make your own career path. If you seek an entrepreneurial, flexible and team-oriented culture, come join us.

We are ready.
