Your tasks and responsibilities

The primary responsibilities of the Data Science Intern, are to:

Utilize new technologies and collaborate closely with team members and partners within the business.

Responsibilities may include building and validating predictive models incorporating key breeding data, soil, weather and environmental data. Demonstrate the application of the models and deploy them to stakeholders.

Data Science roles in the past have specified into Image Science, Operations Research, Data Visualization, Genomics, Geospatial and other disciplines.

Internship opportunities for this assignment include Spring/Summer of 2020.

Who you are

Your success will be driven by your demonstration of our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possesses the following:

Required Qualifications:

Current enrollment at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign

Advanced degree MS/PhD student in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, or Computational Biology

Proficiency in Machine Learning and Statistics algorithms and concepts (Mixed Models, Random Forest, Deep Learning, SVM, etc.)

Strong programming skills in R, Python, SQL, Java or Linux

Experience with cloud computing such as Hadoop and Spark

Problem solving ability and experience in analyzing and presenting complex data

Organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills

Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts

Ability to communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise and actionable manner

Detail and results oriented with the ability to work independently

Able to work 10-20 hours per week if interning during the semester; able to work 40 hours per week if interning during the summer.

Preferred Qualifications:

 Willingness to extend own data science and statistical interests to agriculture and/or experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data.

Your application

Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs. If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and you have the "Passion to Innovate" and the "Power to Change", we encourage you to apply now. Job postings will remain open for a minimum of ten business days and are subject to immediate closure thereafter without additional notice. To all recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.

Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact information below.

Country: United States

Location: IL-Champaign

Functional Area: [sap_fa_35]

Entry Level: 1
