Senior Data Scientist Active Secret clearance Our client seeking an experienced Senior Data Scientist with a positive attitude and a willingness to take the initiative. The ideal candidate will support the daily technical activities of the cyber branch of a national government agency. You will be working to drive improvements to the quality of an international government agencyrsquos situational awareness, risk assessment, strategy, and decision making over the mid- to long-term horizon through the application of data science and analytics to improve organizational performance throughout the Alliance. About Client Our client is a global information technology company that stays on top of cutting-edge technology and works throughout many diverse industries. There are excellent opportunities to expand your skills and to work with some of the top IT talent in the industry. Job Key Responsibilities The Contractor shall contribute to the development of new deliverables and urging emerging work stands and ensure the dissemination of the resulting products. The Contractor will support the aforementioned, with focus on the following Technical expertise in Branch regarding the application of data science and analytics to strategic alternatives. Leverages various statistical techniques to identify patterns within large data sets to make predictions and enterprise- oriented suggestions. Utilizes predictive modeling to increase and optimize the effects of Warfare Development.? Strategies to identify patterns within large data sets, make predictions based on data science, and provide corresponding recommendations to senior leadership. Simplifies and communicates key findings and insights to senior leadership and draws implications for work organization-wide. Predictions based on data science. This line of effort consists of working alongside key stakeholders to develop and execute data- science strategies over the long-term. This includes both strategies for data science, e.g., how to scale the use of data science in support of every level of decision-making) and strategies informed by data science, e.g., the use of data science to support the development and translation of policy between HQ and the Command Structure. Metrics that improve agencyrsquos ability to assess effects in the mid- to long- term horizon. Doing so includes the development of comprehensive analytical and mapping capabilities to identify or predict relevant, feasible, and potential challenges and opportunities to agency and partners. Performs other job related duties as requested. In addition, the completion of the following tasks is also required to support partnership-related efforts at HQ SACT. The Contractor must be granted base access and possess a NATO SECRET clearance to complete all of the requirements Analyze emerging trends throughout the international system. Produce point papers, documents, briefings and final reports with a high degree of proficiency and efficiency as directed by established deadline. Support the implementation of findings and in ACT programs of work and, where appropriate, liaise with other NATO bodies. Populate, update and administrate the digital library. Provide support to the team for conferences and other events. Fulfill further specific tasks directed by the Branch Head or the COTR in support of SPP collaborative efforts and other partnership related work strands. Job Must Haves Four years (within the last seven years) experience conducting predictive analytics using data science (big data) and providing advice on relevant issues in the field of data science. Demonstrate experience in preparation and development of FOGO or civilian equivalent briefings, background papers, reports, and speeches. Valid NATO SECRET security clearance or national equivalent with NATO eligibility. Professional experience in the area international relations and security studies. M.A. degree in a data science or related field. SOUND LIKE YOU? For more information you can contact Gina Dilusant at (732) 637-1900 or at applyencodeinc.com mailtoapplyencodeinc.com quoting Job Reference 2649 or alternatively, apply here httpwww.encodeinc.comcareersjob2458apply.html to register your interest. About Encode We embrace the philosophy that we have (2) clients. You are onehellipthe uniquely skilled resource and the end-client is our second client. We collaborate with both you and the end-client to ensure we have a career enhancing, financially attractive assignment for you and an innovative, problem solving skilled technical resource for the end client. Things we excel at Direct client relationships Client feedback on resume submissions (3-5 days) Client feedback on interviews (2-4 days) Regular updates from dedicated Encode coverage team Quickseamless onboarding Direct deposits Benefits Qualified profit-sharing plan Let a career minded, dedicated professional work for you. Call me. Industry Information Technology Services Employment Type Contract Employee Type This role is for a federal client. Candidates must be U.S. Citizens with Active Secret Clearance Job Functions Engineering Information Technology Start asap Duration 1 years + likely extensions through 2022 Location Norfolk, VA
