Description

The Senior Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional leverages large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. The Senior Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.

Responsibilities

The Senior Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional collaborates with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. Researches and evaluates new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. Develops and validates statistical forecasting models and tools. Interprets and communicates analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers. Begins to influence department’s strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments.

Humana is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support the Provider Payment Integrity & Claims Cost Management areas. This department is responsible for evaluating claims and uncovering overpayment opportunities. In this role, you will develop and validate statistical forecasting models and tools to help find overpayment opportunities, insights and recommendation for improvements to reduce admin cost related to vendor operations.

Key responsibilities of the Senior Data Scientist may include:

Address and analyze claims as well as build tools for the department to provide data/insights into the rest of the Humana organization for Trend Committees, Corporate Finance, and Actuarial.

Ability to present information regarding insights/project status/new concepts to senior leadership.

Collaborate with operational teams to understand their work and processes and help build solutions to enhance these areas.

Research and keep track of industry trends in Data Analytics/Statistic Modeling/Predictive Modeling/AI/Algorithms to ensure that the department is evaluating new techniques.

Build statistical models, predictive models, and other various tools to enhance our department’s processes.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field

5+ years of professional experience leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights

Demonstrated experience with SAS, Python, R, SQL and/or ETL skills

Experience developing and validating statistical forecasting models and tools

Experience interpreting and communicating analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers

Experience driving resources, approach, and tactical operations for projects and initiatives involving own departmental area

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Flexible, dynamic personality who is able to work independently

Preferred Qualifications

Advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field

Knowledge of NLP (Natural Language Processing), RegEx (Regular Expression), RPA (Robotic Process Automation), and/or DataRobot.

Healthcare or managed care experience

Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40
