About this Opportunity

We are seeking an individual with a strong passion and desire to design and develop intelligent data products and services on DTCC's Artificial Intelligence (AI) platform on the cloud. The Data Scientist must be adept at applying different Statistical/Mathematical, AI/Machine Learning (ML)/Natural Language Processing (NLP), and Visualization techniques to data towards producing meaningful data products and services – that drive impactful data-driven decisions. Excellent opportunity to flourish career in applied AI/ML research in a global enterprise setting.

Business Unit: Global Chief Risk Office

Our Risk Management teams work to protect the safety and soundness of our systems and are responsible for identifying, managing, measuring and mitigating a spectrum of key risk types including credit, market, liquidity, systemic, operational and technology in all existing and new products, activities, processes and systems.

What You'll Do

Analyze, extract and understand meaningful patterns from the large volumes / dimensions of historical data by utilizing analytics techniques with SMEs’ inputs.

Design, develop, evaluate and implement high quality innovative predictive/prescriptive models using open source tools such as R, Python, or similar scripting within Apache Spark/AWS cloud based big data/AI environments.

Support the Chief Data Scientist in creating/executing novel approaches to solve challenging problems by leveraging AI/ML/NLP and Big Data/Cloud technologies.

Collaborate closely with Business Partners/Analysts, Data Engineers, System Administrators, and other Data Scientists to integrate innovative AI/ML models into useable data products and services.

Aligns risk and control processes into day to day responsibilities to monitor and mitigate risk; escalates appropriately

Sound Like You?

Minimum of 4 years of related experience

Bachelor's degree preferred with Masters or equivalent experience

Additional Qualifications

1-3+ year of experience (industrial setting is preferred) in applying Statistical/Mathematical, Machine Learning, and Visualization techniques to Big Data towards extracting insightful/actionable information.

1-3+ year of experience in predictive/prescriptive analytics with R or Python and Apache Spark.

1-3+ year of experience in developing/validating/testing and deploying ML-based models.

Basic skills of shell scripting and unix command such as scp, awk, vi, top etc is essential.

Experience using Tensorflow or Pytorch for developing Machine learning/ Deep Learning model is highly preferred.

Who We Are

With over 40 years of experience, DTCC is the premier post-trade market infrastructure for the global financial services industry. From our operating facilities and data centers around the world, we automate, centralize, and standardize the processing of financial transactions across the trade lifecycle, mitigate risk for thousands of institutions worldwide and protect the stability of the global financial system. We’re also leaders in the digital transformation of post-trade processing, leveraging the latest fintech innovations to meet the evolving needs of our clients to reduce costs and enhance efficiencies.

At DTCC we value our clients’ interests and partner to deliver superior results with excellence and innovation and lead with integrity. We proactively develop your potential and invest in your career. For more information, go to www.dtcc.com or connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter, YouTube and Facebook.
