Description:

The newly formed Clinical Products data science team helps supercharge CVS-Aetna’s clinical programs to improve member health and lower costs. Given CVS-Aetna’s size, scope, and deep set of capacities, CVS-Aetna is an unparalleled platform to make a difference in healthcare in the US and beyond. The Clinical Products team has three main goals. First, CVS-Aetna is launching a series of clinical programs that use the resources of the combined CVS-Aetna, and our team delivers the advanced analytics to support those initiatives. Second, the team develops data-driven clinical recommendations that are delivered to members, their providers, and their caregivers. Finally, we build condition-specific models that help other parts of the company (e.g. pricing) better predict member care journeys.

The Principal Data Scientist will join the newly formed Clinical Products team and will be responsible for leading and providing technical vision for one or (more likely) more projects. The role will build lead a team that develops predictive models, works with clinical experts (e.g. doctors) to translate their subject matter expertise into machine learning models, sources data, and presents to technical and non-technical stakeholders. As a Principal Data Scientist, you will also lead and mentor team members. Finally, the role will need to help set the team’s coherent, actionable, and inspiring technical vision…and she will need to inspire the team to execute on that vision.

We are a new team and we are looking for candidates who embrace the “explorer” mindset of asking questions, iterating quickly, being comfortable pivoting intelligently, and moving fast.63248

Fundamental Components:

Lead team of 2-3 Data Scientists to develop and deliver models that inform CVS-Aetna’s clinical programs.

Consults with business partners and clinical leaders to understand problems and goals, understand business value, and translate into business opportunities to be captured through predictive analytics solutions.

Develops and/or uses advanced algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes

Demonstrates superior communication skills, and ability to develop and participate in presentations and consultations to business stakeholders on analytics results and solutions

Supports deployment of insights across multiple channels, i.e., web, mobile app, email, social, call center, Apple watch

Motivates team members and probes into technical detail

Contributes Subject Matter Expertise (SME) through interactions with team members, peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization

Mentors others, and champions 360-feedback across team

Background Experience:

7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.

Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.

Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems.

Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.

Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment

Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.

Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.

Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

Comprehensive knowledge of health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products

Clinically oriented background or professional experience is a plus.

Potential Telework Position:

No

Percent of Travel Required:

0 - 10%

EEO Statement:

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer

Benefit Eligibility:

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Candidate Privacy Information:

Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
