Collaborate with assigned departments to provide actionable data-driven insights through research and analysis of data sources and development of statistical mathematical and predictive models. Support departments to make informed data-driven decisions to meet quality and business objectives. Provides guidance to less experienced data analysts/scientists. Understands all phases of the analytic process including data collection preparation modeling evaluation and deployment. Is able to formulate and define analytic scope and objectives through research and fact-finding as a self-starter Competent to work on all phases of data analysis and associated programming activities Be a thought leader on analytics projects in concept formulation determination of appropriate statistical methodology data manipulation research evaluation and final research report. Regularly provides guidance and training to less experienced data analysts/scientists. In addition to the above job responsibilities, other duties may be assigned. Position Compensation Range: $97,302.40 - $155,667.20 Annual MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Education: Advanced degree required. Experience: 5-10 years relevant experience. Licensure: None required PHYSICAL DEMANDS This is primarily a sedentary job involving extensive use of desktop computers. The job does occasionally require walking some distance to attend meetings, and programs. The University of Virginia, including the UVA Health System and the University Physician's Group are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information.
