Position Information

Job Title
 
Data Scientist

Department
 
Texas Policy Lab

Full Time/Part Time
 
Full-Time

Requisition Number
 
S20092

Open Date
 
08/16/2019

Close Date
 
09/13/2019

Salary Information

Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications

Work Schedule

Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.; some late evenings may be required, including

some weekends.

Benefits Eligible
 
Yes

Eligible for Overtime
 
No

Position Summary

Texas Policy Lab (TPL) is seeking a data scientist. The successful candidate will work with other members of TPL and faculty at Rice University to contribute to analytical projects involving large administrative and survey-generated datasets. S/he will apply frontier data analytic techniques (predictive modeling, machine learning etc.) to address policymaker needs. S/he will import, manipulate, and merge large datasets. S/he will devise and implement strategies to automate the process of importing, exporting and linking datasets arriving from various government agencies.

TPL provides Texas state and local government agencies with science driven results to help inform how policy is developed and implemented in Texas. In close collaboration with those agencies, we produce scientific, independent, timely evaluations of current social and economic programs and new program initiatives. These long-term partnerships will improve Texas state and local government capacity to utilize data, scientific evidence and technology in policy-making and resource allocation. The Texas Policy Lab draws on the expertise of Rice University faculty and its own professional research staff.

Education Required
 
Bachelor's Degree

Major/Discipline

Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, finance etc.).

Substitution for Education Requirement

Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement.

Education Preferred

Master’s degree in a relevant field.

Experience Required
 
No experience required

Type of Experience

Substitution for Experience Requirement

Experience Preferred

Experience in application of predictive modeling or machine learning

Experience in manipulating administrative data collected from multiple sources

Demonstrable interest in public policy

Ability to communicate complex techniques and methods with other researchers

Interest in a substantive public policy area, such as criminal justice, child protective services, health, education or others

License/Certification Required

License/Certification Preferred

Skills Required

Good listening, verbal and written communication, analytical, and research skills

Excellent scientific and numerical skills with meticulous attention to details and accuracy

Ability to work in a team environment, to participate actively, to collaborate and to motivate others in the lab

Good critical thinking, technical, data collection and interviewing skills

Good statistical and graphical analysis skills

Ability to maintain quality, safety and / or infection control standards

Ability to plan and schedule effectively

Skills Preferred

Expertise, as demonstrated by advanced coursework or other relevant experience, in predictive modeling, machine learning and statistics

Demonstrable expertise in determining the appropriate analytic approaches and computing techniques given the data availability and research question

Strong programming skills in statistical and/or computational programs

Knowledge of frontier data science techniques and experience in their applications

Experience in importing, linking, reshaping and managing large administrative datasets

Internal / External Contacts

Will work closely and report to the research scientist(s)

Frequent contact with the TPL research team and staff members

Will have regular contact with various Rice University personnel and other stakeholders, including local and state entities from which TPL will acquire data

Physical Demands

Must be able to work at a computer terminal for extended periods of time

Must be able to move about campus and go to various TPL sites

Working Conditions

Monday-Friday, standard 40 hour work week

Some late evenings and/or weekends required to meet TPL deadlines

Security Sensitive
 
Yes
