Key Accountabilities  
50%-Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights 
20%-Establish scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development and model implementation 
20%-Present analysis and resulting recommendations to senior management; Leverage data to present a compelling business case to optimize investments and operations 
10%-Communicate and educate technical and non-technical employees on analytics and data-driven decision making   
 Nature and Scope: 
 
This position reports to Director of Data Science, or Sr. Manager, Data Science 
This position has no direct reports    
  Environment:  
 
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.   Travel:  
 
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.   Minimum Qualifications: 
 
Must be eighteen years of age or older. 
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.    
  Education Required: 
 
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a master's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.   
 Years of Relevant Work Experience:  0years
  
 Physical Requirements: 
 
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.   
 Additional Qualifications: 
 
Master's in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field (or BS/BA in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field and 5 years of data mining experience). 
Work experience with Hadoop, SAS, HBASE, Cassandra or other similar development platforms. 
Expert knowledge in large scale information retrieval and statistical analysis.   Preferred Qualifications:
  
2-3+ years of experience in Data Science / Natural Language Processing 
Previous work experience in Ecommerce, Conversational AI, or Search Science 
Experience with Deep Learning & Machine Learning 
Experience with Information Retrieval, Dialogue Systems, Coreference Resolution, NER, NLU and/or Knowledge Graph   
 Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:
 
   
Ability to build scalable systems that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations   
Strong communication and data presentation skills 
Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques 
Flexible and responsive; able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic work environment and meet aggressive deadlines   
Ability to work with technical and non-technical team members  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 30383 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_9cccbab2140154869dcb2068c75b8f8d
