IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

Given the advanced state of technology fielded by competitors in the Clinical Trial space and adjacent markets, as well as the generally rapid pace of advancement throughout the industry, it is essential for Orchestrated Monitoring Suite (OMS) group to commit to a systematic program of innovation in order to develop meaningful competitive differentiation. The Data Scientists that are members of the OMS Advanced Concepts team are a key part of that strategy.

OMS Data Scientists have responsibility for systematically exploring and analyzing the vast store of knowledge and data that IQVIA has accumulated over the years to gain algorithmic insights. Those algorithms will support superior clinical trial processes and ultimately provide unique product differentiation.

New views of data and the predictive analytics derived from such views will yield innovations that can augment the OCT suite of products, and may otherwise add value as adjunct products themselves.

OMS data scientists will routinely:

Use a wide variety of data mining and data analysis methods;

Use a wide variety of data analysis tools;

Build and implement complex data models;

Use, create and test algorithms;

Create, run and interpret simulations

OMS data scientists will also be responsible for configuring AI and ML components based on insights derived from vast historical data repositories, and will also create and validate new algorithms for specific or generalized application.

We'd like to see:

Experience working with and creating data architectures;

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks;

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.);

A minimum of 6 years of hands-on experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, creating new algorithms and self-modifying (machine learning) solutions as part of a designated research and/or innovation team;

A Masters degree or PhD. in a pure Mathematics discipline, Physics, or Computer Science;

A track record of success in deriving unique data insights with proven real-world application;

The ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment with an emphasis on deliverables;

Exceptional written, verbal and presentation skills

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Job ID: R1085934
