At Northrop Grumman we develop cutting-edge technology that preserves freedom and advances human discovery. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We continue to innovate with developments from launching the first commercial flight to space, to discovering the early beginnings of the universe. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.  

 
Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems is seeking a Principal Data Scientist (Facilities Analytics) to join our facilities team of qualified, diverse individuals. This position will be located in Redondo Beach, CA.  

 
In this role, the selected candidate will:  

 
 Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes as well as develop data mining and modeling plans. 

 
 Describe, explore, and verify data quality.  

 
 Select, clean, construct, integrate, and format data.  

 
 Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns as well as to identify risks.  

 
 Select modeling techniques and develop visualizations of model results.  

 
 Collaborate with facilities engineering, projects, and maintenance teams to propose solutions and strategies to business challenges.  

 
 Performs data consolidation, cleansing and analysis, and presents data from one or more source systems.  

 
 Provide analysis and develops information papers, presentations, and other correspondence as required, including monthly presentations with internal and external stakeholders.  

 
 Apply operations research, statistical, mathematical, and analytical techniques related to Facilities Maintenance and Construction Projects.  

 
 Support the Facilities Reliability and Infrastructure Optimization department as required. 

Basic Qualifications:  
 
  Minimum of a bachelor's degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math (STEM) field and five (5) years of data science / statistical analysis experience OR a master's degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math (STEM) field and three (3) years of data science / statistical analysis experience.   
 
 Experience with mining, analyzing, and presenting data from a variety of sources.   
 
 Demonstrated experience using strong statistical and data visualization skills.   
 
 Proven ability to work under only general direction and independently determine and develop approaches to solutions. Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.   
 
 Experience communicating requirements and working with internal and external customers to coordinate issues associated with specific projects/tasks.   
 
 Ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance (DoD TS/SCI with SSBI).   
 
 Demonstrated experience using business intelligence tools (example Tableau) and data frameworks.   
 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office.   
 

 
Preferred Qualifications:  
 
  Current top secret clearance.   
 
 
 Aerospace industry experience.   
 
 
 Familiarity briefing senior level management and executive leadership.   
 
 
 Experience with modeling and simulations.   
 
 
 Ability to comprehend and analyze complex problems.   
 

 Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Redondo Beach, CA 90278 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19025133
