Sonalysts, Inc. is seeking a Data Scientist to perform the following roles on a wide variety of projects:  

Conduct data science (DS) and machine learning/artificial intelligence (ML/AI) work independently and as a member of a team, including:  

Fundamental DS activities of acquiring, preparing, analyzing and acting on data.  

Utilize various forms of ML: Regression, clustering, classification, recommendation.  

Assist in the pursuit of DS/ML/AI-related government contract opportunities through SBIRs, STTRs and BAAs, including leading proposals and supporting other projects.  

Determine and assess customer problems, determine whether a DS/ML/AI solution could apply, and if so, selecting and applying the appropriate method.   

Provide innovative analytical approaches to solve complex problems.  

Work with a broad array of stakeholders and teams with different backgrounds.  

Explain complex technical material in easily understood terms through both written and verbal methods.   
Required Qualifications:  

A Masters degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, data science, analytics, or operations research program. Advanced degrees from other programs will be considered, as long as candidates have significant demonstrable statistical and computational experience and skills.  

Knowledge of and experience with a variety of DS and ML/AI techniques, when to apply them and their advantages/drawbacks.  

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts and experience with applications.  

Experience with either Python or R.  

Must be a U.S. Citizen eligible for a government security clearance.   
Strongly Desired and Preferred Qualifications:  

Active DoD security clearance.  

Certification such as CAP, Certified Data Science Analyst, SAS Certified Big Data Expert, or Certified Specialist in Predictive Analytics (CSPA).  

Experience with Semantic Web, Ontologies, and/or Natural Language Processing (NLP).  

Experience with deep learning (including on GPUs), CNNs, LSTMs, RNNs, NLP, adversarial ML, ensemble methods.  

Knowledge of and experience in Operations Research, Decision Sciences, Game Theory, Network/Graph Analysis.  

Experience in Matlab, Java, Julia, TensorFlow, NumPy, SciPy, matplotlib, pandas, scikit-learn, Jupyter notebooks.  

Experience in conducting research.  

Experience in reviewing and creating effective technical documents and project plans such as academic/white papers.  

Experience with military applications.   
ID: 2019-1082  
External Company URL: http://sonalysts.com/  
Street: 215 Parkway North 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Waterford, CT 06386 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_0cacd06a447a863077afd65386311a44
