Are you passionate about forecasting? Do you describe yourself as an innovative problem solver? Looking for an opportunity that will directly impact customer experience at goPuff? Come join the goPuff Data Science team and #ChangeTheGame.

goPuff is a high-growth startup that is revolutionizing hyper-local e-commerce. We warehouse and deliver thousands of products to your door super fast. We're currently operating in over 90+ markets within the US and expanding quickly.

As a Forecasting Data Scientist at goPuff, you’ll build and deploy models predicting order volume, business revenue, product demand, and workforce staffing. You will also drive changes that increase operational efficiency and improve customer experience. You’ll have the opportunity to make a huge impact on the future success of goPuff.

We’re looking for a doer, problem solver, and thought-leader.

Responsibilities

Be the resident forecasting expert with our business partners in Operations, Operational Forecasting and Finance

Responsible for building forecast models that provide a timely and insightful forecast to driver partner capacity planning team

Define and implement new model requirements, existing model improvements, model performance reporting, and new market strategies

Drive adoption of both short- and long-term forecasts into the planning process for investment decisions with finance and the leadership teams

Identify gaps in existing data, create data product specs, and work with Engineering teams to implement enhanced data tracking

Partner with Analytics team members and other functions to share insights and best practices, ensuring consistency of data-driven decision-making throughout the org

Continuously strive for automation whenever possible

Requirements

3-5 years of experience in time series forecasting

MS or PhD in statistics, mathematics, analytics, computer science or another quantitative field

Hands-on experience applying descriptive statistics, machine learning, building predictive models and visualization to solve challenging business problems

Data querying skills in SQL

Expert programming skills in R or Python

Experience deploying models in a production environment

Excellent communication and presentation skills

Ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business stakeholders

Experience with BI platforms such as Looker, Tableau, PeriscopeData

Move fast, be a team player, always be learning and give back

For the people who have better things to do than go out of their way to stop at the store (again), goPuff is the largest digital convenience retailer delivering thousands of products ranging from snacks, drinks, and ice cream to alcohol, home essentials, and personal care items directly from centrally located warehouses to our customers’ doors.

We’re currently in 90+ markets and growing fast, so we're looking for the most motivated and passionate talent to be a part of our team, grow with us, and join in our mission of delivering the moments that matter most. Note: must love snacks to work at goPuff.

The goPuff Fam is committed to an inclusive workplace that does not discriminate against race, nationality, religion, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply. We are an EEOC Employer.
