Responsiblefor working and maintaining behavior score models for account management whichincludes line management, authorizations, marketing campaign to generatebalance, and credit abuse prevention within RPS risk team. Behavior scoringmodels are core and central to account management actions to drive profitable growthencouraging spend and balance growth in profitable segments, while applyingappropriate controls to minimize losses in high risk segments. Additionally,responsible for modelling/analytics projects that gather and integrate largevolumes of data, performs analysis, interprets results and develops actionableinsights and recommendations for credit cards risk management. Acquires datafrom multiple data sources to perform analysis. Identifies, analyzes andinterprets trends or patterns in complex data to provide answers to businessquestions as well as provide recommendations for action. Interprets data andanalyze results using various statistical techniques and tools. Presents dataand analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quicklyunderstand the results and recommendations so they activate upon them and makedata driven decisions. Collaborate with various partners to provide a holisticview of the analysis. Measures and monitors results of applied recommendationsand present adjustments. Ensures all data acquisition, sharing and results ofapplied recommendations are compliant with company standards. Basic Qualifications - Bachelor's degree, or equivalent work experience - 10 or more years of applicable experience Preferred Skills/Experience-Graduate Degree (MS, PhD) in Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science orpreferred.- Extensive knowledge of Probability and Statistics.- Proficiency with R, Python, and SQL programming languages, with knowledge ofrelated data analysis libraries.- Experience analyzing datasets within relational databases, Hadoop &Spark. - Experience in theory and practice with Machine Learning algorithms to designmodels related to classification, regression and clustering. - Experience in theory and practice with Natural Language Processing methods toanalyze documents and other unstructured text data sources. - Desired Experience in theory and practice of Deep Learning modelling, usingsoftware tools such as Tensorflow & Keras, and Pytorch.- Experience in the financial services industry.- Excellent communication skills, ability to work with multiple teams, andstrong work ethic.- Work independently to drive resultsESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:Managesthe behavior score risk modeling for consumer, and business credit cardproducts. Responsiblefor the development, implementation, maintenance behavior score models, rulesand strategies. Develops and maintains the modelling framework and supportsystems needed for continuous revision and monitoring of models.Maydevelop and maintain databases and programs to support model performancereporting requirements.Providesexpertise and consultation regarding consumer and small business behavior scoremodeling issues and gives advice and guidance to risk manager using the modelsin strategies.Worksclosely with other areas of the organization such as model risk governance,credit bureaus, external consultants and compliance and regulatory response toensure proper development and installation of performance reporting and modeltracking. Job: Risk/Compliance/QC/Audit/FraudPrimary Location: Pennsylvania-PA-HorshamOther Locations: Shift: 1st - DaytimeTravel: Average Hours Per Week: 40
