Are you passionate about collaborating around technical data challenges to creatively solve complex problems? Come join us!

Refinitiv Labs

Refinitiv Labs provides a unique opportunity to work in a global company with a huge amount of high-quality data.

You will be:

Creating hypotheses about ways to change the financial industry through new uses of data

Building prototypes and MVPs to validate ideas by practically applying data science

Working with large, diverse data sets using big data and public cloud technology

Defining, organizing and running projects across multiple locations and time zones

Translating end user needs to requirements using design thinking methodologies

Developing and broadening your skills through mentoring and collaboration with experienced professionals

As a NYC member of our team of data scientists, engineers and UX/UI designers you will be part of our global network of like-minded colleagues in our sister labs in London, Singapore, and San Francisco.

Recently the group has worked on graph-based risk analysis, turned text into risk signals, created ML predictions of bond prices, and created real time data simulation. What will you add?

Our team offers a great flexible working environment, values curiosity and supports an open and learning culture for all levels of experience & seniority.

Key Responsibilities:

Build minimal viable products utilizing data science techniques directly for our customers

Create compelling proposals with technologists and business to drive innovation from conception to production with appropriate success metrics

Network in the fintech, big tech and academic community through conferences, meetups and workshops – bringing leading edge techniques and technology into business strategy.

Lead projects, removing obstacles and taking ownership to find creative solutions

Build domain expertise in financial market content and in Refinitiv data and products

Qualifications

Essential Skills:

2+ years industry experience working in a data science role, such as statistics, machine learning, quantitative financial analysis, data engineering or natural language processing

Experience producing and rapidly delivering minimum viable products, results focused with ability to prioritize the most impactful deliverables.

Extensive experience using Python or R

Positive attitude to learning new skills and technologies

Experience with Relational, NoSQL & Graph databases, such as PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Elasticsearch or Neo4J

Ability to track down complex data quality and data integration issues, evaluate different algorithmic approaches, and analyze data to solve problems. Curiosity about the details of datasets is essential.

Desired Skills:

Experience using Cloud to perform large scale calculations, such as AWS, Google Cloud Platform or Microsoft Azure.

Experience with languages frameworks and tools such as Scala, Stan, Spark, Flink, Gremlin and Hadoop

Experience with deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow or PyTorch

Experience with graph-based analytics, knowledge graphs

Data Visualization with tools such as D3 or Tableau

Confidence in communicating complex projects clearly to senior management

Domain knowledge in financial services such as quantitative finance, Financial Engineering, Electronic Trading or Risk Modelling.

Education / Certifications:

Preferred: Master’s Degree or PhD in a relevant technical field, such as computer science, applied mathematics or a related discipline such as physics or chemistry

The Financial and Risk Business of Thomson Reuters is now Refinitiv. Refinitiv equips the financial community with access to an open platform that uncovers opportunity and catalyzes change. With a dynamic combination of data, insights, technology, and news from Reuters, our customers can access solutions for every challenge, including a breadth of applications, tools, and content—all supported by human expertise. At Refinitiv, we facilitate the connections that propel people and organizations to find new possibilities to move forward.

As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. Therefore we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Refinitiv is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace.

The Financial and Risk Business of Thomson Reuters is now Refinitiv. Refinitiv equips the financial community with access to an open platform that uncovers opportunity and catalyzes change. With a dynamic combination of data, insights, technology, and news from Reuters, our customers can access solutions for every challenge, including a breadth of applications, tools, and content—all supported by human expertise. At Refinitiv, we facilitate the connections that propel people and organizations to find new possibilities to move forward.

As a global business, we rely on diversity of culture and thought to deliver on our goals. Therefore we seek talented, qualified employees in all our operations around the world regardless of race, color, sex/gender, including pregnancy, gender identity and expression, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status, citizen status, veteran status, or any other protected classification under country or local law. Refinitiv is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer providing a drug-free workplace.

Intrigued by a challenge as large and fascinating as the world itself? Come join us.

Locations

New York-New York-United States of America
