Position Description Overview

Interested in stopping fraud before it occurs? Join Fiserv’s FirstSense fraud intelligence team to work in a highly collaborative setting to deliver a cutting-edge service that uses advanced analytics, dark web monitoring and financial transaction research to mitigate fraud. Our team needs a strong data analyst/data scientist to contribute to the reporting we produce for our customers.

Job Responsibilities

Process, clean, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis

Work on end-to-end analytical projects, from initial identification of business needs, through to completion

Coordinate with different functional teams to integrate data sets and implement models

Analyze large sets of data to develop new insights into potential fraudulent behavior and create models to identify these patterns in broader datasets utilizing the multiple Analytical Stacks like R, Python, Spark, SAS, SQL MongoDB, etc.

Communicate complex concepts to business stakeholders in a clear and concise manner

Become familiar with payment card fraud the fraud life-cycle and become well-versed in the dark web threat landscape

Job Requirements

Minimum of 3 years of relevant work experience (5 years preferred)

Strong project management and attention to detail to bring projects to fruition on time

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques

Strong problem solving skills

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts

Experience working with and creating data architectures

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets

Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and associated advantages and drawbacks

Strong problem solving skills

Degrees

Bachelor of Science

Master of Science

Learn more about Fiserv:

Life moves fast. And as it does, we know most people aren’t thinking about “financial services” But we are.

We help people and businesses move money and information every minute of every day. Our solutions connect financial institutions, corporations, merchants and consumers to one another, millions of times a day, behind the scenes, reliably and securely.

We’re Fiserv, a global leader in Fintech and payments enabling innovative financial services experiences that are in step with the way people live and work today. The company’s approximately 44,000 associates proudly serve clients in more than 100 countries, so their customers, members and consumers can move money when and where they need it, at the point of thought.

Our Aspiration is to move money and information in a way that moves the world. As a FORTUNE™ 500 company and one of FORTUNE Magazine World’s Most Admired Companies for the sixth consecutive year, we are committed to excellence and purposeful innovation.

We welcome and encourage diversity in our workforce. Fiserv is an equal opportunity employer/disability/vet

Explore the possibilities of a career with Fiserv and Find Your Forward with us.

Primary Location: United States-New Jersey-Jersey City-Jersey-101 Hudson Street

Job Field: Technical Support

Schedule: Full-time

Job Posting: Aug 19, 2019

Manager Level: L3 - Middle Mgmt/Sr Professional

Employee Status: Regular
