Description

Job Requisition:

Data Scientist

Job Description:

Leidos makes the world safer, healthier and more efficient through information technology, engineering and science. careC2™, a Leidos Health Products and Services business, is delivering on this mission with a next generation care coordination software solution that enables the healthcare enterprise to effectively and efficiently manage the delivery of care. This single, consolidated environment for managing episodes of care with a real-time, common view for all care providers – including patients, families, clinicians and other care givers or coordinators – reduces variation and potential issues as it follows the patient through each phase of their medical care treatment, measuring how well the care providers are performing against and expected outcome. We are re-imagining how we provide visibility, oversight and management of patients across the entire care continuum that is based on consolidated views of the patient’s priorities and holistic, actionable insights aimed at improving productivity and enhancing the patient experience.

We seek experienced health care disruptors driven to push the boundaries of what healthcare is and redefining aspects of the industry altogether. We need doers who want to run fast and shape a new product-line business that is well supported by a large, well-established and aggressively growing organization!

Primary Responsibilities:

We are hiring a Data Scientist in Morgantown, WV on our Reporting and Analytics team that will be responsible for leading enterprise data analysis across a large complex intelligence program using tools and IT capabilities for improving the use and production of data and results. The Data Scientist role requires both analytic experience and familiarization with a broad range of data analysis tools and techniques. In this role, you will lead complex projects requiring data analysis, interpretation, and communication to support decision-makers and customers. You will develop innovative approaches to analyze and exploit the customer data holdings for rapid data correlation and data processing in support mission requirements. In this role, you will also collaborate with the customer to understand, support, and anticipate changing needs and requirements and offer recommendations for solutions.

Required Skills:

Bachelor’s Degree and 4 – 8 years’ prior experience or Master's Degree and at least 2 – 6 years’ prior experience

Experience with Python, R, or other programming languages; experience with Github and Machine Learning

Experience and knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, data analytics, data science, data mining, and visualization techniques

Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate complex technical findings to non-technical audiences in both written and verbal formats

Demonstrated experience identifying, recommending, and implementing continuous improvement approaches within teams, processes, or technology

Communicating direction, approaches, and results to teams, leadership, and customers

Collaborating with projects and programs on data science communities of interest

Familiarity with relational data and quantitative analysis thereof

Organizational skills strongly desired

External Referral Bonus:

Eligible

Potential for Telework:

No

Clearance Level Required:

None

Travel:

Yes, 10% of the time

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day

Requisition Category:

Professional

Job Family:

Data Scientist

3000

Health

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
