Xometry is a rapidly growing startup that is transforming American manufacturing. Our proprietary instant quoting technology and nationwide network of manufacturers provides a streamlined on-demand manufacturing experience that is unparalleled in the market. Custom manufacturing is a $50 billion industry in the United States, and it is our mission to provide advanced manufacturing capabilities to customers of all sizes - from Fortune 500 companies and government agencies to small businesses and startups.

As a Data Scientist at Xometry, your day-to-day activities might include the following:

Using knowledge of probability and statistics to make defensible statistical inferences from data

Using machine learning tools and techniques and knowledge of statistics to construct, optimize, and evaluate predictive models that predict the likelihood of different business outcomes

Using deep learning tools (such as TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch) to train a variety of neural network architectures (e.g., multilayer perceptron, convolutional networks, transfer learned networks) to develop effective predictive models

Writing production-quality software in Python to implement predictive models and business logic in business software

Using cloud resources (e.g., Amazon Web Services) to prepare and process data

Writing software to prepare, clean, and sample data for use in developing predictive models

Writing queries to query and extract data from product databases (requires knowledge of MongoDB) and join data from multiple sources.

Using data analysis tools to prepare data visualizations. Examples of such tools include Tableau, Jupyter Notebooks, Python, Pandas, and R.

Relentlessly iterating solutions within a fast-paced start-up environment where ambiguity and minimal structure are the norm

Solving challenging, uncharted engineering problems

Working in an environment that demands continual learning and development of new skills

This job is for you, if you have:

Bachelor’s degree in applied math, computer science, natural sciences or engineering

A M.S. or PhD in a related field is preferred

2+ years of experience with machine learning, optimization and fitting techniques

Experience with deep learning architectures and training methods is preferred

Fluency in Python, numpy, scipy, pandas, and sklearn is preferred

Proficiency in linear algebra and statistics

Familiarity with RESTful APIs

A portfolio demonstrating clean and compliant code

Demonstrated attention to detail

Familiarity with debugging and automated unit/regression testing

Familiarity with versioning systems such as Git

Xometry offers its employees:

Health, Dental & Vision coverage

Commuter & Dependent Care benefit options

401k

Paid time off

Primary and Secondary Parental Leave

Stock Options

This isn’t the job for you? Maybe you have a friend who would be perfect for it - please share this job with them!

Xometry is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Xometry participates in E-Verify and after a job offer is accepted, will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S.
