We are growing our Data Science Instructional team at Galvanize.  Our Instructors train technical professionals with programming experience to solve data science problems utilizing innovative educational techniques.  We re looking for passionate educators and practical problem solvers with demonstrated flexibility and curiosity. We are seeking a Data Science Instructor in Phoenix.  Join us in building the world's hub for education in data science and data engineering. AS A DATA SCIENCE INSTRUCTOR AT GALVANIZE, YOU WILL:  
Deliver lectures and tutorials on scientific Python, SQL, probability, statistics (Bayesian and frequentist), machine learning and data engineering. 
Lead / assist day-long  sprints,  maintaining a strong presence in the classroom and helping other instructional staff. 
Deftly and patiently field student questions and provide feedback in lectures and office hours. 
Utilize student feedback and experimentation to continuously improve teaching and assessment methods.  PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT:At Galvanize, we strive to provide meaningful professional development opportunities to all of our employees. Here are just a few of the ways you will continue to grow and  level-up  as a data scientist and a teacher:There s no better way to learn than to teach! You ll be amazed at how much you ll develop skills you thought you were already an expert in just by helping students and planning lessons. Opportunities to work with and learn from other data science and full stack instructors in a highly collaborative environment. EXPECTED EXPERIENCE: 
Industry experience in a data scientist or software engineer role. 
Master's or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as engineering, statistics, or mathematics 
Strong understanding in the topics we teach: scientific Python, probability, statistics (Probability, A/B Testing, Bayesian methods, Regression Methods, Time Series), SQL, machine learning (Decision Trees, Random Forest, Boosting, Support Vector Machines, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, Recommenders, Graphs), data engineering (Hadoop and MapReduce), and data at scale ( AWS). 
For more details on the program visit: http://www. galvanize. com/courses/data-science/#. Viqz4LQR8UU 
Outstanding communication skills. 
Experience teaching a quantitative subject preferred.  Galvanize provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Phoenix, AZ 85003 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_40cd25da61997550c7a3e0af9670ed76
