Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country
#74691 - Piscataway, New Jersey, United States   
 DEPARTMENT’S TOP 3 OBJECTIVES:           
Develop data-driven approaches and infrastructure to inform and accelerate product innovation, product design, and product development         
Work with cross-functional teams to gather, wrangle, cleanse, structure, and build models that are distributed to the greater R&D team and aligned with organizational goals.         
Apply data analytics to enable new revenue-generating business models and improve underlying business processes for cost savings.  
  
 CORE RESPONSIBILITIES:           
Partner with client teams to develop and implement custom solutions for decision-support services         
Write and implement custom code for web scraping, social media mining, and associated data ingestion and pre-processing         
Develop, validate, and implement programmatic approaches for data visualization, descriptive statistical analysis, and predictive modeling.         
Interface with IT to build and manage data warehouses for global use.         
Support, train, and assist global R&D scientists via meetings, training sessions, and mentorship to aid the adoption of data analytics tools.          
Develop programmatic strategies to identify and tackle data analytics problems          
Write, refine, and manage python scripts for data analytics          
Work with individuals throughout R&D to find key data sources, assess quality, and devise strategies for utilization         
Work with current databases to build pipelines for manipulation, visualization, and descriptive/predictive modeling         
Design data flows to extract data from organizational architecture and ETL into cloud architecture         
Present work to R&D partners and make recommendations regarding the implementation         
Build data advanced visualizations including dashboards and custom javascript implementations         
Support outside vendors and extract deliverables         
Share knowledge with immediate data science team through regular presentations of progress, struggles, and advances         
Assist in training R&D scientists on basic python skills         
Stay abreast of new developments in data science by attending conferences/webinars and following relevant sources.  
  
 QUALIFICATIONS:           
Required:                         
Bachelor's Degree completed.                 
Minimum 4 years of data analytics/programming experience is required.                             
Preferred:                         
Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, or Computer Science is required. Master's Degree or Ph.D. in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or Data Science.                 
Consumer Goods Industry Experience.                 
Certification in Data Science or programming.                 
Active contributor to open-source data science projects such as Kaggle competitions.                    
  
 SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES:           
Statistical computer language: Python, Julia, R, Java         
Proficiency with SQL implementations (PostgreSQL, MySQL, Oracle, MongoDB)         
Proficiency with statistical concepts including descriptive analysis, experimental design, Bayesian statistics, sub-setting, and regression         
Proficiency with statistical and data mining techniques including generalized linear model/regression, random forest, boosting, trees, text mining, social network analysis, dimensionality reduction algorithms         
Proficiency with machine learning techniques such as clustering, decision tree learning, naïve Bayes, support vector machines, Q-learning, temporal difference, adversarial networks, and neural networks         
Proficiency with frameworks including TensorFlow, Theano, CNTK, scikit-learn, Caffe, Keras, Spark MLlib         
Proficiency with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, etc         
Visualizing and presenting data for stakeholders using: D3.js, plotly, seaborn, ggplot, etc         
Ability to work with cloud data architectures         
Excellent oral and written English communication skills  
  Equal Opportunity Employer
Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, marital status, veteran status (United States positions), or any other characteristic protected by law.   
  Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply online and attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process. Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.   
  Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sorriso, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sanex, Elta MD, PCA Skin, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet and Hill’s Prescription Diet.   
  For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit http://www.hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.   
  Reasonable accommodation during the application process is available for persons with disabilities. Please contact Application_Accommodation@colpal.com with the subject "Accommodation Request" should you require accommodation.   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Piscataway, NJ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         583855100
