Work Shift: EVENING

Work Week: M - F

Job Summary

08/2017
JOB SUMMARY
The Chief Medical Laboratory Scientist has responsibility for leading and coordinating services provided by multiple sections within Laboratory Services. Facilitates day-to-day operations for assigned areas to include: workflow, work processes, work schedules and outcomes for assigned sections. Serves as liaison between associated laboratory sections and with physicians, management, staff, and students for questions and problem resolution. Ensures the delivery of exceptional patient care and adherence to standards of practice for optimal patient safety, quality outcomes, and customer service. Duties also include quality assurance audits of performance, development and implementation of quality improvement activities, training and mentoring of staff, feedback on staff performance, data analysis and reporting, and other responsibilities of a similar nature and level. The Chief Medical Laboratory Scientist is a highly competent Technologist in all sections assigned and has an active role in the performance of testing in their assigned areas; expected to spend the majority of time as a facilitator/coordinator and work in clinical practice as needed in order to maintain technical skills and fulfill workflow process needs. Assumes on-call responsibilities as assigned.

PATIENT AGE GROUP(S) AND POPULATION(S) SERVED
Refer to departmental ¿Scope of Service¿ and ¿Provision of Care¿ plans, as applicable, for description of primary age groups and populations served by this job for the respective HM entity.

HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS

I. Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values:

INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do.
COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs.
ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions.
RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value.
EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate.

II. Focuses on patient/customer safety
III. Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards
IV. Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words)
V. Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met
VI. Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job

PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

PEOPLE ¿ 25%
Promotes a positive work environment and leads the team to be dynamic and a focused work unit that actively helps one another to achieve optimal department results. Collaborates with all members of the patient care team by actively communicating and reporting pertinent patient care information and data in a comprehensive manner. Role models to team members effective communication skills, assisting in their development of such skills. (EF)
Effectively implements protocols and objectives with team members to result in optimization of staff performance, teamwork, patient safety, and customer service. Provides feedback to management on team member performance and conduct. Develops skills of team members and continually assists with improving skills, performance and outcomes. Interviews applicants and provides input into hiring of new staff. (EF)
SERVICE -20%
Coordinates the work flow, processes, staff assignments, and services provided for assigned laboratory sections, adjusting as needed, to result in optimum patient care, throughput and patient experiences. Ensures turnaround time expectations as defined by management are met by the section teams. (EF)
Serves as liaison between team members, management and physicians, resolving routine matters for the shift and sections. (EF)
QUALITY/SAFETY - 25%
Performs the six elements of competency for test systems used to generate patient test results in all areas assigned to work. (EF)
Recognizes, investigates and correctly resolves test discrepancies. When problems arise, takes appropriate action to investigate and address and notifies management for follow-up. (EF)
Compiles and reviews monthly quality control data, to include actions for variances identified, and provides proper documentation. Oversees section compliance by reviewing and responding to CAP Accreditation Checklists questions/findings. (EF)
Develops plan, leads implementation, and performs data analysis of validations. Coordinates instrument maintenance and repairs. (EF)
Independently handles resolution of complex problems and issues for section. Serves as escalation support for less experienced staff. (EF)
Maintains a safe environment within the Laboratory, following all policies and procedures for safety, hazardous materials, security and emergency preparedness. (EF)
FINANCE - 15%
Self-motivated to independently manage time effectively and prioritize daily tasks. Provides leadership to staff on efficient utilization of time according to budgetary guidelines. Accurately reviews and edits team member¿s time cards for management approval. (EF)
Uses resources efficiently; does not waste supplies. Actively participates in inventory management. (EF)
GROWTH/INNOVATION - 15%
Generates and communicates new ideas and suggestions that will improve quality or service. (EF)
Seeks opportunities to expand learning beyond baseline competencies for self and others with a focus on continual development. Gains and utilizes knowledge of new technologies that are emerging for laboratory. (EF)
This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Graduate of education program approved by the credentialing body for the required credential(s) indicated below

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
4 years experience in a clinical laboratory as a Medical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist or comparable role. May consider HM employee with at least 3 years experience, of which a minimum of 1 year as a HM Medical Laboratory Scientist/Medical Technologist or comparable role and who demonstrates leadership abilities.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED
Must have one of the following required certifications:
o Preferred - Certified as a Medical Technologist, Clinical Laboratory Scientist, Medical Laboratory Scientist, or categorical certification by Board of Certification (ASCP)
o Certified as a Medical Technologist by American Medical Technologists (AMT)
o Certified as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist by National Credentialing Agency for Laboratory Personnel (NCA)
o Microbiology only One of the following is required:
Medical Technologist, MT(ASCP) or Medical Laboratory Scientist, MLS(ASCP) certification
Microbiology, M(ASCP) certification
Clinical microbiology registry from American Society for Microbiology, RM(AAM)
Note: current HM Chief Medical Laboratory Scientists have 18 months from this job description revision date to acquire certification

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED
to perform the Essential Functions of the Job
Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going evaluations consisting of one or more of the following: skills, competency assessments and/or performance reviews
Exhibits strong interpersonal, teamwork and leadership skills with all levels of the healthcare team and assures delivery of excellent customer service to all patients, visitors, physicians and co-workers
Adapts to multiple ongoing priorities including organizing heavy work flow with minimal supervision
Demonstrates critical thinking skills
Strong attention to detail and ability to achieve and maintain accuracy
Ability to work independently and execute above average technical skills
Demonstrates sound judgment and discretion to recognize problems ranging from simple to complex, identify causes and take corrective action
Strong training, leadership, and mentoring skills
Able to research information for new platforms and/or emergent technologies
Possesses basic computer knowledge; operates multiple computer systems to include, Hospital / Laboratory Information Systems and Office software to maintain patient and testing records and other related documents
Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security
Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles

Equal Employment Opportunity

Houston Methodist is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Equal employment opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Houston Methodist is firmly bound. Houston Methodist will not engage in discrimination against or harassment of any person employed or seeking employment with Houston Methodist on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor priority referral Protected Veterans requested.

Company Profile

Since its founding in 1919, Houston Methodist Hospital has earned worldwide recognition. Houston Methodist Hospital is affiliated with the Weill Medical College of Cornell University and New York-Presbyterian Hospital, one of the nation's leading centers for medical education and research. Houston Methodist is consistently ranked in U.S. News & World Reports Best Hospital list and was recently named the number one hospital in Texas. FORTUNE magazine has placed Houston Methodist on its annual list of 100 Best Companies To Work For since 2006. Houston Methodist Hospital directs millions of research dollars into patient care and offers the latest innovations in medical, surgical and diagnostic techniques. With 1,119 licensed beds, 67 operating rooms and over 6,000 employees, Houston Methodist offers complete care for patients from around the world.
