Be involved in projects with our Systems Analysis Group and be a part of a growing organization that meets our client’s objectives and solves their challenges. At WSP, we are driven by inspiring the right people to be part of our future-focused business objectives. Our devotion to teamwork has allowed us to build communities and expand our skylines. Here at WSP, anything is within our reach- and yours as a WSP employee. Come join us and help shape the future! WSP is currently initiating a search for a Lead Data Scientist for our San Diego, California office. WSP’s Systems Analysis Group is a national leader in advanced 4-step and activity-based travel demand models as well as travel forecasting research, development, application and interpretation. Our group’s mission is to make our clients successful by developing and applying innovative travel models for project and policy evaluation, and to further socially-beneficial decision-making and investments in transportation systems. As a member in our group, you will: -Develop, estimate, calibrate and apply regional travel demand and supply models -Process large input and output data sets, analyze highway and transit assignment data -Use TransCAD, Cube, Emme, R, Python, Java, SQL and other tools necessary to support highway and transit studies, long-range transportation plans, and more for local clients -Work with land use models and geospatial technologies -Give presentations to peers, clients and selection panels -Interact directly with clients for the purposes of marketing and project management. -Travel occasionally, as projects dictate.

By joining WSP, you would be joining a group of over 30 talented, committed and well-balanced individuals who work cooperatively on projects throughout the country.

Experience Required:

7-10 years of experience in Travel Demand Modeling – either model or data development

Data analysis, visualization and programming skills

Commercial Travel Modeling software (TransCAD, Cube, etc), Data Visualization software (R, Tableau, etc), Python, SQL, GIS (ESRI, MapBox, etc.)

Education Required:

Master’s Degree or higher preferred in Civil Engineering, Urban Planning or Geographic Information Systems

Ability to work in the U.S. immediately required

Preferred Qualifications:

Python and R programming

Big Data Analysis

Direct experience working with travel demand model for a large metropolitan region

About WSP USA

WSP USA is the U.S. operating company of one of the world's leading engineering and professional services firms. Dedicated to serving local communities, we are engineers, planners, technical experts, strategic advisors and construction management professionals. WSP USA designs lasting solutions in the transportation, buildings, energy, water and environment sectors. With nearly 7,000 people in 100 offices across the U.S., we partner with our clients to help communities prosper. www.wsp.com/usa

WSP provides a progressive mix of benefits including medical, dental 401k and long term disability focused on a providing health and financial stability throughout the employee’s career.

At WSP, we want to give our employees the challenges they seek to grow their careers and knowledge base. Your daily contributions to your team will be a key piece in our meeting client objectives, goals and challenges, are you ready to get started?

WSP USA is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin and Veterans and Disability.

The selected candidate must be authorized to work in the United States.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.
