At Edmunds were driven to make car buying easier. Ever since we began publishing printed car guides in the 60s, the company has been in the business of trust, innovating ways to empower and support car shoppers. When Edmunds launched the car industrys first Internet site in 1994, we established a leadership position online and have never looked back. Now, as one of the most trusted review sites on the Internet, millions of visitors use our research, shopping and buying tools every month to make an easy and informed decision on their next car. For consumers, we bring peace of mind. For dealers, we make tools to help them solve their problems and sell more cars. How do we do it, you ask? The key ingredients are our enthusiastic employees, progressive company culture and cutting-edge technology. Want to join the team? Read on to find out how!

What Youre Applying For:

Edmunds is seeking a skilled, creative and enthusiastic Senior Analyst/Data Scientist experienced in generating actionable insights from large sets of data, measuring business performance, and identifying areas of growth and optimization using advanced analytical (modeling) and experimental approaches.

The Senior Analyst/Data Scientist will serve a hybrid role in supporting our Tier 3 Sales team by creating dealer performance forecasts; monitoring revenue, dealer penetration and churn, analyzing effectiveness of sales efforts, and identifying areas of optimization and growth by extracting insights through modeling, testing and experimentation. In addition, the Senior Analyst/Data Scientist will also lead data science projects focused on creating and fine-tuning models to reduce churn of our T3 business as well as maintaining and optimizing existing traffic forecast models for the business.

The Senior Analyst/Data Scientist will also be expected to design, conduct, and lead complex analyses with minimal guidance to address questions from our executive team and show keen ability to interpret and communicate findings via a presentation in a clear, concise and meaningful manner. In addition, this person will be expected to take ownership of projects to continually improve reporting quality through automation and be able to anticipate and prevent problems and roadblocks before they occur.

This is a great opportunity for an individual with significant business acumen that is interested in playing with the wealth of structured and unstructured data that is available within the car buying ecosystem. Curiosity and business intellect a must.

What Youll Do:
Partner with senior business stakeholders to help optimize on our core business KPIs.
Design, conduct and lead complex analyses that mine, extract, track, report and analyze performance metrics
Apply analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques such as predictive statistical models, customer profiling, segmentation analysis, survey design and analysis and data mining.
Provide updates on the performance of our core KPIs as well as insights and recommendations to both our senior stakeholders and executive team in a presentation.
Create and produce forecasts, reports, ad hoc requests, dashboards, etc. utilizing our data warehouse and other data source systems and summarize your findings
Develop, evaluate, refine, and automate analytic models using data to address business needs, and identify areas of optimization.
Collaborate with different departments and define requirements to improve our reporting suite
What You Need:
A passion for analytics
Strong analytical and data mining skills
Strong data extraction and manipulation skills - SQL experience required
Data modeling / statistical analysis / predictive modeling experience is required. (R or Python)
Experience creating reports and dashboards through BI tools such as Tableau is required
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Proven ability to accurately report and interpret trends and translate these trends into actionable insights.
Proven ability to synthesize complex data/analysis into clear and concise insights and recommendations.
Ability to multitask and to balance competing priorities.
Masters degree in a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, physics, computer science, business analytics, etc. with at least three years of related work experience, or a BS in related field with at least five years of relevant work experience
Working @ Edmunds.com:

Employees think its a pretty great place to work and some pretty impressive publications think it is too: we have been recognized as one of the best places to work by the Fortune Magazine and Great Places to Work, LA Business Journal, Computerworld, and Built in LA. We've also been identified as one of the best workplaces specifically in Technology and also for Diversity and Asian Americans. In fact, our CEO, Avi Steinlauf, was rated as one of Glassdoor's Highest Rated CEOs! If youre interested in learning more and joining our mission, wed love to hear from you!

Edmunds will consider for employment qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable laws.

*LI-DNP
