The Data Scientist is a member of the Leadership Analytics practice under the Global Research and Evaluation team at CCL. This person is responsible for designing and completing data science projects, generating innovative ideas and statistical approaches to leverage CCL's vast database, and productizing models. Ability to communicate complex ideas to business stakeholders is critical. Requirements Principal Duties and Responsibilities Thinks creatively about how to approach data and use appropriate data science, machine learning, and AI methodologies to answer critical questions; can tolerate ambiguity and explore data to find possible research questions to answer. Selects internal and external data sources and analytic tools to maximize efficacy of modeling, analysis, and monitoring. Builds support for new data approaches, is willing to take risks, and persists in the face of challenges; hard to discourage. Results-Oriented: Delivers committed results in a fast-paced environment. Initiates and maintains relationships with project stakeholders, internal and external collaborators, and clients. Independently and in collaboration with others develops appropriate research reports, thought pieces, webinars, and other material. Keeps up-to-date and introduces latest trends from technology and data science, machine learning, and AI research. May present and/or chair sessions at leading data science professional conferences; may share findings through published manuscripts at high-impact scientific and practice-focused journals Exemplifies CCL's values. Education Requires a Masters degree in in a relevant field (e.g., Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science) Required Knowledge and Skillsets At least three years' experience working in a corporate setting. Strong data manipulation, product analytics, data mining, and statistical analysis skills Proficiency in a programming language used for data analysis (R/Python), query knowledge (SQL); may have familiarity with SPSS. Adept at data processing and modeling with previous experience taking quantitative models to production. Expert in natural language processing. Expert in organizational network analytics, including appropriate modeling and visualization techniques. Experience with video or voice analytics a plus. Capable of working both independently and with others, including sharing technical skills and ideas with other team members. Effective interpersonal skills when interacting with clients, participants, and staff. Flexible, adaptable with clients, colleagues and organization needs. Exceptional organizational and planning skills. Some travel may be required for conferences and working with clients as part of ongoing research efforts.
