At U.S. Bank, we're passionate about helping customers and the communities where we live and work. The fifth-largest bank in the United States, we're one of the country's most respected, innovative and successful financial institutions. U.S. Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to creating a diverse workforce. We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status, among other factors. Responsible for working on big data/analytics projects that gather and integrate large volumes of data, performs analysis, interprets results and develops actionable insights and recommendations for use across the company. Acquires data from multiple data sources in order to perform analysis. Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends or patterns in complex data in order to provide answers to business questions as well as provide recommendations for action. Interprets data and analyze results using various statistical techniques and tools. Presents data and analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quickly understand the results and recommendations so they activate upon them and make data driven decisions. Collaborate with various partners to provide a holistic view of the analysis. Measures and monitors results of applied recommendations and present adjustments. Ensures all data acquisition, sharing and results of applied recommendations are compliant with company standards. Qualifications Basic Qualifications - Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, computer science, engineering or applied mathematics, or equivalent work experience - Five to seven years of data science experience Preferred Skills/Experience - Graduate Degree (MS, PhD) in Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science or preferred. - Extensive knowledge of Probability and Statistics. - Proficiency with R, Python, and SQL programming languages, with knowledge of related data analysis libraries. - Experience analyzing datasets within relational databases, Hadoop & Spark. - Experience in theory and practice with Machine Learning algorithms to design models related to classification, regression and clustering. - Experience in theory and practice with Natural Language Processing methods to analyze documents and other unstructured text data sources. - Experience in theory and practice of Deep Learning modelling, using software tools such as Tensorflow & Keras, and Pytorch. - Experience in the financial services industry. - Excellent communication skills, ability to work with multiple teams, and strong work ethic. - Work independently to drive results.
