The Role The Data Scientist translates business questions into data questions. Uses advanced analytic methods (statistics, classical machine learning and artificial intelligence) to build data models that provide business users with easy-to-understand insights. Naturally, you'll bring your strong technical expertise in data science to help us to find ways of increasing customer value, with the opportunity to help us setup best-practice data science, including the direction of future tooling, and how the company engages overall in data science. In practice that means working with colleagues, from other data scientists and engineers to project managers across interdisciplinary projects, to successfully drive structure and knowledge from raw data. Helping to identify important questions and data needs, and apply statistical methods to data to find answers. To succeed, you're going to have a highly collaborative mindset, confident to sensitively challenge others in your team, whilst prioritising your own workload as you move speedily from one project to the next. Calling on your strong data knowledge, you'll thrive on driving process change and experimenting with new approaches; always with a keenness to share learnings. Must have legal authorization to work in the US on a full-time basis for anyone other than current employer. Master's Degree required, PhD preferred in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or another relevant discipline Minimum five (5) years' relevant experience working with and analyzing large data sets, with an ability to write code Expert knowledge of statistics. Real-world experience in working with product and business teams. Strong knowledge of Python and relevant libraries (PySpark, Pandas, etc). The ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact. An inquisitive nature in diving into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues. Proficiency at driving the collection of new data and refining existing data sources. Excellent presentation and communication skills, with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields. Proven best practices in software development and in productionising data science will be an advantage.
