We are looking for a Data Scientist who is ready, willing and able to work on a portfolio of innovative projects to enable digital operational excellence in Verizon Business Group (VBG) Customer Operations. The program direction includes artificial intelligence, operations automation, and industry leading omnichannel technology to improve the efficiency and client experience of our services. You will clean, manipulate, and analyze data and present your findings. You will use different statistical methodologies and techniques to find out the analytical solutions. You will be turning data into valuable insights. You are highly analytical and can transform complex data into easily understood actionable information. You flourish in a fast-paced environment and can quickly adapt to changing priorities. You´ve got exceptional critical thinking skills and like to uncover solutions. You are flexible, dependable and work well individually and as part of a team. Responsibilities Design, create, analyze and implement operations initiatives by translating results from data into actionable insights that help drive business goals and improve operational performance. Develop and automate analytical reports for various business units and stakeholders throughout the organization to enable educated decision making. Regularly present and share findings with stakeholders to drive action within the operations environment. Monitor and analyze key metrics and execute recurring analyses and reporting. Develop and maintain strong relationships with internal teams and provide analytical support as necessary. Coordinate with other team members to understand and identify the business problems and deliver the comprehensive analytical solutions. What we're looking for... You'll need to have: Bachelor's degree and four or more years of work experience. Four or more years of relevant work experience. Experience as a Data Scientist doing data analysis, data manipulation, and data cleansing. Analytic experience related to working with unstructured datasets. Experience with Microsoft Excel. Knowledge with Data Visualization Tools (Tableau, Power BI, DOMO, Oracle BI, Etc.) Willing and able to travel occasionally Even better if you have: Master's degree in Data Science, IT, or related field. Demonstrated data analytics and critical thinking skills. Ability to efficiently manage multiple projects with a strict focus on detail. Experience working in a network operations center environment. Experience with large and complex data sets and Big Data. Strong machine learning and data-mining background. R or Python or SQL / query language skills.
