REQUIREMENTS In This Role You Will Leads the execution of large scale, more complex analytics projects. Applies significant quality control and risk assessment of the model, methodologies, outputs, and processes for major data science projects. Identifies and diagnoses data inconsistencies and errors, documents data assumptions, and forages to fill data gaps. Engages with senior leadership to understand and probe business processes in order to develop hypotheses. Brings structure to requests and translates requirements into an analytic approach. Guides test design, research design, and model validation. Provides statistical consultation services. Serves as the analytics authority on cross functional teams for large strategic initiatives and supplies to the growth of the Vanguard analytic community. Prepares and delivers insight presentations and action recommendations. Communicates complex analytical findings and implications to business leaders. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned. IMPACT Reimagine the investment experience A World-class client experience is something that can only be defined by our clients. Leading the development and delivery of advanced, actionable analytic products and services you will work to uncover difficulties and challenges a client may face and how they may differ across product lines. Using advanced analytics approaches such as predictive and prescriptive modeling your goal will be to bring tangible and significant business impact on Vanguard's businesses and clients to drive overall efficiency. QUALIFICATIONS What it Takes Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination or training and experience required. Master's degree desirable. PhD or other professional designations a plus. Minimum of eight to ten years' experience in industry, policy or academic research or related disciplines or work. Experience in Python or R. Proven leadership, organizational and social skills required. Superior professional writing skills and public speaking skills required. Experience with advanced analytical research approaches required. Excellent project management skills required. Maintains flexibility in meeting deadlines and expectations in the face of shifting priorities
