CoreX is hiring a Data Scientist to development relevant audiences and optimize ad devliery to hit our advertisers' KPIs. This role will mine our 700m+ reviews, photos, and videos, 1m+ locations, and 450m+ monthly unique visitors to build on our first party data advantage. The developed models and data strategies will maximizing our adversting business and drive contextual, relevant ads to our consumers. This is a great opportunity to make the world's largest travel site even better, while enjoying the energy and rapid pace of a startup. This role requires very strong emphasis on data analysis and advanced analytics. Key areas of responsibility: Perform data analysis to support key decision making to evaluate opportunities for revenue optimization Oversee full lifecycle of analytical model development to optimize audience monetization Develop predictive models for user engagement and buying behaviour Identify opportunities for revenue growth via user segmentation and personalized content Mentor junior team members Partner with Product Management and Engineering to create product requirements and specification documents for new features and products What We Seek: A results-oriented person who thrives on data and measurements. Ability to derive practical solutions to business problems from not-always-perfect data of formidable size Proven track record of translating business needs into data-driven solutions. Demonstrated ability of communicating complex analytical issues to technical and business audiences Proficiency in data transformation, cleansing and interpretation Expert SQL skills and experience with Big Data stack (Hadoop/Hive/Pig/Spark/etc.) Masters/Ph.D. in quantitative field 2+ years of experience is required Proficiency with statistical programming environment (e.g. R, Python) Ability to work well with colleagues across multiple global office. Significant experience with eCommerce, recommender systems, user choice models, classification, online auctions, A/B testing, digital advertising, or marketing analytics is strongly preferred
