Job Responsibilities Delivers all analyses to support KPI definition/ implementation, standards and best practices. Conducts analyses to support Methods programs. Leads prototyping (what –ifs) as well as supporting pilot programs for R&D purposes. The primary areas includes – but not limited to – trend analyses, identifying gaps for improvements in coverage, representation/ sampling, bias reduction, indirect estimation, data integration, automation, generalization, harmonization as well as working with different data sources. Address major quality escapes. Ensures documentation of the new methodologies and best practices. Work with cross-functional teams to design, implement, and test new consumer and audience measurement methodologies. Assist in the design and testing of data collection methodologies for Nielsen panels and surveys. Provide research support for the identification and implementation of methods and best practices to improve respondent cooperation and optimize data collection approaches. Represents Nielsen within academic and research councils. Role Requirements: E=essential, P=preferred. E- Research Scientist -University Graduate with some relevant work experience E- Sr. Research Scientist: 3+ years of experience in market research. E- Bachelors degree in Statistics, Social Science, Operation Research, or other sciences (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Biology, Physics etc.) with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership. E- Experience in trend analyses, multivariate statistics (parametric/ non-parametric), representation/ sampling, bias reduction, indirect estimation, data aggregation techniques, automation, generalization. E- Proficient in Python, R, Spark, Julia or comparable computing languages and frameworks. E- Proficient in building modular solutions that implement regression, classification, and dimensionality reduction. E- Knowledge of SQL and application of algorithms to large-scale datasets. P- Proficiency in pandas, numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, tensorflow, or equivalent packages P- Proficient with algorithms and model building in a continuous integration/continuous deployment environment and large-scale databases. P- Advanced degree in Statistics, Social Science, Operation Research, or other sciences (e.g. Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Biology, Physics etc.) P- Demonstrated experience in Nielsen methodologies, data collection, platforms, research processes and operations. P- Domain expert in at least one area: Demography, Sampling, Statistics Modeling, Research Practices, Data Integration and/or Digital.
