Data Science is core to what Nielsen does, and our research projects have high visibility in directly affecting the results of our business and our clients. This Senior Data Scientist role in the Digital Data Science team provides an opportunity to contribute to methodological innovation in the exciting and fast-changing world of digital media measurement.This is an ideal position to grow as a researcher, contribute to innovative products, and develop subject-matter expertise in digital methodology and cross-platform audience measurement. Sr Data Scientist Skills Required: This position requires a detail-oriented person who has experience in big data and statistical analysis using multiple data sources, and who enjoys working in a fast-paced environment. Ability to problem-solve, work independently on critical initiatives and see the big picture are keys to success in this position. Master's in statistics, quantitative social sciences, economics, operations research, or hard sciences (e.g. engineering, computer science, biology, physics, etc.) with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership OR 3-5 years of work experience focusing on the following: Creating, organizing, analyzing, and correcting very large datasets using statistical models Coding in data science-related programming languages; required experience with Python Proficiency in SQL, cloud based & big data technologies. Leading and managing complex projects with multiple stakeholders Excellent communication & presentation skills (written and verbal) Demonstrated experience working in teams Industry knowledge of digital audience/media measurement Ability to work independently and solve complex problems Skills Desired: Experience working with global cross-functional teams of various sizes Experience with machine learning techniques Key Responsibilities Develop new methodologies to measure cross-platform audience on new digital devices and platforms, leveraging data from multiple sources (including 3rd party) Evaluate quality and accuracy of data from both internal and external sources, using statistical models and existing Nielsen data assets Act as a liaison and subject matter expert with key internal stakeholders (e.g. application development, engineering, client business partners) Stay up to date on industry changes to digital measurement (e.g., new devices and platforms, privacy laws updates, changes in browser/app measurement, etc.) and critically assess how it would impact Nielsen measurement. Engage in discussions on strategic direction of product from a client perspective. Confidently represent Data Science methods and approaches to internal and external partners and clients. Participate in internal and external knowledge exchanges (conferences, workshops, webinars)
