You have experience in the delivery of analytics solutions within business. Your knowledge and expertise is at a senior level. Our client is seeking a Senior Data Scientist for their Houston office. Take the lead in this senior level position. About this role In the role as the Senior Data Scientist you will be part of the subsurface and wells data science team. As the Senior Data Scientist you will responsible for initiation, development & delivery of data science solutions in an agile fashion to the business in order. This will provide insights & improvements to business processes, or support the creation of innovative business models. As a data scientists you will use data and your analytical ability to find and interpret rich data sources; manage large amounts of data; merge data sources; ensure consistency of datasets. You will create visualizations to aid in understanding data, build mathematical models using the data, and present and communicate the data findings to produce and present results with dashboards. Your role for a senior level position on a team. You will be expected to lead projects and give advice to junior members of the team as needed. Duties: Preparing and Identifying Requirements for a data science service;Preparing a work scope for a data science service; Executing the data science work scope;Final Review of the data science service/work;In charge of the closeout, quality review and customer satisfaction survey.You will be Accountable for: Defining objectives and strategies for information and data exploitation through analytics;Defining and maintaining policies and standards for information and data analytics;Developing roles, responsibilities and competencies for information and data analytics;Development and execution of enterprise improvement plan for information and data analytics.Special Challenges: Building constructive and trusting relationships with mostly remote business stakeholders;Dealing with challenges in data acquisition from other parts of the business.In this role as Data Scientist you will report into the Manager Data scientists as member. In some projects as the Senior Data Scientist you will work with a junior colleague doing parts of the actual work. About you Required:Bachelor or master's degree in statistics, mathematics, theoretical science, operational research or computer science;MBA/ PHD in relevant domain is strongly preferred;Significant experience in data science delivery in a corporate environment.Highly Desirable: Awareness of lifecycle and data management is desirable;Awareness of information and data strategy and governance is desirable;Commercial skills are an advantage.Your Skills: Hands-on code development (R, Python, MatLab, SAS);Use of advanced analytics technology in the context of application deployment;Expertise in data source extraction (ETL) is also strongly preferable (HANA, SQL, Oracle, SharePoint, Hadoop, Spark);Solid understanding of the Upstream business - preferably from working with or in that business;Strong technical skills and direct, hands-on experience of developing advanced analytics algorithms/models;Skilled in analytics, data design integrity, and value exploitation.You must have strong interpersonal, communication, facilitation and presentation skills. This is a senior level position where you will have interaction with people in all levels of business. Start the process and Apply now. What we offer Why work through Brunel? We start with competitive rates, a comprehensive benefits package and a 401k. With our industry insights and recruiter expertise, we are ideally placed to help you get the contract that best suits you. With Brunel you will gain experience and expertise, building on your skills and developing your career further. About us Brunel has a reputation for working with some of the best in the business. That's what we continually strive for. Over 40 years, we've created a global network of interesting clients and talented individuals working together through a vast array of services. Join us today.
