Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a member of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Data Scientist in Janssen Business Technology located in Spring House, PA, Titusville, NJ or Raritan, NJ. At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. We focus on treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating and complex diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science, wherever it might be found. The Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson provide medicines for an array of health concerns in several therapeutic areas. Our ultimate goal is to help people live healthy lives. We have produced and marketed many first-in-class prescription medications and are poised to serve the broad needs of the healthcare market - from patients to practitioners, from clinics to hospitals. For more about the Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, visit: http://www.janssenpharmaceuticalsinc.com/. We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. The Data Sciences department within Janssen Pharmaceuticals is looking for an extraordinary Scientist who is passionate about crafting, developing, and fielding data mining solutions that have direct impact to patients and Janssen. There are many ways to explore and analyze data, and this drives the excitement and passion of data scientists at Janssen as many business units are eager to use the data to build business value. In this role you will stay on the cutting edge of data mining research by doing novel research and developing algorithms to influence decisions at various levels in the organization, including but not limited to patient/payer analytics, commercial strategy, and patient support program analytics. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms and the creativity to invent and customize when necessary. You will be part of a dynamic, accomplished informatics team that will support multiple therapeutic areas. Qualifications Required Qualifications M.S. with 2 years of experience, or Ph.D degree, in Computer Sciences, Statistics, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence, Physics, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics, Computational Informatics, Medical Informatics, Computational Biology or a related discipline. Strong working knowledge of data mining algorithms including machine learning techniques such as regression, decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, neural networks, Bayesian models. Familiarity with large datasets, handling of healthcare relevant datasets and understanding of data analysis workflows. Proficient with one or more programming language such as R, Python, SAS or Java. Experience delivering on data science projects using predictive technologies, data mining and/or text mining. This position can be based in one of our following locations: Spring House, PA, Raritan, NJ or Titusville, NJ. Preferred Qualifications: Deep understanding of R&D and commercial deployment process. Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House- Other Locations North America-United States-New Jersey-Titusville, North America-United States-New Jersey-Raritan Organization Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084) Job Function Info Technology Requisition ID 0014190321
