Description

Job Requisition:

Data Scientist TS/SCI with Polygraph

Job Description:

Leidos is looking for a Data Scientist for a position in the Northern Virginia area. This position requires a TS/SCI with Polygraph clearance.

We are looking for a data scientist to grow its existing automation efforts by enhancing its data analysis and data architecture practices. The data scientist will establish working data sets, configurations, and profiles in support of metric analysis. The data scientist will have proven data architecture experience and have an interest in taking on project-management responsibilities. Candidate must understand and analyze structured and unstructured data.

Mandatory Skills:

Requires a BS Degree or equivalent experience and less than 2 years prior relevant experience

Demonstrated experience establishing initial working data sets, configurations, and profiles to support metrics analysis

Demonstrated experience designing and implementing advanced design configurations for complex data sets

Demonstrated experience using SQL Developer for data analysis

Demonstrated experience using Piwik data to meet analysis and reporting needs

Demonstrated experience producing monthly reports to evaluate usage of programs and applications

Demonstrated experience producing reports/metrics to answer immediate needs

Demonstrated experience implementing coordination processes

Demonstrated experience updating key project stakeholders on project status and convey technical issues

Demonstrated experience using Microsoft Excel in data manipulation

Demonstrated experience with relational databases in Oracle using SQL

Desired Skills:

Demonstrated experience with developing data visualizations in Tableau

Demonstrated experience with Project Management Framework and implementation of project management processes

External Referral Bonus:

Eligible

Potential for Telework:

No

Clearance Level Required:

Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph

Travel:

No

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day

Requisition Category:

Professional

Job Family:

Data Scientist

1000

Intelligence

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
