Senior Data Scientist

Overview

OUR STORY

We are a company with integrated luxury and lifestyle offerings centered on Movement, Nutrition and Regeneration. In addition to Equinox, our other brands, Blink, Pure Yoga, SoulCycle, Furthermore, and Equinox Hotels are all recognized for inspiring and motivating members and employees to maximize life. Within our portfolio of brands, we have more than 200 locations within every major city across the United States in addition to London, Toronto, & Vancouver.

OUR CODE

We are passionate about high performance living and we practice what we preach – investing time in our own health and fitness. We believe that everyone has untapped potential within them and it takes a disruptive approach to unleash it. We dream big and don’t settle for the status quo. We sweat the details. We never accept less than 110% to help each other deliver the Equinox experience and enable our members to get great results. We are obsessed with what’s new, what’s now, what’s next. Never following, always leading, living ahead of the moment in fashion, culture and consumer behavior. We aren’t just a company; we’re a community vested in each other’s success. We value humility and a team approach at every level of the company.

If you are a high performing individual who is passionate about winning and inspiring others, then we are excited to discuss career opportunities with you.

Job Description

Equinox is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Data Insights team. This role is a hands-on engineering and researching position responsible for using machine learning and statistical tools to leverage management and member experience. This role will also be involved in Equinox Innovation team which aims at building up next generation digital platform to bring our members completely new experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Gathering and analyzing data, performing POC analysis from a statistical perspective, identifying key factors, building prototypes and reporting findings to product owners;

Formulating machine learning/statistical/optimization approaches according to business metrics, designing features from rich data sources, training, evaluating and deploying models;

Implementing statistical testing to measure the success of projects and business impact;

Researching forefront techniques, proposing and initiating innovative data science efforts to drive management efficiency and member experience;

Designing and building up scalable data science pipelines, creating high-performance APIs within engineering according to business requirements, maintaining data science pipelines;

Constructing APIs for data gathering, exploring and performing QA for third party data;

Learning and sharing knowledge about data science, proposing the capability of data science to business team.

Qualifications

Bachelor degree in a computational science with 2+ years of post graduate work experience in Machine Learning/Statistics/Data Science, Master degree is preferred;

Experience with traditional as well as modern machine learning/statistical techniques, including Regression, Classification, Regularization, Ensemble Methods, Deep Neural Network, Causal Inference, and Hypothesis Testing;

3+ years experience with programming languages, such as Python, R, Java, C/C++; familiarity with Linux/Unix/Shell environments, Python preferred.

3+ years experience in working with large-scale database, experience with AWS products is preferred;

2+ years hands-on skills in sourcing, cleaning, manipulating and analyzing large volumes of data;

Strong written and oral communication skills.

2+ years experience in building and maintaining large scale data/machine learning pipelines in online advertising, recommender system, ecommerce or relevant areas;

Experience leading machine learning/data science projects;

Experience working with product, sales and other key stakeholders to drive business success.

Additional Information

AS A MEMBER OF THE EQUINOX TEAM YOU WILL RECEIVE:

We offer competitive salary, benefits and industry leading commission opportunities for club employees

Complimentary Club membership

30- 50% discounts on all Equinox products and services including Personal Training, Private Pilates, Spa and Café’ services and Shop items

This job description is intended to describe the general requirements for the position. It is not a complete statement of duties, responsibilities or requirements. Other duties not listed here may be assigned as necessary to ensure the proper operations of the department.

Equinox is an equal opportunity employer. For more information regarding our career opportunities, please visit one of our clubs or our website at https://careers.equinox.com/

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines. Must have a legal right to work in the United States.
