SUMMARY: The Data Scientist is part of BankUnited's newly formed Analytics Center of Excellence (CoE). This dynamic team of talented professionals is tasked with the development of a comprehensive advanced analytics infrastructure for the purpose of delivering high value analytic solutions and/or tools to enable data-driven strategic decision-making. The team operates in an Agile-based fast paced environment. Every team member is expected to be highly analytical, collaborative, creative and have strong communication skills.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties and special projects may be assigned.

Develops software code and/or algorithms to explore, extract, clean, integrate and otherwise prepare data for consumption into models or business intelligence (BI).

Works collaboratively with other data scientists and team members to develop statistical or machine learning models for a variety of applications across the bank.

Helps translate business questions into quantitative methods used to answer them and support data-driven strategic decision making.

Develops advanced BI dashboards and visualizations. Presents complex concepts in a format digestible by a diverse audience across the organization.

Helps advance the team's continued education in advancements in data science, techniques and practices.

QUALIFICATIONS/COMPETENCIES

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE and SKILLS:

Degree in a STEM field (Advanced degree preferred) with particular emphasis on coursework or experience using statistical models.

Prior relevant work experience preferred, but recent graduates will also be considered.

Advanced knowledge and expertise in predictive modeling, toolsets and machine learning.

Proficiency in programming languages, particularly R, Python and SQL.

Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau.

Solid knowledge of current technology data architecture, particularly data lakes and cloud environments.

Ability to understand the business context and value derived from the various business cases undertaken.

Strong interpersonal skills to manage relationships across different divisions within the entire company.

Strong communication skills (both verbal and written) with the ability to articulate complex concepts into a format digestible by a diverse audience.

Ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines, manage competing initiatives and adapt to an ever changing work pace with a focus on accuracy and attention to detail.

DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS:

Direct experience working on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) analytics platform.

Experience in financial services.

Prior experience working in an Agile framework.

CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:

Agile / Scrum Master preferred

Amazon Web Services (AWS) Professional certification preferred

Formal Credit Training is recommended
