About Synechron  Synechron, one of the fastest-growing digital, business consulting  technology services providers, is a 500 million firm based in New York. Since inception in 2001, Synechron has been on a steep growth trajectory. With 8000+ professionals operating in 18 countries across the world, it has presence across USA, Canada, UK, France, The Netherlands, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Serbia, Hungary, Germany, Italy, UAE, Singapore, Hong Kong, Philippines, Japan, Australia and Development Centers in India.  For more details, visit us at   Synechron Inc. is looking to hire Sr. Machine Learning (Data Scientist) at Jersey City, NJ.   Key Responsibilities  Works closely with technology and Business partners to understand data associated with Trade processing, Settlements and Regulatory controls  Use historic data along with statistical algorithms and machine learning techniques to identify trends, drive decision making , improve business performance and predict behavior.  Be the main Point person for various NLP, ML initiatives with multiple implementation partner  Cleary communicate visualizations and models developed to Business partners  Work with business and dev team to improve success rate and accuracy of the model   Required Qualifications and Skills  Mathematical and machine learning expert that knows Python like the back of their hand.  Masters in Statistics, Math, Quantitative Finance or Computer Science.  5-8 years work experience  2+ years programming experience in R or Python and the scientific Python suite (numpy, pandas, sci-kit-learn, matplotlib, Jupyter notebooks)  2+ years experience on Data Visualization tools like Qlikview, Tableau, Infogram  Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools  Experience with Rule Based Models, Monte Carlo simulations and Statistics Time Series Modelling  Exposure to ML algorithms including Decision Trees, Conditional Trees, Neural Networks  Familiarity with deep learning (TensorFlow, Keras, or PyTorch)  Familiarity with Matlab  Enjoys working on small, agile teams  Familiarity working with Unstructured data sets  Proven experience in developing and maintaining detailed technical documentation for models, model validation, project plans and processes.  Ability to meet deadlines for product deliverables in a timely, proactive manner.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills , must be able to explain analysis and models clearly to varied target audience.  Knowledge of Trade Processing functions across asset classes will be a big plus  Highly motivated, self starter and self directed and excellent team player.   If interested please send in your updated resume to or you can reach me on 732-593-8332.   Parimal Bhatter

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Jersey City, NJ 07097 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         3 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_1a862be49cd3b2d6ef10588fb6cf248f
