Fiat Chrysler Automobiles is looking to fill the full-time position of a Data Scientist. This position is responsible for delivering insights to the commercial functions in which FCA operates.
 
The Data Scientist is a role in the Business Analytics & Data Services (BA) department and reports through the CIO. They will play a pivotal role in the planning, execution, and delivery of data science and machine learning-based projects. The bulk of the work will be in areas of data exploration and preparation, data collection and integration, machine learning (ML) and statistical modeling and data pipe-lining and deployment.
 
The newly hired data scientist will be a key interface between the ICT Sales & Marketing team, the Business and the BA team. Candidates need to be very much self-driven, curious and creative.
 
Primary Responsibilities:
  
 

 Problem Analysis and Project Management:   Guide and inspire the organization about the business potential and strategy of artificial intelligence (AI)/data science.  Identify data-driven/ML business  opportunities.  Collaborate across the business to understand IT and business  constraints.  Prioritize, scope and manage data science projects and the corresponding key performance indicators (KPIs) for success   

 Data Exploration and Preparation : Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data, such as hierarchical clustering, T-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE), principal components analysis (PCA). Generate and test hypotheses about the underlying mechanics of the business process. Network with domain experts to better understand the business mechanics  that generated the data.   

 Data Collection and Integration : Understand new data sources and process pipelines. Catalog and document their use in solving business problems. Create data pipelines and assets the enable more efficiency and repeatability of data science activities.  

 Data Exploration and Preparation : Apply statistical analysis and visualization techniques to various data, such as hierarchical clustering, T-distributed Stochastic Neighbor Embedding (t-SNE), principal components analysis (PCA)  

 Machine Learning and Statistical Modelling : Apply various ML and advanced analytics techniques to perform classification or prediction tasks.  Integrate domain knowledge into the ML solution; for example, from an understanding of financial risk, customer journey, quality prediction, sales,  marketing.  Testing of ML models, such as cross-validation, A/B testing, bias and fairness   

 Operationalization : Collaborate with ML operations (MLOps), data engineers, and IT to evaluate and implement ML deployment options  (Help to) integrate model performance management tools into the current business  infrastructure.  (Help to) implement a champion/challenger test (A/B tests) on production  systems.  Continuously monitor the execution and health of production ML  models.  Establish best practices around ML production infrastructure  

 Other Responsibilities : Train other business and IT staff on basic data science principles and techniques.  Train peers on specialist data science  topics.  Promote collaboration with the data science COE within the organization.  
  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Detroit, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4268_5000464394810
