3M is seeking a Data Science Engineering Intern for a graduate Research and Development (R&D) internship located in Maplewood, Minnesota for Summer 2020. Here, you go.

As an intern, you can grow through challenging work, get involved in meaningful projects and receive great coaching from our leaders. Here, you can apply your talent in bold ways that matter.

An internship is a temporary position within 3M. Interns typically work a full-time schedule throughout a 10-12 week assignment. This position is limited to working 899 hours per service credit year. 3M provides eligible interns with temporary housing and round-trip travel reimbursement in accordance with current policy.

Applications on this requisition are reviewed and filled on a rolling basis; it is in a candidate’s best interest to apply as soon as possible. Interested candidates should include a resume as part of their application.

Job Summary:

The persons hired for a summer intern position of Data Scientist will help develop technologies in the areas of machine learning, data science, deep learning, artificial intelligence, and/or computer vision that create new opportunities for 3M and will develop digital product solutions or digital manufacturing solutions, capitalizing on 3M’s unique materials, advanced technologies, and global reach. At 3M, our data scientists analyze data, create algorithms, and develop real-world solutions for many businesses and markets, including health information, worker safety, digital oral care, power grid, transportation, novel inspection and measurement processes for manufacturing, and many more.

Primary Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following:

Leverage expertise to support development of new technologies, providing growth opportunities, in addition to supporting existing 3M products, businesses, and operations.

Optimize algorithms for computational efficiency, speed, and usability

Build capabilities with software tools e.g., Microsoft Azure ML and/or AWS ML

Collaborate with research teams in corporate research and business labs on building capabilities and applications that use his/her scientific and computational skills

Support algorithm development and deploy solutions based on real-world data

Basic Qualifications:

Currently pursuing a master’s or doctoral degree in science or engineering from an accredited institute

Preferred Qualifications:

Currently pursuing a Master’s or Doctoral degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Data Science, Software Engineering, or related discipline from an accredited program

Experience with Microsoft Azure ML and/or AWS ML

Experience in machine learning, deep learning, data science, computer vision, artificial intelligence, statistics, and/or applied mathematics

Fluent in one or more programming languages (e.g. Python, MATLAB, C, C++, and/or R)

Experienced with Azure and AWS cloud services and data analytics tools

Strong scientific and technical acumen, with demonstrated interest and ability to make connections between science/technology and real-world concerns

Strong problem solving skills

Ability to deal with the ambiguity of early-stage scouting and evaluation of new opportunities and the flexibility to change direction as additional information becomes available

Leadership and networking skills

Self-motivated and self-directed

Excellent communication skills (oral, written and presentation)

Responsibilities of this position may include direct and/or indirect physical or logical access to information, systems, technologies subjected to the regulations/compliance with U.S. Export Control Laws.

U.S. Export Control laws and U.S. Government Department of Defense contracts and sub-contracts impose certain restrictions on companies and their ability to share export-controlled and other technology and services with certain "non-U.S. persons" (persons who are not U.S. citizens or nationals, lawful permanent residents of the U.S., refugees, "Temporary Residents" (granted Amnesty or Special Agricultural Worker provisions), or persons granted asylum (but excluding persons in nonimmigrant status such as H-1B, L-1, F-1, etc.) or non-U.S. citizens.

To comply with these laws, and in conjunction with the review of candidates for those positions within 3M that may present access to export controlled technical data, 3M must assess employees' U.S. person status, as well as citizenship(s).

The questions asked in this application are intended to assess this and will be used for evaluation purposes only. Failure to provide the necessary information in this regard will result in our inability to consider you further for this particular position. The decision whether or not to file or pursue an export license application is at 3M Company's sole election.
