ENGIE Insight, formerly Ecova, partners with multi-site businesses that aim to thrive in a sustainable world. With a foundation of accurate and comprehensive resource data – including energy, water, waste and telecom – we apply technology and people expertise to lower costs, drive efficiencies and reduce environmental impact. More than 1,000 customers, including 25%+ of the Fortune 500, turn to ENGIE Insight to help move their sustainable resource management initiatives forward.

ENGIE Insight’s people are our greatest strength, bound by our vision to enable a sustainable world where people, organizations and the environment thrive. We are passionate about making our company and the world a better place; responsible in working with commitment and accountability; collaborative with our colleagues and clients, and agile enough to work in a dynamic, changing industry.

The wide-ranging expertise of our diverse team fuels the innovation that places us on the leading edge of the energy industry. As such, we nurture a company culture—through training, mentoring and professional development—that encourages all employees to thrive. If this the kind of place you see yourself working, we invite you to join ENGIE Insight.

*In order to be considered for the role, your resume must be attached in your application.

Position Summary

The Associate Data Scientist will be joining an industry-leading R&D team with extensive academic and industry experience in building energy analytics, solving physical system-based real-life big data problems. The Associate Data Scientist’s work will support the development of new algorithms used to help solve the real-world energy problems.

Role Description

Mine industrial-size data sets in various states of cleanliness for insights

Refine and verify statistical and machine learning algorithms within the Analytics R&D group

Assist the Analytics R&D team in running energy and algorithmic models and interpreting the results

Evaluate business and technology tradeoffs and report them in a manner that product and business teams can make decisions on final specifications

Qualifications

Role Competencies

BS required, advanced degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent field desired

Strong mathematical background with teachable knowledge of various analytic methodologies such as signal processing, model selection, model verification, optimization, artificial neural networks, Bayesian, etc0-3 years of experience developing, testing, and evaluating algorithms including statistical and machine learning

Proficient in large-scale SQL/NoSQL database queries, with associated statistical analyses including the following areas: non-linear and multi-variate regressions, logistic regression, time series analyses, and probabilistic and classification models.

Intermediate level knowledge of statistical tools (e.g., R, MatLab, etc.)

Familiarity with scripting prototyping/scripting languages, e.g., Python

Experience with real-world commercial data analytics and visualization

Comfortable with working in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment while maintaining strict customer data privacy requirements

Uncompromising integrity and ethical standards

Familiarity with cloud storage and processing technologies is desired

ENGIE Insight Information

Our salaries are competitive and commensurate with experience. We are a performance-based culture and have goal-based incentive programs and generous employee benefits. Our comprehensive benefit package includes medical, dental, vision insurance, life, AD&D, short- and long-term disability insurance. We also offer flexible spending accounts and 401(k) with a generous employer match.

ENGIE Insight is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, color, national origin, ancestry, sex, sexual orientation or preference, religion, marital status, citizenship, veteran status, or physical or mental disability.

Connect with ENGIE Insight: Twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | Blog | Videos | Webinars

Job

: Digital and IT

Primary Location

: North America-United States-Massachusetts-Boston

Organization

: Technology

Schedule

: Part-time

Nature of Responsibility

: Operational / Administrative role

Job Posting

: Aug 22, 2019, 6:50:17 PM
