Primary Purpose:

Generate data-driven insights by compiling and analyzing data across all of National General’s direct to consumer brands, utilizing technical skills as well as business expertise to drive value for the organization. Provide influence and support to cross-functional teams and other key stakeholders on ideas and solutions to drive top and bottom line results.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time.

Utilize skills in data acquisition, analysis, and visualization to provide reporting and insights that drive marketing strategy and decision making

Create and maintain databases that democratize marketing KPIs and drive intellectual curiosity across the organization

Deliver insights into multi-touch marketing attribution, campaign performance, and customer journey through data source identification and processing, model development, and visualization best practices

Work with key stakeholders to maintain an in depth understanding of multiple business units in order to drive maximum business value for assigned projects

Minimum Skills and Competencies:

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Bachelor Degree or in-lieu of degree equivalent education, training and work-related experience

3+ years of experience building and maintaining large transactional datasets and/or using various database tools (Hadoop, SQL) to process large volumes of structured and unstructured data

3+ years of experience in a related field such as data analysis, marketing analytics, web analytics, or business intelligence

Proven aptitude in programming languages such as R, Python, SQL, and SAS

Advanced proficiency with business intelligence tools such as Power BI and Tableau

Excellent project management and organizational skills

High degree of skill in both verbal and written communication to senior and executive leadership

Intellectual curiosity and a desire to drive value to the top and bottom line

Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)

Desired Skills:

Degree in quantitative field such as Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering

Understanding of retail, e-commerce, and/or call center environments

Experience with direct to consumer marketing attribution modeling, digital media analytics, and/or web analytics

Familiarity with Data Management Platforms for digital marketing

Demonstrated skills in data mining, machine learning, and dynamic optimization

Job posting ID: 2019-2651

About National General Holdings:

National General Holdings Corp. is headquartered in New York City. National General traces its roots to 1939, has a financial strength rating of A– (excellent) from A.M. Best, and provides personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, motorcycle, supplemental health, and other niche insurance products. We are a specialty personal lines insurance holding company. Through our subsidiaries, we provide a variety of insurance products, including personal and commercial automobile, homeowners, umbrella, recreational vehicle, supplemental health, lender-placed and other niche insurance products.

National General is a fast paced, dynamic, and entrepreneurial organization. Our team members live by and exemplify what we call the 4Es. At National General, we are Energized, Engaged, Empowered, and we Execute every day in order to provide an exceptional experience for our customers! We are passionate about our organization and the value that we add every day. A successful candidate with National General will embody the 4Es. Our team is poised to outperform the competition. We are National General Insurance and with us you can be extraordinary! Come join our team!

Companies and Partners

Direct General Auto & Life, Personal Express Insurance, Century-National Insurance, ABC Insurance Agencies, NatGen Preferred, NatGen Premier, Seattle Specialty, National General Lender Services, ARS, RAC Insurance Partners, Mountain Valley Indemnity, New Jersey Skylands, Adirondack Insurance Exchange, VelaPoint, Quotit, HealthCompare, AHCP, NHIC, Healthcare Solutions Team, North Star Marketing, Euro Accident.

In addition to a phenomenal career opportunity, National General Insurance offers an excellent benefits package including:

Paid Training

Medical, Dental, Vision benefits

Wellness Programs

Life and Short/Long Term Disability Insurance

401k w/ Company Match

Company Paid Holidays & Generous Time-off policy

Employee Discount Program

Career Advancement and Development Opportunities

On-site Healthcare Clinic (Winston-Salem and Cleveland offices)

On-site Fitness Center (Cleveland and Dallas offices)

Subsidized parking (Cleveland office)

National General Holdings Corp. is an Equal Opportunity (EO) employer – Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of any characteristic protected by law. Candidates must possess authorization to work in the United States, as it is not our practice to sponsor individuals for work visas.

In the event you need assistance or accommodation in completing your online application, please contact NGIC main office by phone at (336) 435-2000.
