Artificial intelligence is revolutionizing the health care industry. In 5 to 10 years, hospitals, pharmacies, and physicians' offices will operate very differently than they do today. At Omnicell, we are inspired to be part of this change. As the leading innovator in pharmacy- and medication-management systems, providing services and solutions to more than 4000 hospitals worldwide, we have geared up for the health care revolution. The main focus of the Data Science Innovation Team (DSIT) is to make Omnicell's vision of an autonomous pharmacy a reality. As a member of the DSIT, you will have autonomy to collaborate with every team in the organization, and you will be able to directly connect to decision makers without dealing with bureaucracy. You will lead and participate in multiple projects on various timelines. You will be expected to develop strong working relationships with various departments, to represent the DSIT, to provide direction for members of all levels and departments, and to speak about new and upcoming developments in your field. Responsibilities Lead, design, and develop cutting edge AI technologies (ML models, algorithms, etc) in medication management, patient behavioral modeling, and anomaly detection Drive cross functional data science projects from beginning to end: from idealization and problem formulation to technology development, and working with other stakeholders for implementation Work with product and design teams to plan how to shape product and communicate data insights to non-experts Create value by anticipating and meeting needs of internal and external customers and delivering high-quality results and be accountable for outcomes Knowledge / Skills: Strong background in Statistics and Machine Learning with extensive practical experiences in developing AI solutions to solve real-work problems. Hands-on experience with statistical analysis and data mining tools, such as R, Python, Scala, etc. Ability to balance sophistication with simplicity, scientific rigor with pragmatism, and agility with quality. Strong problem-solving skills with emphasis on product development Deep knowledge and experience in statistical and machine learning techniques (e.g. supervised / unsupervised learning, optimization, parametric / nonparametric modeling, Bayesian statistics, etc) Strong skills in communicating and presenting data-derived insights to non-technical audiences appropriately A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff Basic Qualification Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative discipline with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithms 7+ years of experience in statistical modeling and developing machine learning algorithm Experience in handling massive datasets and expertise in big data technologies Preferred Qualifications Domain knowledge and past experiences in health care, medication management, patient care, etc. Experience and/or background in pharmacy informatics. Experience in diversion detection, opioids, or antimicrobial stewardship
