Job Description

I am a Lead Talent Acquisition Specialist at STI (Software Technology, Inc) and I am reaching out to you with an exciting job opportunity.

Position is of a Sr Data Scientist. Location: Mettawa, IL. This position is open for fulltime & contract

Below is a detailed job description. Should you be interested, please feel free to reach me via call or email. Amrutha.duddula at stiorg.com/732-664-8807

Title: Sr Data Scientist

Location: Mettawa, IL

Duration: Fulltime/Contract

JOB DESCRIPTION:

We’re looking for data scientists with a passion for seeking deeper insights and meaning hidden in disparate data sets to unlock sustainable competitive advantages and deliver unprecedented patient impact and business outcomes. The Senior Data Scientist role is a high profile role, with direct line of sight into all clients working directly with partners and client executives. The Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, and Probabilistic modeling and Predictive Analytics solutions within our Big Pharma and Life Sciences Practice.

ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:

Work independently with Analytics leaders and business partners to complete impact studies

Build sound statistical and probabilistic models to link disparate data sources with deterministic as well as advanced probabilistic methods

Working towards a common goal, contribute to the team to deliver new solutions, enhancements, or AI-based tools that rapidly deliver impact to business leaders.

Use Patient attributes, Patient types, HCP behaviors & attitudes to create machine learning, predictive algorithms & recommendation engines

Use activity data, spending data and market data to create regression models for investment (NPV) maximization scenarios.

Build probabilistic models for understanding & improving customer journeys as part of

Create predictive models for forecasting patient evolution, market demand, pricing component using Real World Data

Use structured and unstructured data from publications, social media listening, industry congresses, symposia and other fora, Key Opinion Leader & Thought Leader publications and A/V etc. to create ontologies for medical and scientific platform for various drugs in Oncology, Immunology, Virology, Neuroscience, etc. Develop market drivers and discover unmet needs, create message heuristics based on deep learning and AI.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Passion for learning and innovating with new methodologies at the intersection of applied math / probability / statistics and computer science.

Proficient in translating unstructured business problems into an abstract mathematical framework

Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner usually summarized in Powerpoint as well as using interactive data visualization tools like Jupyter or Zeppelin notebooks, Qlik Sense dashboards, and/ or other portal based interactive visualizations

Ability to build fully interactive visualizations using JS frameworks like leaflet.js, CSS & HTML is a plus

Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to describe the logic and implications of a complex model to all types of partners (product managers, engineers, designers, senior executives)

MS degree or equivalent in computer science, statistics, mathematics, physics, economics, finance, engineering, machine learning or related field preferred (PhD would be a plus)

 MUST SKILLS:

4+ years relevant experience with a proven track record of leveraging machine learning or AI to drive significant business impact

Preferably experience in Pharma or healthcare industry.

Fluency in Python. Expert knowledge of common data structures and ability to write efficient code in Python.

Experience with large data sets and distributed computing using big data stores such as Apache Spark (SparkSQL, PySpark).

Expertise in development of a sound Machine Learning foundation, including expertise in combining disparate datasets and development of customized algorithms

Experience using advanced data analysis & visualization platforms such as Palantir Foundry, IBM Watson, Looker, or equivalent is a plus.

Experience in AI and pattern recognition techniques in Natural Language Processing of scientific documents with Health care industry taxonomy would be a plus

Experience or at least Familiarity with pharmaceutical prescription, sales activity and promotional data (IMS / IQVIA data sets, Veeva, Real world data, Real world evidence, DRG, etc.)

If you have any questions, please feel free to reach me via email or phone.

Thank you,

Amrutha Duddula

Lead Talent Acquisition Specialist

Software Technology Inc (STI)

Email: amrutha.duddula at stiorg.com

Phone : 732-664-8807

www.stiorg.com

www.linkedin.com/in/amruthad/

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
