Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. Our business has been growing for more than 55 years and now is the best time in our history to join us. We are opening more locations every year and we are always looking for qualified individuals to join us in our growth. We are a company that promotes from within, both in our retail and corporate operations. In order to schedule the right number and kinds of people daily for each store, we need to predict customer demand and the reasons why customers visit and purchase at our stores. A primary responsibility of this role is to develop, refine, manage and maintain mathematical models to forecast customer demand. In addition, this role will develop and refine companion statistical models to translate the forecasts into a schedule May be required to support a wide range of additional insights and innovations related to store Operations Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Defines business problems solves highly complex work critical to the organization in collaboration with stakeholders. Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, data mining, data visualization, simulation, and optimization; interprets disparate data/ complex data sets/ structured and unstructured data and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives Develops scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation Prepares and manipulates data for use in development of statistical models Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions; summarizes and presents conclusions and solutions Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees; translates into business contexts which then enables stakeholders to make informed business decisions Assists employees, vendors or other customers by answering questions related to Data Science processes, procedures and services. Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service. Other duties as assigned. Job Requirements Qualifications: This position requires a minimum of five years of progressive business intelligence analytics designing, building, and implementing business solutions using information technology. Experience developing predictive mathematical models is necessary including but not limited to, algorithm development and logic is necessary. Domain knowledge in retail, manufacturing, store operations, automotive, real estate, or services is helpful. Business acumen knowledge and understanding of business operations, challenges/ issues, priorities, goals and strategy is required. Demonstrated strong quantitative analysis experience working with large, complex datasets to aggregate, organize, and prepare data for use in business analytics is required. Experience with data integration, profiling, cleansing and normalization: structured, unstructured, 3rd party is necessary. Strong proficiency with data visualization techniques is necessary. Proven knowledge of statistical analysis and insights, including but not limited to, cluster analysis and data mining is needed. Machine learning and AI, including image recognition experience preferred. Ability to frame solutions to complex problems is vital. Previous experience working with Digital data assets, such as, CRM: Customer behavior and sentiment, and the impact of marketing and merchandizing on the web is necessary. Experience with Econometrics, including but not limited to, price elasticity modeling; pricing and promotions is preferred. Experience with simulation, network optimization, and workflow analysis is preferred. Strong ability to take initiative and find problems or solutions that have yet to be considered is needed. Knowledge of various databases with the ability to code in Python R and SQL is required. Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint is required. Demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization is necessary; must be able to clearly articulate technical ideas to a non-technical audience both verbally and in writing. Educational Requirements: Master's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field Work Days: Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary. Work Hours: Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.
