We are:

Applied Intelligence, the people who love using data to tell a story. We’re also the world’s largest team of data scientists, data engineers, and experts in machine learning and AI. A great day for us? Solving big problems using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge of just about every industry. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation, and responsible AI can do almost anything—spark digital metamorphoses, widen the range of what humans can do, and breathe life into smart products and services. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? Visit us here to find out more about Applied Intelligence.

You are:

A data maven with serious analytical and statistical chops. You know how to take massive amounts of data and find the insights our clients need to help their companies do more.

The work:

Use statistics, data mining, machine learning, and deep learning techniques to deliver data driven insights for the healthcare industry

Work with Accenture teams and clients to understand their challenges and create solutions

Be a thought leader for your team on projects and about leading technologies

Stay on top of trends in AI

Here’s what you need:

At least 2 years designing and building healthcare data analysis solutions for the business payer or provider industry

At least 2 years using new developments in AI, machine learning, cognitive systems, and robotics to build amazing analytical tools

At least of 2 years working with tools like SAS, Python, SPSS, R, or SQL

At least 2 years working with data integration tools to streamline processes in platforms like Cerner EMR, Apache Spark, MapReduce, MongoDB and Couchbase

Bonus points if:

You can use data mining techniques to solve real world business problems

You’re fluent in SQL and scripting languages like Python and Perl

You know how to use statistical analysis, data visualization and cleaning tools and techniques

You’ve designed and built data analysis solutions for a business payer or provider

You have a Masters or MBA in statistics, or mathematics

Double bonus points if you have a PhD in analytics, statistics or another quantitative discipline

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Accenture is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
