Data Scientist  
Exciting company in KOP area is looking to add a talented and passionate Data Scientist to their Data Team.&nbsp; They are a leader in their industry and known in the business as an amazing place to work that focuses on their employee&rsquo;s well-being and career development.&nbsp; Want to grow in your technical skills and be pushed by those around you? Then this is the place for you! 
Client has an impressive Data Science team staffed with accomplished professionals with PhD credentials from some of the nation&rsquo;s top schools. Company has bleeding edge analytics in Revenue Optimization, Digital Marketing Automation, Forecasting and more. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION  
The Data Scientist plays a pivotal role in a highly visible business unit within the organization. Client is leveraging machine learning and its vast data assets. The data scientists will join a cross functional team developing machine learning solutions for Revenue Optimization, Digital Marketing Automation, Forecasting and other applications. Collaborating with data engineers and subject matter experts, the data scientist will deliver results which support directional action by business teams across the Market Intelligence, Finance, Sales, Operations, and Technology functions. They will partner with other data scientists to establish best practices and thought leadership for a machine learning platform to serve broad business units. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES   
Develop a thorough understanding of business problems through interviewing stakeholders and subject matter experts 
Derive what is critical and what is extraneous to solving the business problem. Understand the data requirements for formulating the solution 
Research new data sets and determine their quality and feasibility 
Manipulate data to support various statistical techniques 
Build machine learning models appropriate for each business problem 
Collaborate with data engineers to ensure solutions are successfully operationalized 
Effective story telling with data. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers  
 CRITICAL COMPETENCIES   
Passionate about machine learning. A thought leader who researches latest tools, techniques, and trends and looks for innovative approaches 
Always learning &ndash; about data science, industry, market, business, etc. 
Critical thinking skills. Ability to assess a situation from multiple points of view 
High personal and professional standards; unassailable integrity and ethics 
High-energy and self-starter personality. 
Strong structured coding skills.  
 Qualifications:   
Masters or PhD in computer science, analytics or other Quantitative Discipline line of study 
At least 5+ years&rsquo; experience performing advanced quantitative analyses 
Experience with data visualization tools 
Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Kmeans, NLP, Naive Bayes, SVM, etc. Experience with recommendation engines. 
Applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. 
Experience with common data science toolkits in R and Python 
Experience working in with cloud environments 
Experience with relational databases and proficiency in query languages such as SQL  
&nbsp;  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             King of Prussia, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         35832
