Data Scientist - Actuary 
 
Job Title:    Data Scientist (2-10 years of experience)

Job Location:   North Reading, MA

Requirements:   Python, R, Statistical Modeling

Base Salary:   $100k-$120k DOE + Equity Package + Full Benefits

Start Date:   ASAP

We are a growing Healthcare startup looking to add our first Data Science Hire. This is a role that requires a self-starter. You will be working with large sets of data to understand it and come up with new products and ideas. Healthcare or Finance experience proffered, but not required.

 Are you a self starter that is excited to work with large data sets? Then, we cannot wait to meet you! Please apply now as interviews are on-going next week.

Unfortunately, we cannot sponsor for this role.   Top Reasons to Work with Us 
 1. Growing Startup!
2. First Data Science Hire!
3. Collaborative Team!     What You Need for this Position 
 At Least 1 Year of experience and knowledge of:

- R
- Statistical Modeling
- Python   What's In It for You 
 - Dental
- Vacation/PTO
- 401k
- Medical
- Vision  
 So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             North Reading, MA 01864 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         CB15-153130616
