B3 Group, Inc. is a fast-growing Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) certified health IT firm providing end-to-end technology support services to the federal government and enterprise customers. Our values-driven team of business, IT and management professionals blend innovation and client-first thinking to deliver sustainable solutions for better healthcare outcomes. Established in 2008 and located in Herndon, Virginia, B3 Group is founded on the principles of servant leadership. Those principles are reflected in every aspect of our operations.

B3 Group Inc. is looking for an experienced Sr. Data Scientists/Project Manager to support a Data Analytics program at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The successful candidates will have vast knowledge of multiple modeling and simulation techniques. They will have demonstrated experience in Identifying approaches best suited to unique client requirements and can clearly define risks and benefits to team to support informed decision-making. Seeking experience in coordinating internally and externally with customers and teams to identify model requirements, simulation goals, and variables to be applied. Also seeking experience with modeling and simulation constructs for complex multi network models utilizing multiple systems and scenarios. These roles will oversee multi event complex modeling and simulation events, analyze and document results and then present results to end users.

Key responsibilities:

Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses.

Build recommendation engines, spam classifiers, sentiment analyzers and classifiers for unstructured and semi-structured data.

Perform machine learning, natural language, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods.

Perform explanatory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns.

Integrate and prepare large, varied datasets for analysis. Identify and assess data attributes using statistical software packages in order to develop recommendations and analytical processes based on mission requirements.

Obtain critical information from cross-referenced datasets while collaborating with counterparts, customers, data stewards, project/program managers, and other IT teams.

Research, develop, implement and utilize statistical methods and strategies to address tactical and strategic problem sets, while working with a technical team.

Interpret and analyze data collected from a variety of sources using exploratory and statistical techniques, validating findings using an experimental and iterative approach.

Lead multifaceted scientific research and analytic activities and provide scientific and technical consultation about applicable best practices and new techniques.

Design and implement systematic and rigorous scientific procedures for determining reliability, validity and statistical confidence associated with specific technologies and methodologies.

In order to be successful in this position, we expect you to have the following skills and experience:

At least 10 years of relevant experience and strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, statistics, operations research, econometrics, natural language processing, and/or information retrieval

Prefer Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Econometrics or other related field.

Experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing, and modeling data; command-line scripting, data structures, and algorithms; and working in a Linux environment and proficiency in analysis packages (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab) and programming languages (e.g. Python, Ruby, Java, Scala)

Ability to translate engagement objectives to a project plan with milestones, and resource/technology requirements, and teach, lead, and manage projects to successful execution

Ability to lead and work across multiple engagements with clients to assess needs, provide assistance, and resolve problems, using excellent problem-solving skills and verbal/written communication to non-technical audiences.

Desired / Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated experience in the use of Scrum and Agile methodology and processes.

Experience supporting Department of Veterans Affairs or other federal organizations.

Successful B3 Group employees will display the following characteristics:

You strive to be an expert in your field currently and in the future.

You take care in learning your customer’s business and drivers in order to ensure solutions meet not only technical needs, but also support their mission properly in a way that meeting their client's mission.

You like to make your client look good.

You find solutions, where others only see problems.

You are proactive, you make and meet commitments, and you perform your duties exceedingly well.

You are aware of the client’s needs at all times and are well-versed in what both your team and B3 Group can offer them as a whole.

You have the ability to work with diverse, integrated, deliverable-driven teams to accomplish the larger mission.

Our Benefits

Our reputation is built upon the talents and integrity of our employees. We value the contributions of each and every person who is a member of our organization. We offer challenging career opportunities, competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package to include the following:

Paid Federal Holidays

Annual Leave/Paid Time Off (PTO) and Sick Leave

Health, Dental and Vision Insurance

401(k) plan with contribution match

Continuing education assistance

Flexible Spending Accounts

Profit Sharing

Employee Referral Program

Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment (AD&D) Insurance

Short (STD) and Long-Term Disability (LTD) Insurance

Employee Assistance Program

Performance Bonuses

About B3 Group, Inc.

B3 Group, Inc. is a fast-growing Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and HUBZone certified health IT firm providing end-to-end technology support services to the federal government and enterprise customers. Our values-driven team of business, IT and management professionals blend innovation and client-first thinking to deliver sustainable solutions for better healthcare outcomes.

Established in 2008 and located in a Historically Underutilized Business Zone (HUBZone) headquartered in Leesburg, Virginia, B3 Group is founded on the principles of servant leadership. Those principles are reflected in every aspect of our operations.

B3 Group, Inc. does not discriminate in employment opportunities, terms and conditions of employment, or practices on the basis of race, age, gender, religious or political beliefs, national origin or heritage, disability, sexual orientation, or any characteristic protected by law.
