VCU Health System's Enterprise Analytics department is seeking a full time Data Scientist II. The Data Scientist II applies and integrates statistical, mathematical, predictive modeling and business analysis skills to manage complex, high volume data from a variety of sources. This role supports strategic projects by collaborating with business teams in the creation and implementation of high level solutions utilizing data science and analytics capabilities. Leverage advanced business/analytic knowledge to execute tasks and assignments that support efforts toward improved analytical outcomes.

Responsibilities

Performs exploratory data analysis and predictive modeling using machine learning, statistical and mathematical analysis on complex data.

Interfaces with cross-functional teams to support and validate adherence to master data policies.

Provides technical leadership and support for data quality technology, including development, data profiling, and data quality assessments.

Formulates business rules governing use of the data, security of data, and for the data life cycle.

Contributes to the experimental design, execution, test and critical evaluation of methods as applied to data science research projects.

Supports and executes strategies related to improving the reporting and analytic capabilities through facilitating detailed requirements gathering, report / dashboard testing, training, and maintenance.

Qualifications

Required

Master's Degree in quantitative discipline (mathematics, statistics, economics, data science, and/or related field)

Knowledge of and application of healthcare research resources.

Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office suite – Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, MS Project

Proven problem solving and analytical skills

Excellent oral and written communication skills

3+ years of relevant work experience in the healthcare industry or comparable field in a project management of analytics role to include 2+ years of experience in strategic analysis, financial analysis, consulting or engineering

Intermediate /Advanced knowledge in at least one statistical/machine learning computer language (R, Python, SQL, JavaScript, Scala, Julia, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Intermediate/Advanced level expertise in all major business intelligence platforms (Cognos, Tableau, Excel, etc.)

Ability to make and coordinate modifications to existing functionality on all models platforms as well as the skill to troubleshoot as needed.

Demonstrated ability to have successfully completed multiple complex technical projects

Strong written communication skills

Preferred

Experience using SQL and/or SAS and Database Management Systems

Experience using R or Python to analyze big data sets is a plus

5+ years of relevant work experience in the healthcare industry or comparable field in a project management or analytics role

3+ years of experience in Data science field

Highly technical expertise in principle discipline and broad knowledge in related disciplines in revising or developing new analytical methods and procedures.

Intermediate/advanced knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks

EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disability status.

HR Use Only: PTO
