A leading hedge fund based in New York is looking for a talented data scientist to join a growing team. The team are focused on utilising alternative data using sophisticated machine learning methods to create meaningful insights for the Portfolio Management team. This role has a significant amount of freedom to define your research agenda and offers great career growth potential. The hedge fund is a leading global name covering multiple asset classes. The firm are committed to using the most innovative forms of data to gain a competitive edge on the rest of the market. With a well rounded approach to conducting investment research, they are able to provide their traders with rigorous analyses and robust alpha signals based on both fundamental and cutting edge technological analysis. Role ProfileThe Data Scientist will work in close conjunction with the investment team to produce idea generating research, leveraging unparalleled access to alternative data and the high-performance technology infrastructure that they have at their disposal. The firm cover multiple asset classes across a broad range of geographies, but have a strong focus on Macro, Fixed Income and Equity Investment strategies. ResponsibilitiesUncovering new and novel data sourcesHypothesis testing of researchUsing machine learning, statistical and deep learning methods to create predicitve analytics on market movementsWriting accurate and reliable codeKeeping up-to-date with new academic researchRequirementsPhD (ideally) in a highly technical discipline, or MSc with added relevant professional experience. 2+ years of industry experience in solving challenging data-related problems - this can be from a financial services standpoint or in a technology company. Extensive programming skills with the professional use of Python Packages and database usage (SQL/NoSQL)Knowledge of Cloud Infrastructures Extra Credit: High degree of expertise in NLPDemonstrable experience in using alternative data to create robust investment strategies
