Position Purpose: The primary purpose of this position is to serve as the data scientist with a split portfolio between the Atlantic City office and the Austin chemistry group.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Performs data analytics, specifically data clean-up, data processing, predictive modeling, chemometric statistical modeling and analysis, multivariate data analysis, machine learning, and/or data mining, as related to scientific data.

Applies technical skills to plan and execute assigned project work including development of computational models, programming of detection algorithms, and machine learning.

Maintains operational capabilities of computation assets as needed by project requirements.

Leads meetings with company clients by preparing and presenting meeting materials in meetings.

Appropriately annotates project developed computer code through comments and user manuals.

Presents technical results through the drafting of technical reports.

Presents experimental results and recommended actions at internal project meetings.

Supports business development efforts as needed by drafting technical sections of proposals, providing proposal review, assessing levels of effort required to complete proposed work, and brainstorming technical solutions to client problems.

Other duties as assigned.

Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities (KSA's):

Required KSA's

Ability to plan sequence of experiments to answer complicated technical questions

Ability to lead group of co-workers in execution of a task

Software programming proficiency with Java, C, R, Python, and/or MATLAB

Working knowledge of statistics as it applies to scientific data

Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences

Team player with a positive attitude

Preferred KSA's

Department of Homeland Security Suitability

Department of Defense Secret Clearance

Working knowledge of software development practices including Agile development and Git version control

Sufficient business knowledge to support proposal efforts

Education/Experience: Incumbent professional should have a Ph.D. or master's degree in a physical science (preferably chemistry), statistics, or data science and significant experience in computer programming, computational modeling, or software development.

Certificates and Licenses: No specific certificates or licenses are required for this position.

Clearance: The ability to obtain a Secret clearance and Department of Homeland Security suitability is required for this position.

Supervisory Responsibilities: The incumbent professional may oversee junior level staff members performing tasks.

Working Conditions/ Equipment: The incumbent professional is expected to work and/or be available during regular business hours. He/she should also generally be available via e-mail or phone during non-business hours as needed to address critical issues or emergencies. He/she may be required to travel on behalf of the company up to 25%.

The above job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of duties and standards of the position. Incumbents will follow any other instructions and perform any other related duties, as assigned by their supervisor.
