JOIN US IN PROVIDING ENERGY AND IMPROVING LIVES.

At Phillips 66, we Provide Energy and Improve Lives guided by our values of Safety, Honor and Commitment. Internships are a great way for us to get to know you and for you to get to know our company. We will offer you the same types of challenging assignments as our full-time hires and you will participate in our company-wide internship program.

Internship activities may include the following:

Orientation and training events, field trips, social activities, weekly seminars and opportunities to meet and interact with functional leaders

Participating in continuous coaching conversations with your manager, who will provide guidance throughout your internship

An assigned mentor to provide further guidance. Your mentor will help you navigate both technical challenges of your role and give assistance in navigating through the day-to-day questions on working in the corporate world

Giving a presentation at the end of your assignment to senior leaders in the IT organization. This presentation is an opportunity to share what you achieved in your work assignment and projects and provide feedback on what you learned from the internship program.

Data Science Analytics is interdisciplinary, requiring programming and IT skills, math and statistics knowledge, and scientific expertise. Our Data Scientists/Engineers work on challenging, high-value projects across all Phillips 66 business units.

An internship with Phillips 66 Analytics is more than a summer job that will look good on your resume. It’s an excellent opportunity to roll up your sleeves and make important contributions as a valued member of our team. You will not only enhance your knowledge but will also learn how it applies and impacts the energy business daily. You’ll gain first-hand experience in the energy industry and participate in other activities that are based on service, networking, and learning. Your summer experience will include:

Solve business problems using data driven analytical approaches including machine learning, statistics, modeling, and artificial intelligence

Implement models in Microsoft Azure, AWS, Hana, and other systems, including open source data science tools

Build end-to-end solutions to solve high value business needs in a sustainable, innovative manner

Network with professionals at all levels in the company

Learn about the Oil & Gas industry and the extensive use of technology that makes it possible

Internship opportunities are located at our headquarters in Houston, Texas

Requirements for a Phillips 66 Data Scientist/Analytics Internship:

Basic/Required:

Legally authorized to work in the job posting country

Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, or Mathematics

Currently enrolled in an undergraduate or postgraduate program as a Sophomore or higher

Scheduled to graduate from a Bachelor’s or Master’s degree program August 2020 or later

Available for a minimum of ten continuous weeks

Preferred:

A minimum cumulative GPA of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale

Previous internship or co-op participant in related industry

Previous internship with Phillips 66

Phillips 66 SHIELD Scholar recipient

Willing to work in any of our operating locations

Proficiency in R or Python and familiarity with data science packages in that language

Understanding of Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures, algorithm design, and problem solving

Familiarity with Agile Development

To apply and be considered:

You must apply through your university prior to university deadlines (if applicable) AND

Apply online by going to http://www.p66oncampus.jobs and complete the entire application process

Attach an electronic copy of your resume and unofficial transcript

Answer all prescreening questions and provide your eSignature

Candidates for regular U.S. positions must be a U.S. citizen or national, or an alien admitted as permanent resident, refugee, asylee or temporary resident under 8 U.S.C. 1160(a)(1). Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

About Phillips 66

Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company. With a portfolio of Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses, the company processes, transports, stores and markets fuels and products globally. Phillips 66 Partners, the company’s master limited partnership, is integral to the portfolio. Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,300 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $58 billion of assets as of March 31, 2019. For more information, visit http://www.phillips66.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co and @P66oncampus

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

Requisition ID: 51352

Location: Texas - Houston

Job Field: Internships, Graduate Positions, and Student Programs
