Job Description Summary

CCC Information Services, Inc. is seeking a Data Scientist to join their Machine Learning team.

The data science team functions like a startup within a secure, established company. The team was formally started in 2013 after one predictive analytics product successfully entered the marketplace. Our Data Scientists typically hold Ph.D. or Masters level degrees in Math, Statistics, Data Science, Computer Science and other related fields; who can predict variables of interest before those variables are known. The analysts take this prediction and turn it into business value. The team supports work across CCC and is currently working on one of the most strategic initiatives of the company, which is essentially building the AI capabilities for products. Job Duties

The Data Scientist will lead implementation and scaling of machine learning and AI algorithms.

He/she will work with other scientists and architects to deliver AI driven technology and solutions, with a heavy focus on creating ways to streamline and automate every process.

As part of the data science team he/she will be working on the state of art algorithms from diverse fields such as AI, deep learning, NLP, Telematics and computer vision.

He/she will be designing and performing experiments using a scientific approach to compare hypothesis, generate insights and ensure the solution meets the target metrics specified by business requirements.

The Data Scientist will be expected to apply strong analytical thinking and various statistical methods to evaluate and optimize the deep learning models.

He/she will be responsible for end-to-end data engineering activities like data acquisition and pre-processing, creating seamless automated data pipelines.

He/she will be responsible, as well for transformation of research model/code into a production ready solution and perform testing to ensure quality metrics.

An ideal candidate will additionally have strong communication and collaboration skills to augment his technical expertise and generate business value. Qualifications

Must have a Ph.D. or Master’s degree in Applied Math, Physics, Electronics Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field.

Internship or work experience in applied statistics, machine learning, probability, and linear algebra.

Advanced mathematical modeling skills, algorithm design, creative problem solving, and performance optimization

Experience programming in Python, especially the data science stack: numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, matplotlib

Experience in at least one of the following frameworks is required: Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch

Knowledge of SQL/NoSQL databases and back-end systems.

Comfortable with scripting and Linux systems

Exceptional problem solver and communicator

Effective documentation practices and experience writing reports

Ability to create end-to-end pipeline automating the entire data science life cycle working individually or with a team.

Experience delivering data science models or workflows in production, regular optimization of data science software.

Excellent communication and collaboration skill to maintain successful relationship with remote teams.

Preferred Qualifications

The ideal candidate will have 2+ years of practical experience in machine learning

Nice to have up to 2 years of experience in an analytical role as a data scientist.

Parallel computing and analytics skills

Familiarity with software design and scalable software architectures

Skilled with using scripting languages to manipulate large data-sets

Experience in programming C/C++.
