PwC Labs is focused on standardizing, automating, delivering tools and processes and exploring emerging technologies that drive efficiency and enable our people to reimagine the possible. Process improvement, transformation, effective use of innovative technology and data &amp; analytics, and leveraging alternative delivery solutions are key areas of focus to drive additional value for our firm.

The AI Lab focuses on implementing solutions that impact efficiency and effectiveness of our technology functions. Process improvement, transformation, effective use of technology and data &amp; analytics, and leveraging alternative delivery are key areas to drive value and continue to be recognized as the leading professional services firm. AI Lab is focused on identifying and prioritizing emerging technologies to get the most out of our investments. 

To really stand out and make us ?t for the future in a constantly changing world, each and every one of us at PwC needs to be an authentic and inclusive leader, at all grades/levels and in all lines of service. To help us achieve this we have the PwC Professional; our global leadership development framework. It gives us a single set of expectations across our lines, geographies and career paths, and provides transparency on the skills we need as individuals to be successful and progress in our careers, now and in the future.

As a Director, you’ll work as part of a team of problem solvers, helping to solve complex business issues from strategy to execution. PwC Professional skills and responsibilities for this management level include but are not limited to:

- Arrange appropriate assignments and experiences to support others’ learning and development.
- Seek out different ways to use current and relevant technological advances.
- Analyse marketplace trends - economical, social, cultural, technological - to identify opportunities and create value propositions.
- Deploy methods to keep up with, and stay ahead of, new developments and ideas.
- Offer a global perspective in stakeholder discussions and when shaping solutions/recommendations.
- Drive and take ownership for developing networks that help deliver what is best for stakeholders.
- Proactively manage stakeholders to create positive outcomes for all parties.
- Uphold the firm’s code of ethics and business conduct. 


 Job Requirements and Preferences  :


 Basic Qualifications  :


Minimum Degree Required :
Bachelor Degree


Additional Educational Requirements : 
In lieu of a Bachelor Degree, 12 years of professional experience involving technology-focused process improvements, transformations, and/or system implementations. 


Minimum Years of Experience :
10 year(s)


 Preferred Qualifications  :


Degree Preferred :
Master Degree


Preferred Fields of Study :
Engineering, Economics, Statistics, Mathematical Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Management/Research, Computer and Information Science


Preferred Knowledge/Skills : 
Demonstrates thought leader-level abilities with, and/or a proven record of success directing efforts in the following areas:  
Understanding statistical or numerical methods application, data mining or data-driven problem solving; 
Demonstrating thought leader level abilities in the use of statistical modelling, algorithms, data mining and machine learning algorithms; 
Understanding business development such as client relationship management and leading and contributing to client proposals; 
Demonstrating proven delivery within a number of large scale projects; 
Demonstrating ownership of architecture solutions and managing change; 
Communicating project findings orally and visually, to both technical and executive audiences; 
Developing people through effectively supervising, coaching, and mentoring staff;  
Leading, training, and working with other data scientists in designing effective analytical approaches taking into consideration performance and scalability to large datasets; and, 
Manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.  

Demonstrates thought leader-level abilities with, and/or a proven record of success directing efforts in the following areas:  
Demonstrating thought leader-level abilities in commonly used data science packages including Spark, Pandas, SciPy, and Numpy; 
Leveraging familiarity with deep learning architectures used for text analysis, computer vision and signal processing;  
Developing end to end deep learning solutions for structured and unstructured data problems;  
Developing and deploying A.I. solutions as part of a larger automation pipeline;  
Utilizing programming skills and knowledge on how to write models which can be directly used in production as part of a large scale system; 
Understanding of not only how to develop data science analytic models but how to operationalize these models so they can run in an automated context;  
Using Data visualization software such as tableau and qlikview in addition to web visualization libraries; 
Demonstrating proven ability with NLP and text based extraction techniques; and, 
Using common cloud computing platforms including AWS and GCP in addition to their respective utilities for managing and manipulating large data sources, model, development, and deployment.  


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Ruskin, FL 33575 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3625_57096339
