3-5 years professional work experience as a data scientist or on advanced analytics / statistics projects.Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

Master’s degree from top tier college/university in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, Mathematics, or other closely related field.

PhD preferred.

Strong understanding and application of statistical methods and skills: distributions, experimental design, variance analysis, A/B testing, and regression.

Statistical emphasis on data mining techniques, Bayesian Networks Inference, CHAID, CART, association rule, linear and non-linear regression, hierarchical mixed models/multi-level modeling, and ability to answer questions about underlying algorithms and processes.

Experience with both Bayesian and frequentist methodologies.

Mastery of statistical software, scripting languages, and packages (e.g. R, Matlab, SAS, Python, Pearl, Scikit-learn, Caffe, SAP Predictive Analytics, KXEN, ect.).

Knowledge of or experience working with database systems (e.g. SQL, NoSQL, MongoDB, Postgres, ect.)

Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems (e.g. S3, EC2, Hadoop/MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Spark, SAP HANA ect.)

Expertise in machine learning algorithms and experience using the following ML techniques: Logistic Regression, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Gradient Boosting, SVMs, Time Series, KMeans, Clustering, NMF).

Preferred experience with NLP, Graph Theory, Neural Networks (RNNs/CNNs), sentiment analysis and Azure ML.

Experience building scalable data pipelines and with data engineering/ feature engineering.

Preferred experience with web-scrapping.

Experience building and deploying predictive models.

Experience with PowerPoint and ability to clearly articulate findings and present solutions.

Excellent team-oriented and interpersonal skills.

Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.

Qualifications

Applications Consultants have expertise in a specific technology environment. They are responsible for software-specific design and realization, as well as testing, deployment and release management, or technical and functional application management of client-specific package based solutions (e.g. SAP, ORACLE). These roles also require functional and methodological capabilities in testing and training.

Required Skills and Experience:

You focus on building solutions and on maintaining, optimizing and improving a client’s applications and systems. You contribute to a business and technical blueprint and customize the respective Software Package Core Module. You may also be responsible for unit testing, contribute to integration testing, and/or be responsible for the design and delivery of end-user training.

Qualification: 3 – 7 (2 years min relevant experience in the role), Bachelor’s Degree.

Certification: Should have or seeking SE Level 1.

Should be proficient in Package Configuration.

Should have progressing skills in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Testing, Architecture Knowledge, Technical Solution Design and Vendor Management

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

About Capgemini

A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of over 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
