Convoy, one of the fastest growing startups in the U.S., is transforming the $800 billion trucking industry. We offer the world's largest companies the best option for moving their freight through our network of thousands of technology-connected trucking companies.

The Data Science team is at the core of Convoy’s platform. We build the models that power freight pricing, shipment offer relevance, auction bidding strategy, and other core services. The breadth of the problems space is huge, spanning machine learning, optimization, metric definition, econometrics, and analytics domains. And we have only begun to dig into the difficult and diverse problems in our two-sided marketplace.

About You:

Are you excited about working autonomously and being responsible for your domain end-to-end? At Convoy, we are a highly aligned team that operates in a dynamic environment and pivots where needed to focus on what matters most. You will collaborate with Research Scientists, Product Managers, and Engineers across the Product organization and interact with stakeholders across the company. You will be responsible for defining core business logic in our data warehouse, developing and disseminating insights to drive product decisions, conducting experiments, and building analytic models.

As a Data Scientist on our Supply team, you will play a critical role in generating insights and experiments that direct our supply operations and product teams. You’ll embed fully into the business to develop a deep understanding of day-to-day operations and bring that perspective into a close partnership with our central Data Science and Marketplace Growth teams.

If you are curious minded and are passionate about joining a company that is making data science and analytics a fundamental part of our success, join us.

You have the following experience:

Degree in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.

Experience in Business Intelligence or Data Scientist - Analytics roles (candidates with substantially more experience are strongly encouraged to apply).

Experience with SQL and R/Python in dynamic business environments.

Ability to break down high level business problems into concrete analytical solutions.

Excellent communicator that can flow across a wide range of partners (product, engineering, sales, etc).

Nice to have skills and experience:

M.S. in economics, statistics, business analytics, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject.

ETL pipeline experience.

Experience with Tableau or other similar data visualization tool.

Benefits of working at Convoy:

Health & Wellness: Taking care of your health comes first. Convoy covers 100% of your medical, dental, and vision premiums, and 85% for your family. We also provide access to the gym and showers in our building.

In-Office Happiness: Enjoy catered meals multiple times through the week, and fully stocked fridges and pantries to keep you running full.

Commuter Benefits: We transport the world; the least we can do is help get you to work. Every employee receives a fully paid Orca Card to get you around on the bus, light rail, or water taxi. We also provide locked bike storage if you prefer to pedal in.

Time Off: Life outside of work matters! Convoy has a flexible vacation policy, so take the time off you need- we don’t track vacation or sick time. We also offer generous parental leave for those expecting new additions to their family.

Compensation: We offer market competitive compensation, including stock options and a 401k plan to help save for retirement.

Convoy is an equal-opportunity employer and we welcome applicants from all backgrounds. If you’re a passionate team player who wants to have an outsized impact on a diverse and dynamic team, we’d love to hear from you!
