Apply cutting edge advanced analytical techniques to solve complex problems within the healthcare payer world. Become familiar with the Big Data technology stack at Emblem; work with key business leaders and the Director of Advanced Analytics to carry out business relevant analyses; help promote models to production for mass consumption by the business. Communicate analytical stories to the analytic community on key findings and engage with key business leaders to promote unique and effective ways of modeling and solving complex problems. Engage with senior leadership to embark on current and critical analytical projects including contracting, network, provider, member, group, special service vendors, and major risk delegation analyses. Utilize available software packages (SAS, Python, R, BigDecisions) and associated libraries to apply complex modeling techniques to solve complex problems. Work closely with our Cognizant Data Science support team & internal staff to execute on Emblem’s Advanced Analytics strategy. Responsibilities: Execute on Emblem’s Advanced Analytics Strategy: Help carry out analytical projects supported by leadership, educate CTS and support staff on modeling and analytical activities, and support the Director of Advanced Analytics for any/all urgent leadership requests for analysis (Descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive). Create new sustainable and transparent models and analyses for the organization. Present work and insights to senior leadership. Collaborate with other analytical leaders throughout the company, share ideas and insights, and build good working relationships with business partners. Participate in the larger development of the new Big Data TranZform Data Warehouse development project. Ensure that our Big Data Cloudera system is fully configured to support and sustain Data science projects into the future. Help regulate analytical sandboxes and work with other technical resources to deploy and manage models for the organization. Keep up on the latest analytical modeling techniques, new technologies, and best practices for Data Science. Recommend/create training programs for Big Data technologies, Machine learning, and Predictive Analytics techniques. Seek out and nurture analytical talent within the organization. Guide and mentor staff and external consultants on best practices. Job Requirements Qualifications: BA/BS in Data Science, Math, Statistics Computer Science, Actuarial Science or related discipline Professional certifications in the fields of Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, AI, Healthcare analysis, and other related disciplines, preferred 5 – 8 years of relevant work experience, preferably in a healthcare environment, required A minimum of 3 years’ experience in building & maintaining enterprise-level analytics and business intelligence solutions, required Extensive experience in using/managing large amounts of disparate data within a healthcare payer, required Strong health care payer domain knowledge, required Strong experience in performing provider and specialty vendor analytics, membership analytics, and financial analytics, preferred Strong experience and competency using statistical tools and programming packages (R, Python, SAS Enterprise Miner), required Working knowledge of and experience with Big Data implementations, preferred Knowledge of Apache Spark, Hadoop & related native machine learning libraries, and other specialty modules, preferred Good presentation skills and the ability to comfortably tell a story based on analytics and findings to a broad audience, preferred Possess exceptional written and verbal communication skills, required Strong desire to change things up, to challenge the old ways of doing analytics, and willing to train and mentor others, required Knowledge of emerging big data technologies, on building data pipelines, and on predictive and machine learning techniques, required Good domain knowledge in the healthcare payer world; ability to immediately relate to the business and problems at hand, required Additional Information Requisition ID: 190KP
