Responsible for optimizing our new Big Data environment for performance to empower our modelers to build better analytics. Become familiar with the technology stack at Emblem (Cloudera, Impala); work with key business leaders on critical projects; and assist the Director of Advanced Analytics to carry out business relevant analyses. Promote models to production for mass consumption by the business. Ensure that our analytical teams have robust data pipelines to build models off of; create usable/flexible analytical sandboxes of data for our analysts to work in; and deploy analytical models that can scale for enterprise consumption. Enforce good governance practices for data, models, and reports within our Big Data Environment. Partner up with the Director of Advanced Analytics and Modelers to deploy models for enterprise consumption. Work closely with our Cognizant Data Science & Big Data support teams along with internal staff to execute on Emblem’s Advanced Analytics strategy. Responsibilities: Execute on Emblem’s Advanced Analytics Strategy: Help optimize our Big Data systems to best carry out enterprise analytical projects; support the Director of Advanced Analytics for any/all urgent leadership requests for data/analysis; help deploy enterprise-certified analytical models; build up libraries of transformations, utilities, and code to best operate the system. Participate in the larger development of the Big Data TranZform Data Warehouse development project. Work with CTS partners to build a strong technical foundation/workbench to facilitate Data Science for the organization; educate CTS Big Data support teams as needed. Train employees on the newer big Data technologies, offer advice and guidance to best utilize new Big Data tools and optimize jobs/code; Host user-groups and facilitate tool adoption. Keep up on the latest Data technologies. Manage company through Big Data technology upgrades and tool conversions. Version/Manage code, models, reports, and other artifacts hosted in the support of Advanced Analytics initiatives. Job Requirements Qualifications: BA/BS in Computer Science, Data Science, or related discipline. Professional Certifications on Big Data Technology Stacks, Data Science, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, AI, Healthcare analysis, and other related disciplines, preferred 5 – 8 years relevant work experience, preferably within a healthcare provider environment required A minimum of 2 years’ experience working/optimizing a Big Data environment to facilitate better analytical development and enterprise deployment required Strong Experience with and competency using Big Data Management tools, experience moving data within a Big Data Eco-system, and optimizing hardware/software required Knowledge of Apache Spark, native Hadoop machine learning libraries, and other specialty modules, preferred Extensive experience in using/managing large amounts of disparate data within a healthcare payer, required Familiarity with analytics performed at a Health Payer; provider and specialty vendor analytics, membership analytics, and financial analytics, preferred Health care payer domain knowledge preferred Good presentation skills. Desire to teach and engage with business analysts and power users within the company, preferred Strong desire to change things up, to challenge the old ways of doing analytics, and willing to train and mentor others, required Must have a strong background in Big Data technologies; the ability to trouble-shoot and optimize our systems for performance, and to ensure usability of the system for our analysts/modelers, required Additional Information Requisition ID: 190KO
