We are a large and very successful company located in Boston in the digital healthcare space creating a Diabetes platform that will enhance and change the lives of those with Diabetes.&nbsp; We are looking for a Data Scientist&nbsp;to join our team. 
Job Description   Why Is This Role Critical?    As a data scientist, you will be responsible for building and delivering innovative new products to market. Users worldwide will use what you help build. Your focus on lean software practices and delivering quality products will be critical in the success of Digital Health and our mission of transformation.&nbsp; You will be making a real difference in making healthcare more efficient, safer and more effective.  &nbsp;   Key Roles and Responsibilities    
Responsible for development, validation, and implementation of predictive models, learning algorithms, and analytics based on device data that lead to clinically and economically relevant impact of smart device platforms 
Development and application of appropriate quantitative methods (predictive models, statistical methods, etc.) for multiple integrated complex data streams 
Assessment of the value of various data streams for the particular application. Principal technical contributor to the development of scientifically informed analytics engines. 
Use predictive modeling and automated data interpretation to make meaning of complex data and thus support patient and clinical decision making. 
Resident expert on predictive modeling/machine learning 
Resident expert on statistical analyses   &nbsp;   Qualifications   
A minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics or Physics 
A minimum of 5 years of relevant experience is required. Developing quantitative methods for application-driven analysis of complex data streams 
Expertise in one of more relevant statics/modeling languages 
Experience applying predictive modeling and/or machine learning methods to real-world systems 
Strong data visualization and technical communication abilities   &nbsp;   Preferred   
Masters Degree preferred 
Experience working with healthcare or medical data 
Start-up experience   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02116 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software
