Position Description:

At Lenovo, we are thinkers, risk-takers and problem solvers, working together to constantly challenge the status quo. If you share our commitment to ingenuity, creativity and innovation, we want you to help us define our world of tomorrow.

Are you a highly motivated student or recent graduate with a passion for supply chain or engineering? Join our Data Center Group Global Supply Chain Rotational Program and be part of a world class Supply Chain. Lenovo is the #1 global provider of supercomputers, #212 on the Fortune 500 list, and #5 on Gartner’s Top Tech Supply Chains. We work tirelessly to help our business partners across 160+ countries succeed. It’s not just about being different. It's about being better.

About our Team:

In the past two years, our team has grown from three to twenty, and our impact has grown with it! We enjoy spending time together while at the office and outside of work. Our team consists of hikers, runners, travelers, sports fans and movie enthusiasts. We help organizations harness the power of technological advancements with precision supply chain execution and quality. We work tirelessly to help our business partners and clients change the world.

About the Program:

Our Data Center Group Global Supply Chain Rotational Program is currently seeking to hire a data scientist. This individual will help discover the critical information and trends hidden in vast amounts of data, which will be used to make smarter decisions on delivering products and services to our customers. The primary focus will be applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems. In this program you will rotate cross-functionally within Lenovo Data Center Group to leverage career advancement and business impact while developing a broad base of understanding across the business and supply chain. You will spend approximately two years across four challenging assignments. Upon successful completion of the rotational program, you will be placed into a longer-term role within the organization to continue to drive our unique value set across the company.

Responsibilities will include:

Perform advanced data analysis against large and varying data sets related to the areas within Supply Chain.

Translate current business challenges into analytical terms and use appropriate data analytical techniques to solve problems in the areas of customer fulfillment, procurement, and quality.

Execute statistical modeling, data mining, and machine learning concepts to meet organizational needs.

Perform ad-hoc data analysis to uncover critical information.

Clearly communicate and interpret data trends to Executive Level Management.

Translate data into profit opportunities using analytics to resolve an array of business problems within the Supply Chain.

Cross collaborate globally with area subject matter experts to improve business processes.

Position Requirements:

You Definitely Are:

A recent graduate with a bachelors or graduate degree in Data Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Supply Chain, or related

An excellent student who earned at least a 3.2 cumulative GPA

It Would Be a Plus If You Have:

Database management experience (SQL, or similar relational database experience)

Experience with data manipulation and data modelling (Python, R, SQL, etc.)

Experience with data visualization and dashboarding tools (Qlik Sense, Tableau, JMP, etc.)

Proficiency with Microsoft Office

Coding experience in multiple high-level languages is a plus (Python, Java, C, C++, etc.)

Web development experience (JavaScript, HTML/CSS, iframes, etc.)

Sharepoint development experience (Sharepoint Designer)

Experience in AI and machine learning is a plus

Cloud data management experience

Experience developing automated workflow solutions

A strong understanding of statistical analyses and reporting

Experience developing Microsoft Excel macros

When you join our team, we will provide the opportunity to make an impact and grow your career in a global technology company. We offer a competitive base salary, performance bonuses, and an unlimited vacation program. We bring the amenities to you with an on-site fitness center, cafeteria, Starbucks and wellness center. Check out our benefits website to learn more! https://www.lenovobenefits.com/

You will also have the opportunity to engage in volunteer opportunities, group outings, intramural sports, and team building activities with our team and will receive one-on-one mentoring and personal development. With dual headquarters in Beijing, China and in Research Triangle Park, North Carolina you are sure to bump into executives and senior leaders in the elevator, in the cafeteria or in one of our high competition corn hole tournaments!

Aren’t ready to apply or have additional questions? Feel free to connect with us on LinkedIn or reach out to campushiring@lenovo.com.
