Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Arlington, VA

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It’s what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world’s leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast—the first time. So, you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation’s priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

Key responsibilities of the Data Science Manager include, but not limited to:

Manage, architect, and analyze data science solutions, especially in computer vision, in order to build data driven business insights and high-impact data models to generate significant business value.

Create computer vision models, tools, and processes to collect, distill, and interpret data with a view to aid better, more informed decision making.

Examine and explore data from multiple disparate sources with the goal of discovering insights which in turn can provide competitive advantage for our clients.

The Data Science Manager is responsible for the delivery of computer vision deliverables and is expected to direct the efforts of a computer vision focused data science team.

Basic Skills & Qualifications:

US citizen (no dual citizen)

1 year of software programming and debugging experience in scripting languages like: Python or Matlab or R and in compiled languages like C, C++, or Java

1 year of experience with development environments: Anaconda, Docker, Jupyter, Git or other version control software

2 years of hands-on experience with 3D vision algorithms, SLAM, and sensor fusion

B.S. in electrical engineering, computer science or related discipline (mathematics, physics, statistics)

Preferred Skills & Qualifications:

Experience with IMU, depth sensors, and Lidar

Experience working with cloud technology like AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure

Experience with large scale data science problem integration and deployment

Experience with parallel computing in OpenGL, GPGPU, or similar

Strong software programming and debugging skills using computer vision libraries like OpenCV

Experience working with structured and unstructured data (point clouds, raster/vector geospatial data, images and videos, etc.)

Unix/Linux experience (Debian/RHEL) and comfort with basic shell operations

Excellent communications skills with the ability to translate complex analytical tasks into non-technical, business related terms

Ability to quickly understand business problems and strategic direction outlined by senior management and/or client and relate it to project tasks to present a proposed solution

Excellent documentation habits to include code documentation, technical papers, readme files, etc.

Highly motivated with excellent team work habits

Previous project management experience leading data science projects

Highly organized with the capacity to work on multiple assignments at the same time

Familiarity with US Federal Government and DoD Cloud computing risk management and security requirements (FedRAMP, DoD SRG PA Impact Levels, etc.) and processes

Past experience or knowledge in supply chain management, warehousing, or distribution

An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
