The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the DoD's countering weapons of mass destruction (CWMD) mission. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll query, manage, and tame large WMD related data sets and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help WMD analysts and planners make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. You’ll preform data management tasks, including modeling, acquisition pulling, scraping, query strategy, munging, model fitting, and iterative characterization and querying to support analyst need, storage, indexing, and delivery. You’ll perform interesting work across a wide range of technical scopes, including rapid prototyping for seed capability proof of concept, visualization idealization and development, exploratory analysis, dataset shaping for mission problems, methodology development and testing, and system conception, design, build, and deployment. Join us as we use data science for good in the DoD.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success

You Have:

1+ year experience with analyzing data sets

Experience using Python, Jupyter Notebook, Pandas, Numpy, Requests, or Antigravity

Knowledge of data skills, including SQL, NOSQL, API Building, ETL pipelines, Web Application Servers, or Search Index

Active TS/SCI clearance

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience with data visualization

Experience working in the DoD or intelligence community

Experience with DevOps and continuous delivery

Experience with containers and Docker

Knowledge of Agile software development mindset and tools, including JIRA, Git, or Jenkins

Ability to display a strong background in math and statistics

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
