SoFi is looking for a Data Scientist to deliver data driven insights to support our team’s decisions and strategies. In this role, you will be responsible for optimizing product performance through experimentation design, business analytics, and predictive analytics.

Success in this role hinges on your technical aptitude, quantitative abilities, and business acumen: you know how to plow through data with SQL/Python/R/Tableau, surface insights using math/statistics/ML techniques, and measure the business impact using efficiency/conversion/profit metrics.

At SoFi, you’ll become part of a new kind of finance company whose ambition is to help our members achieve financial independence and reach their goals. We aim to be at the center of our members’ financial lives, and to help every member get their money right. We created student loan refinancing, addressing the biggest financial challenge of a new generation through a modern approach to lending and personal finance. Next, we expanded our products and services across loans, saving/debit, wealth management, and insurance.

Responsibilities

Work with business unit leaders and product teams to identify business opportunities, measure KPIs to craft compelling stories, make data-driven recommendations, and drive informed actions

Own end-to-end product analytics workflow including formulating success metrics, socializing them across the organization, and creating dashboards/reports

Design, analyze, and interpret the results of experiments that could optimize product performance

Work cross-functional with engineering, product teams, and data architects to ensure data is being captured and reports are accurate

Desired Skills and Experience

2-5 years of relevant work experience: business analytics, KPI dashboard development, business performance analysis

Proficient with SQL, R, Python, Tableau , Excel and Powerpoint

2+ years of experience in designing and building predictive models using statistical and machine learning techniques (e.g logistic regression, linear regression, random forest, neural networks, gradient boosting)

Strong analytical, problem solving and critical thinking skills

Strong stakeholder management skills

Intellectual curiosity and aptitude to pick up new technical skills

Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance

Bachelor’s degree. Degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering or quantitative field

Benefits

Company paid lunch program, a fully stocked kitchen, and subsidized gym membership.

Competitive salary packages and bonuses.

A flexible vacation policy allows you to truly relax and reboot.

Comprehensive health, vision, dental, and life insurance as well as disability benefits.

100% of health, vision, and dental premiums paid by SoFi for employees and their dependents.

401(k) and education on retirement planning.

Tuition reimbursement on approved programs, up to $5,250 a year.

Monthly contribution to help you pay off your student loans.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
