Job Location: Hershey, PA

Summary:

The Network Optimization and Operations Strategy team provides exciting opportunities to shape the future of the Hershey Supply Chain. As a Principal Data Scientist on the team, you'll partner with Information Services and business partners to build value driven, data fueled machine-intelligent capabilities that enable informed decision making. You will work with large volumes of data, innovative technologies, and advanced methodologies to solve complex business problems impacting the happiness of all Hershey Company customers and consumers.

Applicants should have a strong background in optimization, machine learning (supervised and unsupervised), statistical modeling, feature discovery/selection, exploratory data analysis, data mining and pattern recognition.

Primary responsibilities:

Interact with business partners, technologists and engineers to understand, define, frame, scope, and prioritize analytical opportunities for improving supply chain operations

As part of a team, design and develop the simplest and most applicable analytical solutions to fuel critical business partner needs

Design, develop and evaluate innovative predictive and prescriptive models to enable “sense, make sense, and respond” capabilities across the supply chain

Analyze and extract relevant information from historical data to help automate and optimize key processes

Work closely with technology, business and engineering teams to drive model implementations and adoption of new solutions

Experience:

+5 years of experience working with R and/ or Python

+3 years of experience building and maintaining predictive and prescriptive models, to include training, scoring, and tuning when applicable

+3 years of experience developing interactive graphics/ dashboards for end-users (Shiny/ Flexdashboard, Power BI, Tableau)

+2 years ETL experience with large-scale data storage processing architectures (SQL, HIVE, Spark/ SparkR, etc.)

+1 years of experience utilizing an analytics platform (e.g. Alteryx, Azure Databricks)

Demonstrate knowledge of optimization, statistical analysis and operations research

Qualifications:

Master’s degree with STEM focus required

Fluency in a programming/ scripting language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, C++, Java, etc.)

Strong working knowledge of optimization algorithms (LP, NLP, and/ or Network Flows) and prior implementations in an algebraic modeling language (e.g. GAMS, AMPL, Pyomo)

Depth and breadth in quantitative knowledge. Excellent quantitative modeling, statistical analysis skills and problem-solving skills

Proven ability to translate advanced analytical output to business partners and decision makers

Demonstrate not only innovative thinking but also the ability to push teams past theory and into action

Strong communication skills (written & oral)

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans
