We are currently seeking an Environmental Data Scientist. This is a position located in Norwell, Massachusetts.

Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.
JOB SUMMARY
Battelle’s Norwell Operations performs environmental monitoring and assessment with a focus on marine and aquatic systems. Our Information Management group specializes in the development and operation of database and web systems for the management of physical, chemical, and ecological data from large environmental field investigations including oil spill, environmental remediation, and environmental monitoring programs.

The individual sought will have an impact on the way environmental data is collected, managed, and applied to environmental monitoring and remediation decision making. Candidate must display initiative, strong work ethic, ability to work in a collaborative environment and commitment to excellence.

As a Data Scientist you will work with other Data Scientists, Environmental Scientists, Laboratory Chemists, Biologists, Ecologists, Database Developers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using math, stats and database methods to derive structure and knowledge from raw data across various environmental disciplines.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Work quasi-independently on environmental data management projects under the direction of the project manager: query databases; gather, compile, clean data from multiple sources; unsupervised data analysis; build data pipelines
Work with subject matter experts to perform data management and quality assurance for environmental data products and assist with code-based revision of existing data
Develop requirements and create ETL designs and mapping specifications for environmental chem, bio, eco, geo, tox data
Oversee others in extracting data from existing databases or literature and preparing data for database assimilation and analysis
Load analytical data via electronic data deliverables (EDDs) from laboratories into project-specific databases
Load survey data and field results into project-specific databases
Perform routine queries on large datasets
Develop, document, and implement algorithms or procedures to monitor and improve data quality
Investigate quality issues stemming from data collection, gaps in expected data, or problems with the data processing pipeline
Effectively communicate with multiple teams to troubleshoot data application and data quality issues and improve data processes
Build relationships with internal and external clients and present research results
Assist with proposal efforts as needed. Write technical approach contributions and contribute to discussion of level of effort required for components of work
Support business development efforts led by others and secure follow-on work
THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS MUST BE MET TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION
MS with 2 years’ experience or BS with 5 years’ experience in Computer Science, Chemistry, Biology, Ecology, Environmental Science, Applied Statistics or related major
Programming experience in SQL and at least two of the following languages: PHP, Javascript, R, Matlab
Experience in analysis of analytical chemistry, biological diversity, or toxicological data
Strong ETL design and development experience
Problem solving ability
Initiative & self-management; ability to accomplish tasks within established time frames
Good presentation and communication skills with the ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION
Experience in Oracle
GIS and MS Access experience
Familiarity with environmental sampling
Experience in analytical laboratory data review
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
