CenturyLink’s internship program is a 10 week, fast-paced and exciting opportunity to gain professional experience within your field of study. Interns within the Threat Research department will be challenged to apply their knowledge gained in the classroom to real world problems. This is a unique opportunity to gain hands on experience working on Innovation Initiatives for a Fortune 200 company. This position will allow students to utilize their talents and abilities to contribute to active projects at CenturyLink. Interns within the Threat Research group will tune existing machine learning algorithms for improvement in finding malicious infrastructure on the internet.

Job Description

Data Scientist Intern will evaluate existing algorithms to determine whether the model requires retraining or new features to drive improvement

Create training and testing data sets

Train models and present results to threat research team

Qualifications

Preferred Qualifications:

Strong technical knowledge in the areas of computer science, big data architecture, data processing, and machine learning

Minimum Requirements:

Classification: Junior, Senior or Graduate status by start of internship

Pursing a Bachelor's or Master’s degree in Machine Learning or IT related field

Currently enrolled at a 4-year accredited College or University (post-graduation internships not offered)

3.0 or above cumulative GPA

available to participate in internship program late may – early august

available to relocate to internship work location if necessary

Strong listening, written and verbal communication skills

Strong problem-solving skills

Strong sense of urgency and ability to meet deadlines

Highly motivated, organized, reliable and detail oriented

Capable of multi-tasking efficiently

Quick learner and not afraid to work with new technology

Professional attitude

Education

Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield

Requisition #: 215594

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, “protected statuses”). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
