Caliber Home Loans, Inc. is one of the nation's fastest-growing mortgage lenders. We didn't move into the fast lane because of clever marketing campaigns or flashy television ads - our talented employees worked hard to help us rise to the top of our industry. Here at Caliber, we've replaced the stereotypical corporate culture with a casual "dress for your day" work atmosphere that promotes creativity and a collaborative environment that allows our team members to thrive. POSITION SUMMARY The Data Scientist will join the Data Science team within the Enterprise Analytics department. This team is responsible for building predictive models, providing analytical support, performing market analysis, identifying market trends, and telling stories with data for groups across the company. An ideal candidate will be interested in further developing and defining the scope, processes, and technology stack of a growing Data Science team. RESPONSIBILITIES * Use predictive modeling to increase revenue generation, decrease costs, optimize business processes, and improve business outcomes * Utilize statistical analysis to inform approach and technique * Manage a project from initial analysis to readying a model for production * Validate and demonstrate effectiveness of machine learning solutions * Maintain balance between pragmatic and deeply rigorous solutions depending on business context * Collaborate and work closely with cross-functional business partners to identify gaps and understand areas of opportunity * Advise other departments on data gathering processes and experiment design (e.g. A/B testing) * Develop code and processes that are repeatable and easily maintained * Design data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to various leadership teams * Staying up to date on new machine learning techniques and approaches to data science QUALIFICATIONS * MS or PhD in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or other quantitative disciplines * Advanced experience in R or Python (Tidyverse experience preferred) * Familiarity and experience with applying various machine learning techniques (regression, decision trees, boosting, etc.) to real-world problems * Proficiency with SQL and extracting information from relational databases * Good understanding of various statistical methods, not limited to hypothesis testing, resampling, and Bayesian inference * Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner. Our employees demonstrate the Caliber Ways of Work (WOWS) every day through: * Collaborating Contagiously * Caring Fiercely * Doing the Right Thing * Leading Thoughtfully Caliber benefits and perks will WOW you! Our benefits package includes: comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance, short-term and long-term disability, 401(k),10 employer paid holidays, as well as numerous employee discount programs. We are proud to be a military friendly employer, and provide paid leave during military assignments for employees who serve in the Guard or Reserve. Employees who work at our Coppell headquarters experience additional perks that include: standing desks, complimentary coffee and tea stations, an on-site gym and activities center with ping-pong and pool tables, and an in-house café. Caliber is an equal opportunity employer.
