Analytica is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support a project within the U.S. Department of Treasury. Analytica has been recognized by Inc. Magazine as a fastest-growing private US small business. We work with U.S. government customers in health, civilian, and national security missions. We offer competitive compensation with opportunities for bonuses, employer paid health care, training and development funds, and 401k match. This position will sit in Vienna, Va.

Primary Responsibilities Include (But Are Not Necessarily Limited To):

Analyzes data to identify and compare norms, trends, and patterns

Responds in a timely and complete manner to data requests from internal and external customers

Experience Classifying and conducting statistical analysis of large data sets, including using data to classify patterns and trends known variables to establish baseline patterns

Experience developing custom analytics and code to identify complex patterns and clusters for scoring / flagging potential items of interest

Experience conducting systemic entity resolution, which may include employing graph algorithms to identify nodes of interest by relationship and graph patterns

Experience visualize second-degree network of facilitators and counterparties as well as large networks (100,000 to 1,000,000 nodes)

Experience conducting analytics projects using analytic tools, such as:

DARPA: Influent, Graphene, GeoEYE

COTS: SAS (Base, Enterprise Guide, Enterprise Miner, Text Miner, Social Network Analysis, Forecast, Statistical and Model Manager), i2 Advanced Analytics,

Open Source: HUE, Kibana, Elastic Stack, Python

FinCEN Tools: FinCEN Query

Provides quantitative data analysis, specifically related to data matching/record linking

Applying analytic techniques and helping define objectives related to data matching/record linking

Resolve complex data matching/record linking problems requiring an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles

Analyze data, formulate conclusions and recommendations, and design and develop materials based on analysis in accordance with stated guidelines, specifications, and models

Produce, edit, and copyedit written deliverables to include reports, spreadsheets, databases, formal process mapping, technical design, and system testing and implementation activities documentation

Assimilate, integrate, and interfacing technical knowledge with business / systems requirements.

Required skills, abilities, and certifications:

The Senior Analyst shall hold an M.A. or a Ph.D. in sociology, demography, statistics, mathematics, or a related field, must be proficient with a statistical software package (preferably SAS)

Have high proficiency level with MS Access and MS Excel.

Requires 5+ years professional experience working with SAS, R, or Python to perform various types of data analysis.

Prior experience working on Department of Treasury projects is a plus

Demonstrated knowledge of various database management systems in order to input, extract or manipulate information.

Must be able to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret clearance

About ANALYTICA: Analytica is a leading consulting and information technology solutions provider to public sector organizations supporting health, civilian, and national security missions. Founded in 2009 and headquartered in Washington D.C., the company is an established SBA certified HUBZone and 8(a) small business that has been recognized by Inc. Magazine each of the past three years as one of the 250 fastest-growing companies in the U.S. Analytica specializes in providing software and systems engineering, information management, analytics & visualization, agile project management, and management consulting services. The company is appraised by the Software Engineering Institute (SEI) at CMMI® Maturity Level 3 and is an ISO 9001:2008 certified provider.
