The team is focused on providing forecasting and planning as well as prepping data and preparing proactive ad hoc analysis and insights on the performance of the supported Departments/ Business Units. The Data Scientist will work with other team members to build complex statistical models, trend analysis and reporting focused on the supported Departments/Business Unit(s). The Data Scientist will provide support to leadership on the financial forecast, trends and operational drivers behind the results and present reports on findings, including new business opportunities and corrections in the baseline business.

Responsibilities

Enterprise Core Competencies

Requires competency in data modeling, forecasting, optimization, and strong technical skills to create value for our customers and for the company.

Essential Functions

Gathers and preps data, analyzes, builds financial/statistical models, prepares and summarizes recommendations for financial plans, trended future requirements and operating forecasts

Use statistical and financial modeling techniques to analyze results and identify variances and underlying causes, opportunities, and risks. Provide actionable insights around trends, financial performance. Present findings to the team and the Management, including suggestions for course correction

Utilize analytical and modeling capability to perform scenario and sensitivity analysis to enhance decision making across a range of options and present findings and recommendations

Perform the development of statistical models, key performance indicators and benchmarks under guidance of management for financial services; develop process for measurement and reporting; communicate results to leadership via dashboards and reports

Provide support to the data and analytical team on approach and methodologies as an active member

Work internally and with strategic partners to ensure processes and procedures are in place for proper accounting controls and audits. Ensure that forecasts reflect current policies/procedures

Qualifications

Qualifications

Minimum Required

2+ years in Analytics

1+ year Wireless Telecom or similar subscription-based work experience

Thorough understanding of statistical analysis principles

Experience building and maintaining predictive models. Highly proficient in MS Excel, PowerPoint. Advanced MS Excel modeling skills and applied business statistics

Experience of working with common relational and/or nonrelational databases and common web data and social data sources

Experience in data mining and analytics software (SQL, SAS, Business Objects, R)

Proven ability to communicate complex concepts and analyses in a clear and concise manner

Ability to work independently and with limited supervision, manage multiple priorities

Desired

Experience in complex financial/statistical modeling development

Experience with forecasting/analyzing for lease

Experience with time series analysis

Education

Minimum Required

Undergraduate Degree. Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering

Master's degree preferred

Minimum Qualifications

• At least 18 years of age.• Legally authorized to work in the United States.• High School Diploma or GED.• Pre-employment background screen.

Company Profile

As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile USA, Inc. (NASDAQ: "TMUS") is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. The company's advanced nationwide 4G and 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences for customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile USA. Inc. provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com

EOE Statement

We Take Equal Opportunity Seriously - By Choice. T-Mobile USA, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All decisions concerning the employment relationship will be made without regard to age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, marital status, citizenship status, veteran status, the presence of any physical or mental disability, or any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. Discrimination or harassment based upon any of these factors is wholly inconsistent with our Company values and will not be tolerated. Furthermore, such discrimination or harassment may violate federal, state, or local law.
