Are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies? If so, then Northrop Grumman is the place for you. As a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide. We are comprised of diverse professionals that bring different perspectives and ideas, understanding that the more experiences we bring to our work the more innovative we can be. As we continue to build our workforce we look for people that exemplify our core values, leadership characteristics, and approach to innovation.

Northrop Grumman Technology Services sector is looking for a Systems Engineer - Data Scientist to join our team in the Ogden, UT area. The successful applicant will:

Collect and/or gather large sets of data and apply advanced techniques to ensure the data is reliable and of high quality for the targeted purpose.

Interpret large amounts of data with advanced approaches using sophisticated analytical and data visualization software or tools to discover patterns of the data.

Research and develop statistical learning models for complex data problems to identify opportunities through various advanced statistical, mining, algorithmic, and visualization techniques or more advanced methods such as artificial intelligence and machine learning.

Develop iterative process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities.

Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency.

Discover, investigate, and visualize data trends and patterns to assist in creating a robust and comprehensive data environment.

Integrate cross-functional and cross-domain solution sets and create/maintain an analytic reuse library to include analytic code, artifact description, implementation documentation, and examples of usage.

Package the implementations into solutions for use by leaders, operators, and analysts.

Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends.

This requisition may be filled at a higher grade based on qualifications listed below.

Basic Qualifications:

This requisition may be filled at either a Systems Engineer level or Principal level

Minimum of a Bachelor of Science in Data Science, Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Mathematics or related quantitative field.

Minimum 2 years of relevant experience with a BS degree or 0 years witha Master's (Principal level requires 5 years with a BS or 3 years with a Master's)

US Citizen able to obtain a Secret clearance

Preferred Qualifications:

Active Secret clearance

2+years of experience analyzing ICBM weapon systems data

Knowledge of Bayesian statistical methods

Programming/scripting experience (Python, R, or Node.js preferred)

Familiarity with any of the following: Tensorflow, Theano, Keras, NLTK, PyStan, PyMC3, Rstan, Tidyverse

Familiarity with Neo4J, NoSQL, SQL, OWL

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
