EFT Analytics, Inc. is looking for a Data Scientist to join our team! The Data Scientist will have the opportunity to work with a dynamic team to optimize and expand our advanced analytics platform. The successful candidate will be able to enhance and expand machine learning capabilities in the platform.

Strong written and verbal communication skills are required.

A Day In The Life Typically Includes:

Research, design and develop machine learning algorithms as part of the product development team

Perform Root Cause Analysis leveraging data science on large industrial problems related to process control, process engineering, and discrete manufacturing environments

Collaborate with our process engineering teams as the expert in applied data science and machine learning techniques

Use industry technologies, tools, and data mining frameworks for data analytics including data visualization for analyzing, optimizing, developing hypotheses, and drawing conclusions

What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:

2+ years of industry experience analyzing data sets and applying machine learning to assist decision making and solve problems

Knowledge of supervised and unsupervised algorithms

Extensive knowledge of a scientific computing language (e.g. Python or R)

Experience writing code in a collaborative environment

Strong knowledge of statistics and experimental design

This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship

What Will Put You Ahead?

Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s degree or PhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics, Data Science or Statistics from an accredited institution

Exposure to programming languages: C#, Java, Scala, Julia

Experience deploying models to production and ensuring the model remains relevant in production

2+ years proficiency across a combination of academic and practical experience with Bayesian Statistics, Neural Networks, Regression Techniques, and other Machine Learning Applications

The ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact

Additional Information:

Ability to travel for work up to 15% of the time, by plane, car, etc.

Want to learn more about EFT Analytics?

Twenty years ago, EFT Analytics set out to deliver real-time, data-driven insights. Today, Industry 4.0 is the advent of Internet of Things, smart manufacturing and industrial stewardship. Insights and results earn your data a seat in the boardroom. EFT is a subsidiary of Koch Industries, one of the largest private companies in the U.S. Koch has delivered results using its unique management philosophy across dozens of industries and hundreds of sites for decades. EFT strives daily to bring those time-tested fundamentals to how we operate and what we deliver.

Our people and culture are just like you, totally unique. We come from vastly diverse backgrounds. We’ve taken our own paths. When there wasn’t a path, we blazed trails. Trails that led us here. Where we find ourselves unified around one mission: to be the best data analytics company on the planet. And we won’t stop until we get there.

Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.

This role is not eligible for work visa sponsorship.

We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran

This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf
