Description: Provides technical direction, including both strategic and tactical planning, execution and support of strategies for the SCPMG Medical informatics group. The position entails developing machine learning approaches to address healthcare's triple aim: to improve the health of populations, to lower the cost of care, and enhance the care experience. Essential Responsibilities: Design, develop, and evaluate state-of-the-art machine learning models for complex, large-scale data sets. Use statistical and machine learning techniques to provide clinical decision support as well as improve auditing and standards of care workflows. Deliver insights and values from heterogeneous data to investigate complex problems in the health care domain for multiple use cases. Use machine learning, statistical and programming skills to enable data analytics. Drive informed decision-making and present findings to both technical and non-technical audiences. Work closely with physicians to identify medically relevant use cases, develop machine learning models, and validate impact Provide technical direction and mentor junior members of the Medical Informatics team. Work closely with software engineers to facilitate model integration and deployment Embrace a fast paced, collaborative environment dedicated to building atop cutting-edge technology. Basic Qualifications: Experience Minimum five (5) years of experience in architecting and building scalable distributed systems, working in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment, advocating innovative uses for data, including methodologies, techniques, and tools, working with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and leading from conceptualization to production stage large-scale applications. Education Master's degree (MS) in computer science or related fields License, Certification, Registration N/A Additional Requirements: Experience with deep learning frameworks: e.g. Tensorflow, PyTorch. Knowledge of classification and regression algorithms Experience with Deep Learning approaches to Natural Language Understanding (NLU) and Language Modeling. Experience with time series analysis, discrete data modeling and feature engineering. Expert knowledge of Python Experience with SQL Preferred Qualifications: Experience with Java/C++ Experience with machine learning continuous integration and deployment Experience with Tensorflow Serving Doctorate degree in computer science or related fields Knowledge of healthcare terminology
