Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Data Scientist on our team in Round Rock, TX.

Transforming raw data into insight. Predicting the future through analysis. These are our core strengths as a groundbreaking organization changing the world through technology. Our Data Intelligence Engineering team applies science to data to predict and model future outcomes. Our engineers lead the way in developing new methods of generating meaning from data – developing new environments, methodologies, processes, tools and data governance structures. They also propose strategic or tactical plans based on business data and market trends.

Key Responsibilities

Dell Technologies Services Remote Services Operations is looking for a senior data scientist who can also manage in-house application development and development operations. This individual will be responsible for integrating current data science solutions into business usable applications. Furthermore, as a senior member of the team, development operations, information technology process integration, and full-stack web software development skills are also needed. As such, a strong background in data science and machine learning implementation using Python and R is a requirement. Along with traditional data science skills, industry experience in development operations, big data technologies, and software engineering are a requirement. Experience in relational and non-relational databases is desired.

Essential Requirements

Masters Degree in Software Engineering with a Data Science certification or Masters Degree in Data Science with equivalent software engineering and development operations experience

Full-stack web development using Python, Pandas, Dash, React, JavaScript/TypeScript

Experience utilizing big data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark and HDFS

In-depth knowledge of machine learning techniques

Experience developing deployment pipeline utilizing Git, Azure, Domino Data Labs, Apache Airflow and Databricks.

10 plus years of experience

Benefits

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you can analyze complex business problems and inform key decision-making, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.
