Senior Data Scientist - Delivery Our client, an award-winning regulatory compliance company, is seeking an experienced Senior Data Scientist to join their team in the heart of Uptown Charlotte. As a senior data scientist, you are responsible for configuring and customizing our client’s solutions based on dynamic customer data and business requirements. The ideal candidate will be an expert in machine learning models, provide your expertise on product enhancement, and work directly with clients to implement software. This is a direct hire, salaried position with strong benefits package, and the opportunity to join a rapidly growing start up with a rich and diverse culture! The targeted salary range for this role is $120-140k. The role will entail about 40% travel both in US and globally. Local candidates strongly preferred. No sponsorship or C2C arrangements are available. If this sounds like it could be your next career move, submit a resume! Key Responsibilities of the Senior Data Scientist: Data Analysis – Understanding and analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets and build / enhance data science features relevant for unique client business and data profile Business Solution Design – Operations and process flows, business architecture Key Qualifications of the Senior Data Scientist: 3+ years' work experience in predictive analytics, machine learning space 2+ years’ statistical modelling, validation of ML algorithms, and performance tuning of models 2+ years’ experience with creation and extension of commercial off-the-shelf software solutions Proficiency with Python and the ability to write production-ready code Knowledge of financial crimes; working knowledge in AML preferred Big data experience. Working knowledge of Spark, Hadoop Experience in financial services (or minimally other highly regulated transactional industry) Excellent understanding of theoretical and applied machine learning Working knowledge SQL or other relational database solutions. Effective Solution Design and Comprehension – Application architecture Data architectures Infrastructure Strong verbal and written communication skills. Ability to convey understanding of complex machine learning models and analysis to business executives with limited knowledge of space Experience working in a consultative role in external client situations Demonstrated ability to work in fast paced team environment and desire to work in a start- up environment Primary - On premise private cloud and standalone Big Data infrastructure Secondary - Cloud – AWS, MS Azure, other Secondary - Large financial service legacy environment Contact Mary Dickson at mdickson@hirenetworks.com regarding this posting. A Word resume is preferred when applying. When looking for a job, have you ever heard the phrase…it is not about what you know, it is who you know? At HireNetworks, it really is all about who we know. Whether your current contract is coming to a close, you’re looking to advance your career or are a company on the hunt for new talent and wanting to expand…let HireNetworks put our networks to work for you. HireNetworks is an equal opportunity employer. #dice
