Data Scientist Opening in Boston, MA! Apex Systems combines with parent company On Assignment to make it the 2nd largest IT staffing agency in the country. Apex has an opportunity for a Data Scientist role in the Boston area. This is a 1+ year contract position and the pay rate is flexible depending on experience. Here are the details: For applicants who are interested in this Data Scientist opportunity; please send a Word resume to Kevin DiLisio, Technical Recruiter, at kdilisio@apexsystems.com. Position: Data Scientist Apex Job ID: 1003896 Location: Boston, MA Rate: Negotiable based on experience Duration: 1+ year Position Description: Data scientists combine knowledge of statistical and machine learning practices with practical programming skills to provide data-driven solutions to real world problems. We are looking for data scientists who will be able to work in a team composed of data scientists and data engineers to support a variety of software development teams who are building applications for the modern warfighter. The ideal candidate will be able to work with product teams to identify rich data science opportunities, develop data-centric solutions, and deploy those solutions to a secure production environment. Responsibilities Work with product teams, users, and other stakeholders to identify opportunities for data-driven solutions. Help build sophisticated optimization models, and create algorithms for quickly producing near optimal solutions according to those models. Use supervised and unsupervised machine learning approaches to develop insights and provide recommendations or predictions for future events. Generate hypotheses, design experiments, gather, review and transform data, and test the hypotheses using modern and statistically rigorous methodologies. Develop new techniques and applications in optimization, statistics, and machine learning fields and present those findings to the academic community. Required Skills: 1.Theoretical and background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization. 2. Experience in commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS 3. Experience working databases such as SQL or MongoDB Desired Skills (not required but candidate will have exposure to these skills in this role): 1. Ability to start with messy unstructured problem, identify specific research questions from it, and propose data and model-driven solutions that would create value for end-users and other stakeholders. 2. Experience working on front-back-end, or full-stack web development projects. Additional Requirements: Candidates must be US citizens able to obtain and/or maintain a Department of Defense security clearance as a condition of employment Additional Benefits: For this opportunity, you will also be eligible for benefits through Apex for the contract period, 401K, medical/health benefits options, a W2 hourly rate, weekly pay, and direct deposit! EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178-6178. EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
