Description Model Risk Management Group (MRMG) is a group within the Global Risk Oversight Organization reporting into the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) of American Express and American Express National Bank. MRMG is responsible for the oversight of all models used in the company ranging from Credit and Fraud risk; Finance, regulatory (CCAR), Economic Capital, Anti-Money Laundering, Marketing response and acquisition. The role being advertised of Manager MRMG is primarily responsible for the review of credit risk, fraud risk, and line management models for the US market. The responsibilities of the manager are also to ensure that there is an elevation of modeling as well as fulfilling regulatory requirements for model risk management (SR 11-7). This is a highly competitive role and one that ensures the individual achieves maximum potential intellectually as well as for the company. Specific responsibilities include: Independently validate enterprise-wide models including credit risk, fraud risk, line management, and marketing campaign models Communicate validation results to business partners, senior leaders, and regulators Evaluate new machine learning algorithms as applied to models Conduct analytics to explore opportunities for elevating model excellence Understand and apply regulatory requirements for model risk management Qualifications Economic, financial, mathematical or Statistical modeling knowledge and experience required The candidate must have a sufficient understanding of new emerging techniques machine learning algorithms (e.g., gradient boosting machine, XGBoost, neural network), artificial intelligence, deep learning as well as classic statistical modeling techniques and assumptions. Experience in large data processing and handling is a plus—familiarity with big data platforms and applications, such as Hadoop, Pig, Hive, Spark, AWS. Must be skilled in coding using SAS and/or Python/R; additionally, Java, Scala, and C++ a plus. Strong communication and writing skills to explain complex model properties and evaluation results to business partners and external audience who may not have extensive quantitative backgrounds. Flexibility and adaptability to work within tight deadlines and changing priorities. Master's degree in statistics, mathematics, or related experience. A PhD would be ideal. Why American Express?
