The Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis is searching for a Data Scientist in the Community Development department to support Federal Reserve System initiatives to support low and moderate income households across the Ninth District with specific focus areas in community investment, early childhood development, and housing affordability. The Community Development department supports the Federal Reserve System’s economic growth objectives by promoting the economic resilience and mobility or low- to moderate-income individuals and communities.    This position will have primary responsibility for providing quantitative analysis to inform the department’s practitioner- and policy-oriented research and the Bank’s strategic priorities.       
  Responsibilities:          Creates, documents, maintains and enhances datasets to analyze socioeconomic trends and community investments affecting low and moderate income households.        Performs technical, quantitative and statistical analysis using advanced statistical, analytics, mathematical, and data visualization techniques to answer policy-related questions.        Uses varied analytical tools (including statistics, modeling, analytics and mapping) to derive meaningful and nonobvious insights to inform reports, dashboards, and ad-hoc projects.         Brings new analytical methods, tools, and data sets into the department to build our knowledge base and skillset.        Tracks community-level trends and core data indicators to create dashboards.        Collaborates with writers and editors to produce data reports and analyses for external audiences         Presents quantitative information and analyses to a variety of technical and non-technical audiences, including written reports, visual presentations, and executive summaries.        Communicates results of analyses to various audiences including senior bank leadership and community partners.        Responds to internal and external requests for data and short-term analyses; develops expertise on gathering data from a wide range of sources; stays current on data source developments both inside and outside the Federal Reserve System.        Manages projects and relationships in a collaborative, team-based environment.        Builds effective relationships with Reserve Bank peers and management as well as partnerships with external researchers from think tanks, universities, nonprofit organizations, government agencies, nonprofits, and other related organizations.      
  
     
     Qualifications:             Bachelor's degree.  Master’s degree in a related field (i.e., data science, statistics, economics, public policy or a related subject) preferred.        Experience with quantitative data analysis in the areas of data management (including the design, maintenance, and utilization of large data sets), statistical analysis, econometrics, forecasting, modeling, and reporting, including the use of spreadsheet, database, and statistical programs and languages (i.e., R (preferred), SPSS, STATA or SAS) for the purposes of manipulating, analyzing, structuring, and presenting data. Four years’ experience needed for a Sr. Project Manager. Six years needed for a Project Director.        Experience using data visualization tools such as Tableau or R Shiny.        Experience in geospatial analysis and mapping using ArcGIS.         High level of attention to detail; commitment to high-quality work        Proven ability to manage and adapt to multiple concurrent projects, shifting priorities, deadlines and informational needs        Ability to work collaboratively and contribute to a team setting as well as the willingness to work independently without extensive oversight.         Strong written and verbal communication skills, including demonstrated ability to communicate complex economic or quantitative concepts to a wide range of knowledge levels        Experience maintaining effective working relationships with technical and non-technical staff.       
  Preferred Qualifications          Experience working with demographic, economic, housing and/or financial datasets.            Interest in public policy, particularly related to community development finance, early childhood development / human capital, housing affordability, and the community development needs of low and moderate income households.        College-level coursework in economics; general understanding of the role of the Federal Reserve      
    Additional Information:  
Travel Percentage: 10%    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Minneapolis, MN 55401 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Government and Military; Financial Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         261139
