Teamwork.  Integrity.  Dedication.   
Together, we make a difference.   If you are a career-minded, service-driven professional looking to join a fast paced organization then you have come to the right place.  AAA is a member service organization affiliated with the national AAA network. With offices across the U.S., we're united by common mission and common values of excellent member service. With more than 14,000 employees in 21 states, we provide legendary service to 16 million loyal members. With a constantly growing membership, we are always welcoming dedicated professionals looking to challenge themselves and build a career within our dynamic organization.  You will find that being part of a very successful team is extremely rewarding.  
Description :  The Lead Data Scientist is a member of the leadership team in the Big Data  department. The lead is able to lead specific tasks and drive a whole project  from inception to completion on the operations side. The lead effectively  communicates with Business and IT partners to plan and achieve project  initiatives. The lead is committed to managing projects according to accelerated  timelines and ensuring all analysts under its stewardship have the resources  needed to complete tasks on time.   
Requirements:   1. Identify proper data sources necessary for  projects and ensure they are accurately imported and joined. Create execution  plan and assist analysts in their efforts to implement.  2. Identify proper  analytic methodology and ensure analytic efforts are executed correctly. Create  execution plans and assist analysts in efforts to implement  3. Ensure all  projects have proper documentation taking into account potential regulatory,  legal, or business concerns  4. Fully lead analysts functionally including  division of tasks/resources across projects and ensuring analysts are productive  and grow.   5. Lead communication of project results/challenges to business  partners in ways they can understand. Proactive communication of delays to  planned efforts.  6. Ensure project tasks are fully planned including  understanding of how implementation affects other units, how to measure results,  how to achieve the expected benefit, etc.   7. Identify and propose new  technologies and tools that could benefit the Big Data team. 
 Qualifications 

  
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or technical field (math,  statistics, computer science) with Master’s degree preferred 
5+ years experience  in a traditional data or analytics corporate environment 
Strong SQL skills 
R,  Python, Tableau familiarity (expertise in at least 1) 
Knowledge of Hadoop,  Distributed Systems, and Big Data ecosystem 
Able to rapidly learn new  processes/subjects 
Innovative mindset with demonstrated creativity or innovation  in some past work experience preferred 
Demonstrated leadership abilities, whether  in a formal or informal role 
Ability to understand the big picture and drive the  initiatives the lead to completion of the overall big picture 
Ability to work in  cross-functional/departmental groups and keep multiple moving pieces  straight 
Mentor and assist analysts in their respective functions and  responsibilities.       
Training:   Our comprehensive and employee centric training facility located in Costa Mesa provides training programs to help employees acquire various skills necessary to do their jobs and to support career development.  
Benefits :  ·         Health Coverage for Medical, Dental, Vision  ·         Paid time off including Vacation, Illness and Holidays  ·         Life Insurance  ·         Disability Coverage  ·         Pension  ·         401k Savings Plan  ·         Employee Discounts  ·         Career opportunities across multiple business lines and states   “Creating members for life by exceeding our members' expectations through valuable products and legendary service.”   AAA is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  The Automobile Club of Southern California will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for employment pursuant to the Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinance. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Costa Mesa, CA 92626 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1208_23387
