If faculty, tenure track status: Not Applicable Reports to (title): Manager, Data Science & Research Department: Institutional Research Requisition Number: 19057 Position Type: Replacement Starting Salary: Up to $65,000 Open Until Filled: Yes Priority Review Date: 08/30/2019 Job Summary This full-time data science & research position in the Office of Data Science & Analytics at Salt Lake Community College (SLCC) is for an applied statistician/data scientist with strong statistical programming skills and exceptional communication abilities. The applicant should be skilled at explaining potentially complicated quantitative results to non-technical audiences. The position requires a creative and detail-oriented approach to answering research questions using a wide range of statistical techniques from areas such as data mining, business intelligence, predictive analytics, machine learning, computational statistics, and the social sciences. Our researchers work very collaboratively, meeting weekly to share and discuss results and methodology. The applicant should have an interest in student success as well as some knowledge of higher education generally and community colleges in particular. Essential Responsibilities and Duties Initiate, plan, and complete research projects from requirements gathering, design & modeling, implementation, peer review and presentation. Perform slightly complex analyses, potentially requiring new techniques which you learn on your own or via others on the team. Applies expertise with multiple statistical analysis methodologies including, but not limited to: experimental designs, ANOVA, regression-based modeling, mixed modeling, structural equation modeling, etc. Machine learning with SVM, K-Means, Random Forest, kNN, gradient boosting algorithms. Execute these projects semi-independently with only some guidance and check-ins with manager. Present accurate and trustworthy research findings by writing the summary and analysis for college leaders and/or presenting findings in person. Explain potentially complicated quantitative results to non-technical audiences in an effective way. Work closely with other researchers to discuss project design, models and results of other research projects. Perform peer reviews of research methods, findings and reports to improve the quality of the research the team produces. Other duties as assigned. Preferred Qualifications Master's degree in a relevant quantitative field. Experience in quantitative research and data science. 2 years coding with an open source language, R preferred. Experience managing a project from start to finish. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in computer science, applied mathematics, economics, or other quantitative/computational discipline with three (3) to five (5) years direct, paid, full-time work experience. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Demonstrated ability to conduct quantitative and /or qualitative research. Ability to perform advanced statistical analysis on complex multi-dimensional and hierarchically structured data, including using techniques from areas such as data mining, business intelligence, predictive analytics, machine learning, computational statistics, and the social sciences. Knowledge of a statistical computing language, such as R. Ability to clean and structure institutional datasets. Knowledge of relational databases and the tools used to query them such as SQL and Cognos. Ability to focus the level of research commensurate with the stated need for the project. Ability to work with clients within the institution to refine research questions and, as necessary, serve as a statistical consultant. Ability to write clear, concise papers/summaries of statistical findings and data for a non-technical audience that emphasize visualization of results. Ability to present statistical findings clearly and convincingly to internal audiences, and, where necessary, to explain statistical concepts to non-statisticians. Effective communication skills and comfort working with different teams within the organization. Must be a creative and collaborative team player with the ability to interact with a diverse team and a proven history of accepting and giving constructive feedback. Ability to communicate effectively with a broad range of diverse people, ability, culture, ethnic background, to maintain good working relationships across the College. Ability to work with all groups in a diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural and ethnic background of community college students, faculty and staff, including those with disabilities. Special Instructions More information about Salt Lake Community College benefits: http://i.slcc.edu/hr/docs/benefits-summary-current.pdf Full consideration will be given to applicants who apply on or before the priority review date indicated above. FLSA: Exempt SLCC Information Salt Lake Community College (SLCC) is fully committed to policies of equal employment and nondiscrimination. The College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability, religion, protected veteran status, expression of political or personal beliefs outside of the workplace, or any other status protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. SLCC is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check.
