Job ID: 25049 Full/Part Time: Full-Time Regular/Temporary: Regular Job Code: 0400 Analyst/Programmer -12 Department: Strategic Plan, Portfolio Mgt. Compensation Classification: Analyst/Programmer - Expert Salary Range: $6,249/month - $11,748/month FLSA Status: Exempt San Jose State University offers employees a comprehensive benefits package typically worth 30-35% of your base salary. For more information on programs available, please visit sjsu.edu/up. About the Position The Data Scientist will leverage data that has passed a first round of cleaning and manipulation, which then can be used to feed sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling. Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following: 1. Discovery and Goal identification Conduct surveys and interviews with functional stakeholders to identify business questions and identify data analytics needs.  Analyze large data sets to identify behavior trends among users using quantitative, statistical and machine learning techniques. Drive analysis and insight to help build predictive models, tools and processes to support production goals of player acquisition, retention and e-commerce. 2. Data Acquisition Leverage large volumes of data from internal and external sources to answer the identified business questions. Perform initial data investigation and exploratory data analysis. Ingest, integrate, process and clean data as required for the modeling. 3. Predictive data modeling Lead the creation of algorithms and models to predict outcomes across multiple functional areas. Employ sophisticated analytic programs, machine learning, and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling. Automate work through the use of predictive and prescriptive analytics. 4. Delivery and Tuning Analyze data covering a wide range of information from user profile to transaction history and identify new risk patterns through data mining. Deploy reusable algorithms to minimize the incremental development work for future questions. Required Qualifications A Bachelor's degree, preferably in computer science or business, or equivalent training and applied experience Five years of experience in business applications analysis, design, and programming for medium or large scale, multi-programmed computers Preferred Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a job-related field. Master's or Doctoral degree in a quantitative research field such as statistics, life sciences, social sciences, or education Three years' experience analyzing data in a full time position Experience working with institutional research and/or higher education data (strongly preferred) Experience with advanced statistical analysis working with sophisticated analytical programs Experience with cloud-based services (i.e. GCP, AWS or Azure). Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Advanced statistical analysis skills using sophisticated analytic programs and machine learning statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling. Advanced knowledge and progressively independent research in analyzing data. Advanced knowledge and expertise in at least one statistical modeling tool. Advanced knowledge and expertise in at least one high level programming language like: R programming, Python programming, Java, and JavaScript. Knowledge working with institutional research and/or higher education data is strongly preferred. Ability to derive, automate sophisticated storytelling and present a clear story with insights to the key stakeholders. Advance knowledge with cloud-based services such as GCP, AWS or Azure. Ability and desire to self-learn and pick up emerging technologies. Application Procedures Complete the SJSU Online Employment Application and attach the following documents: Resume Letter of Interest List of References All applicants must apply within the specified application period: July 8, 2019 through July 22, 2019. This position is open until filled; however, applications received after screening has begun will be considered at the discretion of the university. Additional Information Satisfactory completion of a background check (including a criminal records check) is required for employment. SJSU will issue a contingent offer of employment to the selected candidate, which may be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying information, and/or it is discovered that the candidate knowingly withheld or falsified information. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the continued employment of a current CSU employee who was offered the position on a contingent basis. The standard background check includes: criminal check, employment and education verification. Depending on the position, a motor vehicle and/or credit check may be required. All background checks are conducted through the university's third party vendor, Accurate Background. Some positions may also require fingerprinting. SJSU will pay all costs associated with this procedure. Evidence of required degree(s) or certification(s) will be required at time of hire. SJSU IS NOT A SPONSORING AGENCY FOR STAFF OR MANAGEMENT POSITIONS. (e.g. H1-B VISAS) All San Jose State University employees are considered mandated reporters under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and are required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment. Equal Employment Statement San Jose State University (SJSU) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to nondiscrimination on the basis of age, ancestry, citizenship status, color, creed, disability, ethnicity, gender, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, race, religion or lack thereof, sex, sexual orientation, transgender, or protected veteran status consistent with applicable federal and state laws. This policy applies to all SJSU students, faculty and staff programs and activities. Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972, and certain other federal and state laws, prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex in all education programs and activities operated by the university (both on and off campus). Reasonable accommodations will be provided for applicants with disabilities who self-disclose. Contact Information University Personnel jobs@sjsu.edu 408-924-2166 #LI-SJSU1 Transformation 2030 Engage and Educate: Be a university of first choice where we bring together exceptional people - students, faculty and staff members, and our community - to do extraordinary things with their lives as learners, creators and champions. Excel and Lead: Be a leading academic institution where faculty and staff members and alumni are regional, national and global leaders in their fields. Grow and Thrive: Be an inclusive, welcoming and well-balanced community and institution that ensures long-term financial sustainability and effectiveness and also attracts, retains and sustains faculty and staff members and students. Connect and Contribute: Be an engaged and dynamic urban university with strong connections locally and globally. Rebuild and Renew: Be a flourishing, modern campus with state-of-the-art infrastructure, campus spaces and technology to support learning, research and community.
