Position Information

Job Title
 
Data Scientist

Department
 
Earth Environmental and Planetary Sciences

Full Time/Part Time
 
Part-Time

Requisition Number
 
S20127

Open Date
 
08/30/2019

Close Date
 
09/09/2019

Salary Information

Salary Commensurate with Experience and Qualifications

Work Schedule

Normal work schedule – 8:30 am to 5:30 pm weekdays; however, research needs take

priority. This is a nine-month position.

Benefits Eligible
 
Yes

Eligible for Overtime
 
No

Position Summary

The Department of Earth, Environmental, and Planetary Sciences at Rice University seeks an experienced and innovative Data Scientist to build a new Data Science for the Earth initiative and enhance activities in the department’s Visualization Laboratory. The candidate will be willing to cross disciplines and support the software and hardware needs of research in geophysics, climate science, remote sensing, and geochemistry provided domain knowledge from students and faculty. In addition to serving as research/visualization support, successful applicants pursue externally-funded research initiatives. Similarly, the candidate will be willing to actively learn new techniques that enhance departmental research. In particular, we view machine learning, advanced 3D visualization and mapping, Bayesian statistics, inverse modeling, and optimization as central to our department’s current and future computational needs. This position will collaborate with Rice’s GIS lab (link) and Office of Information Technology (link) to make use of Rice’s existing geospatial and high performance computing infrastructure.

Education Required
 
Master's Degree

Major/Discipline

Substitution for Education Requirement

Experience may not be substituted for the education requirement.

Education Preferred

Master’s degree or higher in earth science, physics, computer science, computer/software engineering, or related field.

Experience Required
 
5 years

Type of Experience

Related experience.

Substitution for Experience Requirement

May substitute additional related education, above and beyond what is required, on an equivalent year for year basis in lieu of the experience requirement.

Experience Preferred

License/Certification Required

License/Certification Preferred

Skills Required

Fluency in common scripting languages (Bash, Python, etc.), and parallel programming methodologies (e.g., MPI)

Facility with gridded ESCI data formats such as netCDF, ODV, ArcGIS or other geotagged model output

Demonstrated collaboration and initiative in expanding their own computational skills

Scientific experimental and analytical techniques

Must understand and comply with all lab safety protocols

Skills Preferred

Internal / External Contacts

Internal:

Daily contact with students, staff and faculty within the department

Occasional contact with other on-campus researchers in other departments

External:

Occasional contact with lecturers, prospective students, prospective faculty, alumni, and other non-Rice people

Occasional contact with vendors and/or suppliers outside the university.

Possible contact with a wide variety of individuals at Rice, external affiliates of the department, and other collaborating institutions

Physical Demands

Must be able to work in an office and/or laboratory environment

Must be able to move between buildings widely separated on a college campus

Should be able to lift up to 20 pounds

Working Conditions

May require long hours and availability outside normal working hours

The lab environment is fast-paced and sometimes stressful due to interruptions that require the successful candidate to have good multi-tasking skills

Punctuality and regular attendance expected

Smoke free environment

Security Sensitive
 
Yes
