What We Need

A Senior Data Scientist with solid problem-solving skills to partner with the development teams.

Your Area of Focus

Join a growing team of tech heads who love building things with ones and zeros

Work in a fast-paced environment that sometimes fails fast and early, but always learns and improves

Be unshackled by conventional thinking and allowed to use cool tech to solve hard problems

Perform component design for a complex system or service. Considers scaling, reusability, maintainability, and performance into system or service design.

Strong written and verbal communication skills and ability to train and mentor Junior engineers

Make recommendations to product requirements and business solutions based on an understanding of how Kareo's products work under the hood

Write unit tests and integration tests for most of one's own work and ensure a high quality of deliverables

Your Qualifications

Computer Science Degree (or degrees) or enough experience to convince us you do not need one

Extensive knowledge of Python or R

Ability to understand and interpret data and programmatically make predictions

Experience with statistical tools and visualizations techniques to extract hidden insights from large datasets

Ability to use historical data to build models that can predict future outcomes and drive business decisions

Experience with Microservices and CI/CD (Kubernetes is a plus)

Deep understanding of latency, contention, computation, mutation, consistency, CAP theorem and system design trade-offs

Experience in an UNIX environment

Experience with SoA architectures and in SaaS products

Extensive knowledge of RESTful APIs

Familiarity with relational databases such as MySQL, Oracle, and SQL Server

Experience with data warehousing tools and technologies

Ability to design and implement scalable big data pipelines and frameworks that can integrate external data sources and third-party APIs

Solid experience with concurrency, multithreading, server architectures, and distributed systems

Experience with distributed search engines like Elastic search

Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills

Strong attention to detail

Process oriented: you can teach us a thing-or-two about machine learning and real-time data analytics in high throughput environment

Deep understanding of the inner workings of one or more programming languages and tech stack

Ability to build REST APIs that can process and distribute data to 3rd party applications at scale

Experience with building AI bots

A good understanding of current industry trends and best practices

Your Personal Characteristics

Be Passionately Driven: We take pride in our work, inspire others to excel, and are always curious to learn more. We hold ourselves to the highest standards of quality and integrity. We work with urgency because we love what we do.

Dedicated to Customer Success: Helping our customers succeed is our number one goal and inspires every action we take. We want our customers' practices, and their patients, to thrive. We are empathetic, solution-oriented, and aligned with their needs.

Together We're Better: We are honest, approachable, and collaborative. We believe great teams with members that are willing to do what it takes to get the job done can accomplish more. We put the team first and win together.

Constant Innovation: We reject the status quo. We take a unique approach and make every effort to bring clarity to a needlessly complex industry. We are creative problem solvers. And we apply the same innovative thinking to our business and healthcare as a whole. We believe in making things better.

Kareo is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

JplyDISrPa
