Data Scientists build the statistical and machine learning models that power our platform. By collaborating with our engineering team, data scientists use conventional and non-conventional variables at scale to continuously improve our underwriting, fraud, pricing and marketing models. After exciting success over the past few years, we are looking to double down on our competitive advantage by expanding our data science team. Our mission is to enable effortless credit based on true risk. Going beyond FICO, our model provides higher approval rates and lower interest rates for every traditionally underserved demographic. Since our founding, we have originated more than $4 billion in loans and are on track for another year of record-setting growth in 2019. Our Team Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning. Because our challenges are so new, Data Scientists at Upstart need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. What You'll Bring Strong academic credentials with a master's degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or other quantitative areas of study; Ph.D. preferred 5+ years relevant experience with detailed understanding of building good technical solutions; ability to convert ideas into testable hypotheses and/or next steps Programming skills in Python and/or R Full-stack expertise with all steps of the modeling process from ideation to productionalizing code; OR deep expertise in either statistical modeling or machine learning Knowledge of machine learning, pipelines and engineering architecture helpful Interest in growing in technical and/or people leadership is a plus Personal Attributes Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility, drive and teamwork Numerically-savvy and smart with ability to operate at a speedy pace.
