At ENGIE North America, innovation and excellence create a platform for growth. We have a range of businesses in the United States and Canada, including clean power generation, cogeneration, and energy storage; retail energy sales; and comprehensive services to help customers run their facilities more efficiently and optimize energy and other resource use and expense. Nearly 100 percent of our power generation portfolio is low carbon or renewable. Globally, ENGIE is the largest independent power producer and energy efficiency services provider in the world, with operations in 70 countries employing 150,000 people, including 1,000 researchers in 11 R&D centers.

We are looking for talented and motivated individuals to create the future of energy and customer solutions. Join a rewarding and flexible work environment that encourages innovation and creativity to help customers meet their energy challenges today and in the future.

Title of Internship: Data Scientist Intern

Location:

1900 Post Oak Blvd, Suite 1900

Houston, Texas 77056

Internship Term:

Part-time work schedule working up to 35 hours per week.

The North America Digital Studio team is involved in providing technical oversight, development, and guidance for all north American digital and software projects. Each of North America’s business units rely on the digital studio to provide guidance on best practices involving new technology and vetting of new technology through building of proofs of concept. The internship requires a self-motivated individual with an appetite to learn and a strong desire to pursue a career in data science, software engineering, or enterprise architecture. This opportunity will assist in further developing professional skills, specifically, in the fields above. Tasks will involve being involved in high level discussion around disruptive technology, system design and architecture, and telling stories in a data driven approach. Interns will work directly with ENGIE Data Scientists, Cloud Engineers and Solution Architects.

The intern will be responsible for the following:

Data Analysis

Technology Prototyping

Software Engineering

Creating Reports and Dashboards

Qualifications

Hiring Requirements

Must be at least a junior or senior (by end of spring semester) working toward a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, or Master’s/MBA student working towards a master’s in Computer Science, or closely-related degree

Must possess a 3.25 GPA or higher

Must be legally authorized to work in the United States, and should not require, now or in the future sponsorship for employment visa status

Must have excellent oral and written communication skills

Must have the ability to think analytically, present ideas professionally, and work in project teams

Working Environment

Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is not exposed to weather conditions. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

For this role you must have authorization to work in the United States. Qualified applicants are considered for employment, and employees are treated during employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, gender identity, or expression, genetic information or any other legally protected status.

This job advertisement is supported by the ENGIE Talent Acquisition team. Agency involvement is not required. All related inquires must be done to the Talent Acquisition team, not direct to ENGIE North America Managers.

Job

: Digital and IT

Primary Location

: North America-United States-Texas-Houston

Organization

: Corporate Functions

Schedule

: Full-time

Nature of Responsibility

: Operational / Administrative role

Job Posting

: Aug 30, 2019, 9:47:33 PM
