Work Authorization Those authorized to work in the United states are encouraged to apply.We are able to sponsor H1-B at this time. Job SummaryThis position will provide professional-level business process support and analysis for major initiatives that support the Data Analytics Work stream of the Information Technology Advisory Committee. This position will contribute to the design and implementation of a branch wide data governance model and will review the current data and analytic portfolio and branch workload models to identify new opportunities and make suggestions for adjustments. This position will help inventory agency datasets and match those datasets against agency data needs. The position will perform gap analyses to determine where additional governance may be needed. Minimum Job-Specific SkillsQualifications Required (in order of relative importance) Ability to convert business requirements into a technical design and implementation plan. Ability to analyze issues from system documentation and recommend solutions. Experience managing technical projects, including conflict resolution, issue escalations, status reporting and resource management. Understanding of courtroom operations and workflow. Experience in R and Stata. High level of technical writing experience. Excellent oral, written, analytical and communication skills with the ability to lead a technical discussion to both technical and non-technical staff. Excellent presentation skills for both technical and non-technical audiences, including creating and presenting executive summaries to management and technical committees. Excellent analytical, verbal and conflict resolution skills. Experience with data visualization and software such as Tableau and Power BI. Additional SkillsQualifications Desired General Prepare effective written materials for purposes of user and system documentation. Use initiative and independent judgment within established procedural guidelines. Resolve complex technical issues. Explain technical issues to senior management in a nontechnical manner. Technical Exposure and experience with Cloud computing. Conceptual understanding of Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, IBM and Oracle Cloud Platforms. Experience using SQL, Python, or other database query languages.
