At Fors Marsh Group (FMG), we combine the power of science and strategy to improve people's lives. Each day, we work with institutions and organizations that seek to understand behavior, drive action on a national or global scale, and create a positive impact on the world. FMG was created with the vision of becoming a refreshingly different type of research and consulting firm by solving challenges through solutions steeped in scientific theory, methodological rigor, and creativity. This vision has shaped core capabilities led by experts in their field, which include health communications, human capital management, digital marketing and design and data science.

As a Certified B Corporation and 2018 AMA Top 50 Market Research Company, FMG's positive impact extends far beyond our client portfolio. FMG makes a difference in the community through pro bono service to nonprofits that are aligned with FMG's corporate values.

FMG is seeking an intelligent and motivated Senior Data Scientist to support data science and data analytic projects. As a part of our Advanced Analytics division, the Senior Data Scientist will have the opportunity to provide support on a variety of behavioral research and data science projects, including work for government and private sector clients. The Senior Data Scientist's primary responsibility will be to provide subject matter expertise on the technical aspects of data science projects and design and execute plans for processing, management, and analysis of complex, multi-source, and big (high volume, velocity, and variety) data. This individual should bring expertise in data mining, statistical learning, supervised and unsupervised machine learning, applied research, and client management experience. This job is best for someone who enjoys solving challenging analytic problems, has experience extracting insights from large and complex data sets, and thrives in a collaborative environment.

Responsibilities include:

Providing subject matter expertise on appropriate advanced analytic techniques (e.g., statistical and supervised or unsupervised machine learning techniques, big data technology) for applied research projects

Coordination with team members, subcontractors, and cross-division teams. Completes project work on time, in line with contract requirements, client expectations, and FMG's standards.

Maintaining communication with clients internal and external to the organization

Supporting all aspects of the analytic process, including design and execution of data acquisition, storage, modeling, and optimization approaches.

Writing and presenting written reports and professional briefings that summarize findings for general and technical audiences.

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends pertaining to statistical, mathematical, and data science methodologies, as well as cloud storage and computing and big data infrastructure

Engaging with the relevant research and technical communities through a variety of methods (presentations, papers, memberships, etc.)

Designing and conducting training on analytic techniques within FMG

Qualifications:

Master's degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a related field; or, equivalent combination of education and experience

High level of proficiency in multiple statistical programming languages and/or platforms (e.g., R, SparkR, Python, Apache Hadoop, Spark); experience with Object-Oriented programming languages (e.g. C++, Java, C#) a plus.

Six years of relevant work experience required.

Six years of practical experience with ETL, data processing, big data, and data analytics. Good understanding of machine learning algorithms (e.g., decision trees, k-means, random forests, SVM) and their practical uses and limitations

Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation.

Strong quantitative ability and a keen eye for detail and accuracy.

Demonstrated record of technical and business writing.

Excellent interpersonal skills.

Excellent written and oral communication skills.

Ability to work effectively independently and as a team member.

U.S. citizen

Applicants are subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility criteria for access to sensitive information

We Offer:

A highly collegial and intellectually stimulating work environment.

Highly competitive benefit/compensation package.

Growth opportunities.

dLFLOg55ui
