Position Summary...

Demonstrates up-to-date expertise and applies this to the development, execution, and improvement of action plans by providing expert advice and guidance to others in the application of information and best practices; supporting and aligning efforts to meet customer and business needs; and building commitment for perspectives and rationales. Provides and supports the implementation of business solutions by building relationships and partnerships with key stakeholders; identifying business needs; determining and carrying out necessary processes and practices; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; and adapting to competing demands, organizational changes, and new responsibilities. Models compliance with company policies and procedures and supports company mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by incorporating these into the development and implementation of business plans; using the Open Door Policy; and demonstrating and assisting others with how to apply these in executing business processes and practices.

What you'll do...

Develops analytical models to drive analytics insights by gathering data from internal and external sources; evaluating data usability based on project goals; synthesizing data into large datasets to support project goals; developing statistical models and computational algorithms to analyze data; utilizing the analytics project lifecycle process to drive predictive modeling; coding, testing, and maintaining analytical software tools; identifying trends, patterns and discrepancies in data; training statistical models for replication for future projects; and presenting data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.

Leads small and participates in large data analytics project teams by serving as a technical lead for analytics projects; working with project teams and business partners to determine project goals; developing contingency plans for data analysis; determining modeling based on business needs; directing the analysis of data; gathering data and developing reports as needed; utilizing business knowledge to ensure data supports project goals; analyzing data based on identified variables; reviewing data results to ensure accuracy; and communicating results and insights to the project team and business partners.

Presents data insights and recommendations to key stakeholders by developing insights based on data analysis; applying analytical results to project goals; identifying trends and key insights; translating results into business actions; and presenting insights and recommendations to key stakeholders.

Participates in the continuous improvement of data science and analytics by developing replicable solutions (for example, codified data products, project documentation, process flowcharts) to ensure solutions are leveraged for future projects; building and maintaining a library of reusable algorithms for future use; ensuring developed code is documented; and coaching and mentoring analysts across the division and project teams.

Minimum Qualifications...

Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications.

Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor of Science and 2 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 1 year's data science experience.

Preferred Qualifications...

Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications.

Analytics - Big Data, Business Analytics, Oracle, Programming Languages, Relational Database Management System (RDMS), Statistical Programming Language

Bachelors: Analytics, Bachelors: Economics, Bachelors: Mathematics, Bachelors: Statistics, Doctorate: Analytics, Doctorate: Mathematics, Doctorate: Statistics, Masters: Analytics, Masters: Economics, Masters: Mathematics, Masters: Statistics
