About NCR

NCR Corporation (NYSE: NCR) is a leading software- and services-led enterprise provider in the financial, retail, hospitality, telecom and technology industries. NCR is headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., with 34,000 employees and does business in 180 countries. NCR is a trademark of NCR Corporation in the United States and other countries.

Title: Junior Data Scientist

Location: Atlanta, GA

Position Summary & Key Areas of Responsibility:

This is a position that will require a detail-oriented person who is comfortable with big data wrangling, analysis and modeling, using multiple data sources and statistical research. Ability to problem-solve, work independently and collaboratively are key to success in this position.

Key Responsibilities

Develop new methodologies for the next generation NCR products powered by data, using statistical models and existing NCR data assets

Develop methodologies and processes to continuously track data quality and correct any “noise”

Develop processes to implement, maintain, and enhance these methodologies in client-facing products

Engage in discussions on strategic direction of product from a client perspective.

Stay informed of new research and developments in the field

Confidently represent Data Science methods and approaches to internal and external partners and clients.

Basic Qualifications:

Master’s in mathematics, statistics, quantitative social sciences, or hard sciences (e.g. engineering, computer science, biology, physics, etc.) with outstanding analytical expertise and strong technical leadership

OR 1-5 years of work experience focusing on the following:

Background in theoretical statistics including but not limited to multivariate statistics and data reduction techniques

Experience in dissecting/adapting statistical and mathematical theory to solve real world problems

Familiarity with a large range of open source statistical tools/functions

Developing robust statistical models in order to complex data driven problems

Creating, organizing, analyzing, and correcting very large and unstructured datasets

Coding in data science-related programming languages; required experience with Python

Excellent communication & presentation skills (written and verbal)

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience working with a wide variety of diverse data sets

Experience with data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Spotfire)

Experience working with cloud-based technologies (e.g. Databricks)

EEO Statement

Integrated into our shared values is NCR’s commitment to diversity. NCR is committed to being a globally inclusive company where all people are treated fairly, recognized for their individuality, promoted based on performance and encouraged to strive to reach their full potential. We believe in understanding and respecting differences among all people. NCR does not discriminate in employment based on sex, age, race, color, creed, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, military service, genetic information, or any other characteristic or conduct protected by law. Every individual at NCR has an ongoing responsibility to respect and support a globally diverse environment.

Statement to Third Party Agencies

To ALL recruitment agencies: NCR only accepts resumes from agencies on the NCR preferred supplier list. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, NCR employees, or any NCR facility. NCR is not responsible for any fees or charges associated with unsolicited resumes.
