Founded in 2012, Instacart is a leader in North American online groceries and one of the fastest growing companies in e-commerce. Instacart's same-day delivery and pickup services bring everyday essentials and fresh groceries to consumers in the U.S. and Canada in as fast as an hour. At Instacart, we believe that great people are the ingredients for success. We like to think that we are like a potluck, everyone brings something new, different and flavorful to the table. Our mix of thoughtful, inventive and neighborly employees work together to deliver our common goal, to make grocery shopping effortless, and give valuable time back to our customers. We believe that just as meals are best shared together, success is best shared together. If this excites you, then Instacart just might be the place for you. Welcome home. You will be joining a growing data science team and will tackle some of the most challenging and impactful problems that are transforming how people buy groceries every day. You will be embedded within our data-driven product team as a trusted partner in uncovering barriers in the product's usability and utilize these insights to inform product improvements that drive angle-changing growth. We're looking for a self-driven, strategic thinker who can hit the ground running to ultimately influence decision-making across the entire organization. Your day to day… Own analytical frameworks that guide the product roadmap Design rigorous experiments and interpret results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions Develop statistical models to extract trends, measure results, and predict future performance of our product Build simulations to project impact of various product and policy interventions Enable objective decision making across the company by democratizing data through dashboards and other analytical tools Use expertise in causal inference, machine learning, complex systems modeling, behavioral decision theory etc. to shape the future of Instacart Present findings in a compelling way to influence Instacart's leadership You have… We rely on our values to guide our decisions: Solve for the Customer, Every Minute Counts, This is Your Baby, Go Far, Together and Of Course, But Maybe. What does this mean for your role? We are looking for someone who has: 3+ years experience working in a quantitative role at a product company or a research organization Ability to run rigorous experiments and come up with scientifically sound recommendations Ability to write complex, efficient, and eloquent SQL queries to extract data Ability to write efficient and eloquent code in Python or R A desire to build and improve consumer software products Ability to translate business needs into analytical frameworks Eagerness to learn, flexibility to pivot when needed, savviness to navigate and thrive in a dynamic environment, and a growth mindset needed to build a successful team and company
