What's the role?

Be responsible for analysing a variety of use cases, processes and the associated data and developing models using Natural Language Processing and machine learning in to realize our vision for the Future of Work.

Build and test analytic and statistical models to improve a wide variety of both internal data-driven processes for skill analysis, talent matching and other related problems.

The work will include extensive data manipulation and aggregation for exploration, reporting, visualization and predictive model development purposes.

Design and analyse A/B experiments that validate different optimization and solution approaches, and to calibrate model parameters.

Collaboration with other engineering teams to ensure multi-functional goals are met.

Formulate validation strategies to ensure accurate and reliable data in production environment.

What You’ll Get:

Explore latest and greatest in AI/ML world

Challenging problems to solve working on cutting edge technology

Opportunities to learn new things

Work that makes a difference in the world

Freedom to decide how to perform your work

Variety in the types of projects

Feedback so you will know how well you are doing

Collaborative, Supportive Colleagues

Who are you?

An enthusiastic and passionate Lead researcher/scientist who is willing to go above and beyond the ask, with an open mindset and a will to think “outside the box”. Who is looking for opportunity and freedom to innovate and explore technically, while keen and motivated to deliver quantitative results. Who believes that collaboration and flexibility are the key factors that will help build a team efficiently, with emphasis on having fun and learning along the way. With below requirements & experience:

Requirements:

BE or MS in a discipline such as Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, with an emphasis or thesis work on one or more of the following: computer vision, search, machine learning, robotics and optimization.

Minimum of 5 years related, professional experience in applied machine learning and search/document analysis/NLP.

Knowledge of data mining and analytic methods such as regression, object detection, classifiers, clustering, association rules, decision trees etc. Should have medium to expert-level knowledge in one or more of these areas.

Proficiency with a statistical analysis package and associated scripting language such as Python. Java/Scala added advantage

Self-learner with a proven aptitude for acquiring knowledge and skills

Deployment of ML models on cloud such as AWS

HERE is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

#LI-SA1

Who are we?

Want to help revolutionize the future of work? Come help us build Hitch – The HERE Talent Platform – the service that’s helping us better tap into our global talent pool, while empowering our people to take charge of their own careers and grow.

At HERE, we believe in everyone having the freedom to engage in work they love using the skills they’ve acquired throughout their lives. We believe that enabling this will result in fulfilled people, and more productive teams delivering creative products for a better world. It’s these beliefs that inspired us to design and build Hitch an online service to empower our employees to find work they love and take charge of their own careers. The best thing about it is that it’s not just best-in-class to us at HERE – this powerful business tool allows companies of all kinds to connect deeper with their employees and to make the most of their expertise.

For employees, Hitch - the Talent Platform, provides a transparent view for them to see and be part of the work of the future. On the flip-side, when teams need help on their projects, requiring services and skillsets that are not currently available to them, they are able to create opportunities for others to join in. This allows anyone with access to see the type of work and skills needed in the immediate future.

There are hundreds of projects created in Hitch. Each is an example of work that employees can participate in using their current skills or used to develop themselves further. To learn more:
