Position Description 
Are you passionate about finding meaning in data? Do you love finding creative ways to apply new technologies? If so, were looking for someone like you to join our team. 
We are seeking an inquisitive Data Scientist to help us ensure the safety of US Navy Sailors. Our team analyzes massive amounts of data to drive improvements to combat systems, tactical networks, and advanced radars. Youll join a tight-knit team of engineers, software developers, and analysts who deliver technical insights to Navy leadership. 
 As a Data Scientist...   

You will analyze combat system data to support predictive analysis, test execution, and post-test analysis.  

You will use statistics, machine learning, and visualization to gain insights into complex systems and datasets for the U.S. Navy.  

You will root-cause issues and propose solutions.  

You will build end-to-end data pipelines to support automated data processing and analysis for off-site test events.  

You will present your insights to technical and executive-level audiences.    Qualifications 
 You meet our minimum qualifications for the job if you...   

Hold a BS in Engineering, Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, or similar field  

Have at least 3 years of experience drawing insights from data  

Have familiarity with Python, or similar programming languages for data processing and visualization  

Can support occasional travel to test events (less than 20% of the time)  

Are able to obtain Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship.   
 You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you...   

Hold an advanced degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Computer Science, or similar field  

Have experience with pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib/seaborn/plotly, and a deep learning framework (e.g. tensorflow, pytorch, keras)  

Have a background in combat systems, radar, electronic warfare, tactical networks, and/or missile integration  

Currently hold a Secret clearance (or above)   
 Why work at APL?  
The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) brings world-class expertise to our nation's most critical defense, security, space and science challenges. With a wide selection of challenging, impactful work and a robust education assistance program, APL promotes a culture of life-long learning. Our employees enjoy generous benefits and healthy work/life balance. APL's campus is located in the Baltimore-Washington metro area. Learn more about our career opportunities at www.jhuapl.edu/careers. 
APL is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 Primary Location:   United States- Maryland-*Laurel 
 Req ID:  20892 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Laurel, MD 20724 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_0c10f61d6d0b22f7c44bad26fe4e7b0d
