Job Description
About INOVIO

INOVIO is a biotechnology company focused on rapidly bringing to market precisely designed DNA medicines to potentially treat and protect people from diseases associated with HPV, cancer, and infectious diseases. INOVIO is the first and only company to have clinically demonstrated that a DNA medicine can be delivered directly into cells in the body via a proprietary smart device to produce a robust and tolerable immune response. Partners and collaborators include Advaccine, ApolloBio Corporation, AstraZeneca, The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)/Department of Defense (DOD), GeneOne Life Science/VGXI, HIV Vaccines Trial Network, International Vaccine Institute (IVI), Medical CBRN Defense Consortium (MCDC), National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Ology Bioservices, Plumbline Life Sciences, Regeneron, Richter-Helm, Roche/Genentech, University of Pennsylvania, Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, and The Wistar Institute. For more information, visit www.inovio.com.

Notice to Applicants: Inovio is seeking to fill one available position for a junior level employee to support our clinical trials. Two different position levels are posted below and candidates meeting the qualifications for either of these positions will be considered. The successful candidate will be hired at the title and salary commensurate with the education, knowledge, skills, and experience.

Position #1: Clinical Trial Associate Job Summary

The Associate, Clinical Trials (CTA) is responsible for supporting, under the direct supervision of the supervisor/Clinical Project Lead (CPL), clinical trial execution, investigator sponsored research and program level activities as assigned within Clinical Operations at Inovio. This position assists in various tasks and projects related to clinical trials as well as basic, administrative duties.

Essential job functions and duties
Assist with filing and maintaining study files, investigator files, and study plans
Support Clinical Project Lead to collect relevant study information on timelines, progress and resources.
Assist in the development, review, and tracking of clinical protocols, informed consent forms, clinical study reports, regulatory documents (e.g., IND, BLA, etc.), and other clinical documents.
Expert on maintaining project processes, tracking systems and other utilized study systems. Generate and distribute status reports to management and other clinical team members.
Assist with management of study timelines and study progress. Undertake defined responsibilities delegated by the CPL or designee.
Assist the CPL or designee in the management and tracking of patient visits, clinical supplies, including drug, devices, lab kits, and lab samples, etc.
Coordinate and support clinical team, consultant and vendor meetings.
Assess meeting requirements and plan appropriately (e.g., arrange meeting room, schedules teleconference, distributes meeting agenda, prepares and distributes meeting minutes, etc.)
Complete assigned tasks in accordance with SOPs and guidelines, Good Clinical Practice (GCP), International Council on Harmonisation (ICH) guidelines and regulatory requirements for clinical trial management.
Provide progress updates and summaries to CPL.
Communicate study-related information to investigators and study staff as delegated by the CPL
Plan and/or participate in conduct of Investigator Meetings
Other tasks may be assigned based on skill sets and business needs
Upload and manage documents to Trial Master File (TMF) and electronic TMF platforms (Veeva Vault experience is preferred)
Manage team members’ study specific training
Manage study specific SOPs
Other tasks may be assigned based on skill sets and business need
Minimum requirements
Bachelor’s degree
Area(s) of expertise desired: Biology, Immunology, Cell or Molecular Biology. Experience with vaccines highly preferred
Years of experience required: Combination of 6 months - 2 years of monitoring and/or 6 months -2 years of clinical trial management experience
MS Office Suite proficiency [Word, Outlook, Excel (must be strong in Excel), Powerpoint]
Excellent oral and written communication skills, attention to detail and ability to interact effectively with management and prioritize diverse projects for multiple disciplines
Ability to work independently and provide quality work
Working knowledge of FDA regulations/guidelines, ICH guidelines, and GCPs
Demonstrates an understanding of trial and strategy, protocol objectives, and study outcomes
Less than 10% travel may be required
Position #2: Associate Clinical Scientist

Job summary

This individual will support the global execution of assigned clinical trials from study design, through execution, to study close out. Duties also include coordination of clinical trial operations as performed by a CRO or other external consultants. This role supports internally sourced studies and studies out-sourced to Clinical Research Organizations (CROs) and the balance of participation versus oversight will vary accordingly. Authoring clinical documents (e.g., protocol, ICF, pharmacy manual, lab manual, etc.) and delivering clinical trials conducted globally. S/he will help ensuring that these trials are executed in a way that meets ICH, GCPs, and local requirements. S/he will help ensure these trials achieves maximum productivity, efficiency, and compliance to national, international and local standards. S/he will contribute and drive ongoing process improvement initiatives.

Essential job functions and duties
Supports the cross-functional study team responsible for clinical study delivery and is the primary point of contact of leadership and oversight (as required) for the assigned study.
Supports the preparation and finalization of project and study-related documents including: informed consent forms, clinical trial outlines, monitoring plans, synopses, protocols and amendments, IND annual updates and clinical summaries, as required.
Supports the oversight of data quality including regular review of data metrics and listings, protocol deviations, eligibility violations, dosing deviations, and suspected serious non-compliance by sites.
Supports the development of and implementation of patient recruitment and retention strategies and acts on any deviations from plan.
Supports the CPL in managing escalated issues related to study conduct, quality, timelines or budget to operations lead and other stakeholders and develops and implements appropriate actions to address issues.
Supports the management and oversight of study close-out activities including but not limited to database lock, reconciliation of vendor contracts, budget, TMF, and study drug accountability.
Supports accurate budget management and scope changes for assigned studies.
Supports the management of project timelines and vendor performance to meet departmental and corporate goals.
Supports the oversight of the CROs and Third Party Vendors in alignment and delivery per the scope of work
Supports identification of innovative approaches to clinical study execution including global considerations and continuous improvement of CTM SOPs.
Participate in clinical and department settings, including attending additional meetings as required, interacting in a positive and professional manner.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Minimum requirements
Bachelor’s degree and minimum of 2-3 years relevant experience; advanced degree is a plus.
Ability to understand and implement the strategic plans for respective clinical studies.
Proactive and self-disciplined, ability to meet deadlines, effective use of time, and prioritization.
Ability to build productive teams and collaborations.
Experience with CROs
Knowledge of FDA, ICH, GCPs, and other regulatory requirements.
Experience in global clinical trial operations including experience developing protocols and key study documents, a plus.
Ability to support teams as well as the ability to work within cross functional teams.
Ability to organize and prioritize multiple tasks.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Attention to detail, organization, and problem-solving skills.
Technical proficiency in trial management systems.
MS Office Suite proficiency [Word, Outlook, Excel (must be strong in Excel), Powerpoint]
Disclaimer

Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. In keeping with our policy, Inovio will recruit, hire, train and promote into all job titles the most qualified individuals, without regard to race, color, creed, gender, gender identity and expression, religion, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, military or veteran status, physical or mental disability, medical condition including genetic characteristics, sexual orientation, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws.

A current US work authorization is required. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. Inovio offers an attractive benefits package and is an equal opportunity employer.

Important notice to employment businesses/agencies

Inovio does not accept referrals from employment agencies unless written authorization from the Inovio Human Resources department has been provided. In the absence of written authorization, any actions undertaken by employment agencies shall be deemed to have been performed without our consent and therefore Inovio will not be liable for any fees arising from employment agency referrals in respect to current or future position vacancies at Inovio.

Powered by JazzHR

s3sIE2CN3e
