Job Description:

Data Scientist – Cyber Crime Protection

Job Description:

Responsible for enabling analysis, modeling, and optimization through producing information products. Actively involved in the research and development efforts. Primary requirement is not related to traditional programming or systems analysis skills but to the ability to create sophisticated, value-added analytic systems that support cyber crime protection and related issues of risk management, operational efficiency, regulatory compliance, and research. These systems must overcome issues of complex data (e.g., VLDB, multi-structured, big data, etc.) as well as deployment of advanced techniques (e.g., machine learning, text mining, statistical analysis, etc.) to deliver insights.

Responsible for adoption of enterprise information products through clearly communicating how enterprise information products answer material banking questions leading to decisions and actions. This role possesses an advanced degree in hard science. Able to lead or work independently on complex projects and influence strategic direction.

Responsibilities:

Support key regulatory model testing, implementation, ongoing performance monitoring, and MRM documentation

Use data assets to gain insights into current processes and models

Drive processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Research and identify the data gaps, develop and implement remediation plan and assess the model outcome impact

Lead Data Quality metrics development and monitoring, internal process design and documentation

Extend company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Data mining, investigation and transformation

Experience / Qualifications:

5+ years of professional experience as a data scientist or related roles

Advanced degree or equivalent experience in a quantitative discipline.

Strong STEM background

Hands on experience in Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Quantitative Analysis, Forecasting, Data Visualization

Strong knowledge and high proficiency in SAS, SQL, Python, etc.

Attention to details and willingness to dive deeper into complex databases and sources

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week:

40
