POSITION SUMMARY: The Data Scientist drives internal data analytics projects for the HR group. Projects will vary from short explorations of our data to longer-term implementations of advanced predictive and machine learning models. The Data Scientist constantly explores our existing data while seeking out new data to consume. They apply analytical and data science methods to real world datasets to solve ongoing business problems. The Data Scientist effectively communicates both technical and analytical concepts across all levels of the organization, and they influence the roadmap and decisions made by the HR through presentation of data-based recommendations.

PRINCIPLE RESPONSIBILITIES:

Performs time-series analyses, hypothesis testing, and causal analyses to statistically assess relative impact and extract trends across all relevant functional areas within HR (Talent Acquisition, Organizational Development, Compensation, Labor Relations etc.)

Transforms data into actionable insights and recommendations.

Designs experiments and interprets the results to draw detailed and actionable conclusions.

Builds models to enhance understanding of trends and predicts future performance.

Finds new opportunities and novel applications for our core internal data.

Translates and champions our Machine Learning capabilities for non-technical audiences.

Participates in end-to-end data science project lifecycle – data mining and exploration, model development and evaluation, solution deployment in production, measurement and tracking.

Designs, validates and evaluates solutions using R, Python, SQL and other programming tools.

Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent.

QUALIFICATIONS:

Master’s degree preferred.

Experience extracting data using SQL.

Proficiency in either R or Python.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor’s Degree in an analytical field (Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Finance, Engineering, etc.).

Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.
