Data Scientist, Lead 
The Challenge: 
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors  from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence  you know the answers are in the data. 
We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to advance the missions of key federal departments and agencies. Youll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. Youll mentor teammates, build analytical models, develop strategies, create concept of operations and prototypes, and visualize organizational bottlenecks and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior federal leaders make informed decisions. You'll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. As a technical leader, youll identify new opportunities to use data science solutions to help your customers meet their toughest challenges. Join us as we use data science for good across the federal government to advance complex missions. 
Build Your Career: 
We know the power of analytics and were dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. You can expect:  

access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk  

a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowlthe worlds premier data science for social good competition  

participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government   
Youll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. Well help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. 
You Have: 
-8+ years of experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, and graph algorithms 
-Experience with using R and Python for data analysis and modeling 
-Experience with data science application, machine learning, and advanced data analytics using structured, unstructured, and relational data 
-Experience in developing highly advanced machine learning models on large, complex, and disparate data sets 
-Experience with developing and mentoring staff and building an internal capacity to deliver high quality and highly innovative analytics services 
-Ability to obtain a security clearance 
-BA or BS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or Economics 
Nice If You Have: 
-Experience with semantic ontologies and natural language processing 
-Experience in developing artificial intelligence (AI) solutions 
-MA or MS degree 
Clearance:  
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 
ID: 2019-2418  
External Company Name: Precision Solutions  
External Company URL: http://precision-solutions.com/ 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 20022 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_d7329e161c974163ced6e6bccb78614f
