Intel - E3/Sentinels Intelligence Division provides advisory services across the Intelligence Community (IC) to create efficiencies, provide innovative best practices, and drive mission success. Our diverse team is empowered with the knowledge, tools, and skills to accomplish extraordinary results. With careers in acquisition lifecycle management, systems engineering and technical assistance (SETA), and program management and oversight, E3/Sentinels highly skilled employees help our customers achieve operational excellence. 
E3 is seeking motivated, high-caliber professionals to join our growing Intelligence Division.  We are seeking Data Scientists at multiple experience levels to be considered for a new long-term contract pending award.  Candidates should have a minimum of an Associates degree and between 2-8 years of relevant data science experience.  

Apply statistical techniques to analyze structured, unstructured, and various data sets   

Participate as a member of a cross-functional analytic team.  

Extract meaning from and interpreting data using statistical and machine learning methods and tools.  

Develops products and analytic models using data science techniques.  

Collaborates with analytic teams to develop solutions to complex analytic challenges.  

Active Top Secret/SCI clearance  

Associates degree with 2  8 years data science experience (for various levels).  

Experience with R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark programming languages.  

Experience exploiting big data sets.  

Strong knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite to include Visio and Project.   
E3/Sentinel is a mission-focused services and solutions company that specializes in helping federal clients solve their most challenging business problems. Our motivated and technology-enabled workforce utilizes proven management and technical consulting practices and applies agile principles and data-driven decision making to enable our clients to better meet mission requirements. We create significant value for our clients by bringing subject matter expertise across the federal marketplace in the disciplines of Acquisition Lifecycle Management, Program Management Support Services, Systems Engineering and Technical Assistance, and Facilities and Engineering Management. Excellence, Accountability, Community, Humility and Integrity are the core values of E3/Sentinel. We are recognized leaders in the management consulting community as trusted partners to federal agencies and to industry. We are an organization that offers both our employees and clients an exceptional experience; our culture is contagious, and we always maintain a genuine reputation. 
E3/Sentinel is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled. 
Req #: 2018-4556  
External Company Name: E3 Federal Solutions, LLC  
External Company URL: www.e3federalsolutions.com 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 20022 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_98eb6670d2d50b7027853ca8f3998cf6
