Bachelor's degree in quantitative field such as CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics or equivalent with 5+ years of experience

2+ years of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, Weka, SAS, Matlab)

Experience developing experimental and analytic plans for data modeling processes

Understanding of relevant statistical measures such as confidence intervals, significance of error measurements, development and evaluation data sets, etc.

Come define the future of Amazon Alexa and voice-powered connected devices by joining the Alexa Voice Service team. We are looking for an outstanding Data Scientist to deliver on strategic analytical projects, define/produce end-to-end metrics that inform product and marketing decisions and identify new growth opportunities for the business through data-driven insights.

The ideal candidate relishes working with large volumes of data, enjoys the challenge of highly complex business contexts, and, above all else, is passionate about data and analytics. The candidate is an expert with business intelligence tools and passionately partners with the business to identify strategic opportunities where data-backed insights drive value creation. The candidate is a self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity, able to think big (while paying careful attention to detail), and enjoys working in a fast-paced and global team.

ABOUT ALEXA AND THE ALEXA VOICE SERVICE

Alexa is the brain behind Echo, the Amazon device designed around your voice that answers your questions, plays your music, reads the news you care about, checks sports scores or the weather, and much more—instantly. Just ask! The vision for Alexa is to build the Star Trek computer in the cloud and enable customers to access it from a range of devices. The Alexa Voice Service is the set of APIs and services that allows device makers and application developers to add intelligent voice control for Alexa’s growing list of capabilities to any connected product that has a microphone and speaker.

Master's degree in highly quantitative field such as CS, machine learning, mathematics, statistics

Ability to establish strong baselines and accurately determine cause and effect relationships

7+ years of experience with machine learning, statistical modeling, data mining, and analytics techniques.

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity Employer – Minority / Women / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation / Age
