35049BR  
 Job Title:  
Data Scientist - Supply Chain, Logistics, Service Engineering 
 Job Description & Qualifications:  
We are looking for highly-motivated and highly-skilled individuals who can take ownership of the development and deployment of analytics solutions using various data science techniques including statistics, econometrics, machine learning, mathematical optimization, visualization, and geospatial mapping. You will work closely with business stakeholders and other project team members to support Ford Customer Service in driving profitable growth in the areas of Parts Supply & Logistics (PS&L), Service Engineering Operations (SEO), and Ford Component Sales (FCS). 
You will acquire deep understanding of business opportunities in these areas and face the challenge of addressing them with analytics solutions. 
\n\n\n\n 
 Primary responsibilities will include:   

Working collaboratively with cross-functional teams while independently performing tasks as needed  

Identifying data sources  

Processing and cleaning data  

Developing analytics solutions such as clustering, regression, econometric forecasting, optimization, visualization, and mapping  

Deploying in business systems or analytics platforms for business use   
 B    asic Qualifications   

Bachelors degree in engineering, operations research, computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, geographic information system, or related quantitative field  

3+ years of work experience in data science within manufacturing, product development, supply chain, logistics, service engineering, or geospatial mapping OR in lieu of 3+ years of work experience, a Masters degree and 1+ years of related work experience.  

3+ years of experience using statistical software and programming languages like Python, R, CPLEX, Matlab, Java, Hadoop, AWS, Tableau, QlikView, and/or Alteryx OR in lieu of 3+ years of experience, a Masters degree and 1+ years of related experience.  

3+ years of experience in large data processing and cleaning. OR in lieu of 3+ years of experience, a Masters degree and 1+ years of related experience.   
 Preferred Qualifications   

Ph.D. in engineering, operations research, computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, geographic information system, or related quantitative field  

1+ years of data science experience in manufacturing, product development, supply chain, logistics, service engineering, geospatial mapping  

1+ years of experience using statistical software and programming languages like Python, R, CPLEX, Matlab, Java, Hadoop, AWS, Tableau, Qlikview, and Alteryx  

1+ years of experience in large data processing and cleaning   
 Additional Information  
We are looking for people who share our passion in helping transform Ford as we prepare for the future shaped by autonomy, smart mobility, and electrification. 
Join our team as we create tomorrow!  We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because were Built Ford Tough. Were one team striving to make peoples lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for the win. 
Candidates for positions with Ford Motor Company must be legally authorized to work in the United States on a permanent basis.  Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire.  Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. 
Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status 
 Auto req ID:  
35049BR 
 Company:  
Ford Motor Company 
 Function:  
GDIA 
 Skill Team:  
GDI&A 
 Sub-Component:  
Smart Mobility Analytics 
 State:  
Michigan 
 Location:  
Dearborn 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Dearborn, MI 48120 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_43c4af9a954fb3fdc579d6be84299f17
