At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both.   We're all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work.   Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career. 
 
 Manage the implementation of analytic objectives focused on enhancing and streamlining audit testing across business lines. Partner with the audit leadership team, audit teams, business partners, and BT partners to understand the business and regulatory environment, audit program, applications, and data. Work with the audit team and business to identify and implement automated solutions to enhance and streamline the audit program for specific assigned areas. Leverage available technologies including advanced analytic capabilities, internal and external data, industry and other information to develop automated solutions in support of the audit review. 
 Uses operational and technical skills to support the department objectives. Assigned to a schedule of audit reviews where he/she will follow audit methodology to provide analytical oversight for various functions, leveraging internal and external data as well as industry, economic, and market information for analytics and/or model development in support of the audit review. Uses data to drive the audit and participate in client interviews, process flow and narrative creation, review of business processes, identification and assessment of controls, testing key controls, finding development, and communicating with clients to develop and follow up on actions. Responsibilities  
 Leads complex audits/audit tasks pursuant to department guidelines and within established timetables with high-quality results. Provides analytic leadership and guidance and technical review for the data scientists assigned to the audit. Works with, and guides, the audit team in designing, developing, and implementing analytic solutions to evaluate and monitor the risk environment. Creates data-driven solutions for audit.   
 Analyzes and mines large quantities of data to find patterns and extracts insights from the data resulting in high-quality audits that ensure the mitigation of risks to the company. Utilizes data models to support audit leadership with identifying and solving a variety of business issues. Partners with technology teams to implement quantitative solutions. Explores tools and techniques to ensure the company is using the best analytical tools. Develops and implements quantitative solutions that leverages structured and unstructured data from internal and external sources.   
 Communicates the status of audits and its findings to key clients. Works with clients to develop solutions to identified findings. Interacts effectively with IT, operational and financial auditors to ensure complete coverage of audit entity.   
 Continues to develop skillsets by meeting required training and obtaining advanced degrees and/or certification pursuant to department guidelines. Maintains a high level of understanding and competency in statistical and analytical principles, tools, and advanced techniques, including knowledge in UNIX, programming skills in SAS/R/SQL, and any other statistical software used in Discover.   
 Uses data to inform risk assessment pursuant to department standards. Completes and documents audit fieldwork and testing on time, using department tools and standards. Highlights potential findings for discussion with the supervisor. Discusses findings with clients and develops action plans. Completes detailed review of audit work of assigned staff. Multi-tasks work to meet established timeframes of several jobs.   
 Develops staff on audits or educates the team to improve the department skill set. Defines expectations with audit staff at the beginning of the audit. Provides leadership and guidance to the team in the area of expertise.   
 Minimum Qualifications 
   At a minimum, here's what we need from you:       
 Bachelor's Degree in Applied Sciences, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business, MIS, or related field   
 6+ years of experience in Analytics, Audit, Finance, Risk Management, Business, IT, or related field   
 With a Master's Degree or a Ph.D., 4+ years of experience in Analytics, Audit, Finance, Risk Management, Business, IT, or related field     Preferred Qualifications 
   If we had our say, we'd also look for: 
       
 Ph.D. in Applied Sciences, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business, MIS, or related field   
 Master's Degree in Applied Sciences, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business, MIS, or related field4+ years of experience in Predictive Analytics, Fraud Analytics, Modeling   
 Business, CAP, Six Sigma, Risk, STEM, Audit, or related professional certification   
 Experience with Abi Initio or related tools   
 Proficiency with statistical and computer software, or other analytical tools such as SAS, R, SQL, as well as, Microsoft Word/Excel/Power Point   
 Working knowledge in UNIX or PC environment for data extraction, reporting and modeling   
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to interact with all levels of the organization   
 Ability to work independently as well as provide guidance to junior team members   
 Demonstrated project management skills, including ability to prioritize, deliver against tight deadlines and follow through on completion of complex, high-profile projects   
 Proven knowledge and expertise in business and analytics, machine learning background and working experience     
 #LI-JM1   

 Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or as a qualified individual with a disability. 



Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Riverwoods, IL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_45a744695149a1d27ea30e4c320eaa9e
