Collaborate with assigned departments to provide actionable data-driven insights through research and analysis of data sources and development of statistical mathematical and predictive models. Support departments to make informed data-driven decisions to meet quality and business objectives. Understand all phases of the analytic process including data collection preparation modeling evaluation and deployment. Explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources in order to identify provide reporting on and analyze trends in the data as well as regular reporting for assigned departments. Establish links across existing data sources and find new interesting data correlations. Develop statistical mathematical and predictive models using strategic business understanding to build the algorithms necessary to ask the right questions and find the right answers. Stay appraised of all assigned initiatives providing reporting and analytics that will allow the group to make informed data-driven decisions to meet business objectives. Visualize and report data findings creatively in a variety of visual formats that appropriately provides insights to the stakeholders. Under general supervision formulates and defines analytic scope and objectives through research and fact-finding. Is able to answer defined questions about health system functions/operations/populations using appropriate statistical techniques on available data. Drives the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data for new purposes. Analyze and interpret the results of experiments to create cost effective and process-efficient alternatives enhancements or modification. Competent to work on most phases of data analysis and associated programming activities. Understands all phases of the analytic process including data collection preparation modeling evaluation and deployment. Under general supervision formulates and defines analytic scope and objectives through research and fact-finding. Competent to work on most phases of data analysis and associated programming activities. In addition to the above job responsibilities, other duties may be assigned. Position Compensation Range: $81,078.40 - $129,708.80 Annual MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Education: Master's Degree required. Experience: 3-5 years relevant experience. Licensure: None required PHYSICAL DEMANDS This is primarily a sedentary job involving extensive use of desktop computers. The job does occasionally require walking some distance to attend meetings, and programs. The University of Virginia, including the UVA Health System and the University Physician's Group are fundamentally committed to the diversity of our faculty and staff. We believe diversity is excellence expressing itself through every person's perspectives and lived experiences. We are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, disability, gender identity, marital status, national or ethnic origin, political affiliation, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, veteran status, and family medical or genetic information.
