Organization Overview  
DSET is Abts full-service technology, data, and innovation partner, offering expertise across the entire spectrum of data  from the initial capture, to data wrangling and analytics, and data visualization and dissemination. They combine deep experience in developing, conducting and capturing high-quality data via complex surveys with an ability to normalize, analyze and transform data into actionable insights. 
 Opportunity  
The Data Scientist will support data science activities by applying technical and analytical expertise to extract meaning and interpretation from data. Activities will include: finding patterns, building models, and designing algorithms to support the business and its clients in making optimal data-driven decisions. 
 Key Roles and Responsibilities   
Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods (e.g. classification, regression, validation, inference, etc.) 
Perform machine learning to support predictive analytics by implementing algorithms and software needed to perform analyses 
Perform data mining to extract patterns and knowledge from large data sets 
Collaborate with IT and across divisions/departments to transform data for modeling and visualizations 
Cluster large amounts of data content and process in large scale environments (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, etc.) 
Investigate new data sources and identify data quality issues and potential value 
Perform explanatory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and patterns identification  
 Preferred Skills / Prerequisites   
Must have 1  2 years of experience working with datasets of all sizes ranging from hundreds to millions of observations 
Possess experience in data collection, cleaning, analysis, statistical modeling, and reporting 
Possess experience with messy and unstructured data, data cleaning, and in understanding data hierarchy and combining datasets 
Be proficient with statistical computing environments including R, SAS, and Stata 
Have experience with data visualization systems and packages such as Tableau and SpotFire 
Have experience with data manipulation and management in SAS, R, and/or SQL 
Be familiar with machine learning techniques (e.g. Random Forest, Gradient Boosting) 
Proficient at building and deploying small to extremely large databases in a variety of environments  
 Minimum Qualifications   
Bachelor degree in quantitative field with 2  4 years of experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience; master degree in quantitative field preferred. In cases of internal promotion, an exception may be made to the minimum requirements based on company needs and the proven ability of the incumbent to perform the key roles and responsibilities of this job  
Abt Associates is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer committed to fostering a diverse workforce. Abt Associates provides market-competitive salaries and comprehensive employee benefits. 
As an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, Abt Associates is committed to fostering a diverse, multicultural work environment where our employees respect one another and share a commitment to our firm's values, mission, and strategies. Abt Associates Inc. provides equal employment to all participants and employees without regard to age, race, color, sex, creed, citizenship status, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, marital status, or veteran status. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Rockville, MD 20849 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_359d26a34753667d9d3ce4597bdafca0
