COMPANY PROFILE  

Oshkosh Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of access equipment, specialty vehicles and truck bodies for the primary markets of defense, concrete placement, refuse hauling, access equipment and fire &amp; emergency. Founded in 1917, Oshkosh Corporation has manufacturing operations in nine U.S. states and in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, France, Mexico, The Netherlands, and Romania.  The company currently employs approximately 12,100 people worldwide. 

Oshkosh Corporation is a Fortune 350, multi-billion dollar company.  Oshkosh Corporation designs and builds the world's toughest specialty trucks, truck bodies, and access equipment by working shoulder-to-shoulder with the people who use them. 
  This role will be based in either Oshkosh, WI or Evanston, IL.  During the inital onboarding and training period, this role will require any non local candidates to be based in Oshkosh, WI.   
  
 
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:     
These duties are not meant to be all-inclusive and other duties may be assigned.  
Acquire business understanding needed to conduct analysis through collaboration with business experts, external partners and research. 
Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes. 
Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data. 
Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns. 
Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms. 
Present information using data visualization techniques. 
Propose solutions and strategies for business value generation. 
Collaborate with team members in all functions, including sales, operations, supply chain, engineering, product development, finance, HR, etc.  
  
 
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:       
Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Engineering or relevant field. 
Eight (8) or more years’ experience working as a data scientist 
Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (SPSS, SAS, etc.). 
Knowledge of and experience with data mining, segmentation, machine-learning and optimization techniques (SPSS, R, CPLEX, etc.). 
Strong  analytical skills  with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. 
Knowledge of and experience with data visualization and reporting packages (Cognos Analytics, Watson Analytics, PowerBI, etc.), databases (SQL, etc.), programming (Python, JavaScript, Scala, ETL tools, etc.). 
Aptitude for working in a fast-paced collaborative team environment with proven experience as a self-starter and problem-solver. 
Excellent interpersonal skills as well as the ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from leaders and peers.
    
 
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:     
Graduate degree in Data Science or another quantitative field. 
 Technical expertise  regarding data models, database design and management for structured and unstructured data (SQL Server, Netezza, IBM DB2, HDFS, Spark, etc.). 
Excellent communication and presentation skills to sell use cases and research results.  
  
*USA100  Oshkosh Corporation is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. This company will provide equal opportunity to all individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status. Information collected regarding categories as provided by law will in no way affect the decision regarding an employment application.

 
 Oshkosh Corporation will not discharge or in any manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with Oshkosh Corporation's legal duty to furnish information.   
 
 Certain positions with Oshkosh Corporation require access to controlled goods and technologies subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations or the Export Administration Regulations. Applicants for these positions may need to be "U.S. Persons," as defined in these regulations. Generally, a "U.S. Person" is a U.S. citizen, lawful permanent resident, or an individual who has been admitted as a refugee or granted asylum.    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Appleton, WI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         187920
