The Startup Located in breathtaking downtown Santa Barbara, centered in the vibrant, up-and-coming Haley Corridor, Briq is altering the landscape for construction decision making. We are harnessing the power of data to build the industry’s first construction data cloud. Leaders in automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, Briq is helping construction companies minimize risk and maximize success.   
 The Skinny Briq is ready for curious, charismatic, creative people to join the Engineering Team at one of the fastest-growing construction analytics companies. 
 Our team of strategists, leaders, data scientists, and change-makers are revolutionizing the world by providing data tools that improve decision-making in one of the most predominant industries today. Our clients are among the largest builders in the world; responsible for creating the infrastructure you thrive on and designing the cities you live, work and play in. They are hungry for better, smarter data and we are hungry for your talents to help make it happen. 
 The SkillThe Briq Engineering team is looking for a Principal Data Scientist to fuel our accelerated growth. We are rapidly growing and ready for someone who harbors a passion for crafting and deploying top quality, high-performing, data, AI, and analytic systems to join the Briq family in evolving our platform and changing the world of construction. 
 The Principal Data Scientist will guide the engineering team in decision-making and best practices; ensuring a consistently high-quality product while: Driving engineering culture of excellence in partnership with product teams Leading technical direction on design, implementation, and deployment of data services and pipelines that satisfy the evolving needs of our customers Coordinating leadership contribution and buy-in to design planning process across Briq products and services Ensuring the use of data and AI is woven throughout the Briq enterprise Establishing organizational best-practices scalable across teams and products resulting in consistent, high-quality, industry standard-setting analytics and AI systems Building internal and external relationships as a Briq evangelist and thought leader 
 The StandardTo be successful as a principal data scientist, you will have exceptional leadership, communication and project management skills with a deep understanding of software systems at multiple levels of abstraction and an intrinsic desire to develop the skills and talents of others. You take a keen interest in international trends in engineering and leadership and harbor an above average emotional intelligence. Moreover, your background likely looks a lot like this: Fifteen (15) years of experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, natural language processing or related areas in the context of web-based software development/software engineering, data warehousing, or other client/server applications, Experience with a range of engineering skills including requirements collection, architectural design, documentation organization, and operations management, Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field, PhD preferred, Actively participated in a development team operating at large scale, Technically led a team of data scientists and demonstrated mentoring skills within the group, Experience with a wide range of programming languages such as Python and Scala, Experience with relational and noSQL databases, Experience with real world applications of artificial intelligence and machine learning, Proficiency with cloud computing providers such as Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Services, or Microsoft Azure. 
 The Briq platform is used by construction leaders looking for meaning in their data. You'll join a highly collaborative and passionate engineering and product organization who are on a mission to help people see and understand data, dedicated to building a fantastic company and workplace, and are relentlessly focused on our customers and on building amazing products. Principal software engineers report directly to the CTO and work closely with the director of engineering to support all aspects of developing and operating our products.   
 Briq is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. If you think you have what it takes to thrive here, we want you!

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Santa Barbara, CA 93101 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7484_1449512352
