Principle Deep Learning Data Scientist 
 If you are a Principle Deep Learning Data Scientist with experience, please read on! This is an exciting opportunity to take part in the Silicon Valley Startup Scene from your home. We are building the AI layer for supply-chain intelligence and maximizing margins for manufacturers. We focus on Automotive, CPG, and Electronics verticals. We've been around 4+ years, so we're resilient and have learned tons, but we're still a small team with lots of equity on the table, hence, now, ahead of the institutional round is the best time to make the jump and join!     What You Will Be Doing 
 You will be a key member of a growing team of awesome collegial free-thinking AI scientists and engineers developing solutions for the most challenging deep-learning problems in the one of the best and largest markets-- the global manufacturing and supply chain industry   What You Need for this Position 
 ou're up to speed on the latest developments in deep-learning neural networks (LSTMs, ConvNets; hybrid architectures etc) and deep-reinforcement-learning and have delivered at least one solution on a real customer data-set. But you also enjoy building systems, coding up your own algorithms and the iterative performance tuning to deliver a solution that delights customers. 
An AI MS/PhD isn't required but is certainly a plus.

The ideal candidate is highly innovative energetic technologist with experience in enterprise scale machine learning, data mining, computer vision and/or analytics. You are an awesome problem solver who is both methodical and creative. You can learn any new technology, are not ashamed of admitting mistakes, love to take on new challenges, and a great team player when it comes to collaborative inventions. Strong algorithmic background is clearly required and will be thoroughly evaluated.

You must have some amazon AWS, RESTful APIs, and LAMP experience. Experience building transactional systems, and/or ERP/supply-chain systems is highly desirable. If you want to get into core engineering team of one of the valley's top AI teams developing one of the most innovative, unique and practical cloud AI services for commerce, you've found it, and we'd love to chat. Bring your true self, and if all goes well on both sides, we promise we'll make it compelling.   What's In It for You 
 Work Remote! Canadians Welcome!
Competitive base and Equity in the company.  
 So, if you are a Principle Deep Learning Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!   - 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 

                        All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.                     


Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Berkeley, CA 94702 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         SM1-15393445
