Are you a Data Scientist ready to step into a role with more responsibility and freedom? Do you thrive in a fast-paced, challenging environment? Do you have experience in python working across a variety of data science tasks? Talk to us. We’re looking for other inquisitive minds to help us solve challenging business problems as we grow and scale the business. We heavily use the following techniques and technologies. You're well-experienced in at least a few of these, and would like to get proficient with the remainder, and maybe have good suggestions of other data science tools and methodologies that we haven’t used yet. Modeling and machine learning Advanced feature engineering Python - pandas, numpy, scikit-learn Anaconda, Jupyter notebooks SQL - (PostgresSQL) Deploying and validating models in production Docker We are a multi-brand online consumer lender specializing in installment lending and lines of credit. We are on the cusp of significant growth in the scale of our operations and need you to help us grow. Our data science team consists of highly motivated and experienced data scientists. We are very collaborative - we work out difficult problems together and the work that we do has a meaningful and immediate impact on the business. You’ll be able to own your work and your projects from the beginning to the very end (with guidance) and will be able to improve on them more over time. We work on projects that affect all areas of the business - our main responsibilities are fraud and credit modeling but we also do many other things like evaluating products, assessing customer journey and optimizing call center operations. We work directly with the leaders of our company to determine what are the most critical issues facing the business and how to go about solving them. We have a python-based, custom-built platform (that we helped design) for running all our credit modeling which means that we fully own all of our modeling and decision processes from POC to production. We’re constantly working on adding new models and improving existing ones and as a member of the team you have a set of models and analyses that will be your own. Job Requirements Qualifications Bachelor’s degree or equivalent (Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Biostatistics, Engineering), and 2+ years of related experience, Masters or Ph.D. preferred Experience designing and building highly-available distributed systems Experience with: SQL, PostgreSQL Python - Pandas, numpy, scikit-learn Anaconda/Jupyter notebooks Version control systems (Git/GitHub) Ability to communicate analysis approaches and results in an organized and clear way Must be flexible and be willing to learn new tools/methods quickly Must be comfortable working in a fast paced environment Must plan/breakdown projects and estimate time to complete constituent tasks Must have excellent troubleshooting skills — identify/solve complex problems independently Must be organized Must be a strong team player Must be able to drive projects to completion independently
