IQVIA is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward. 
 Key Responsibilities    :   

Work with Advanced Analytics (AA) and Managed Markets consultants (MASC) to gather, document, and curate key methodologies, techniques, and standards for using IQVIA patient data (LAAD, LRx, Dx)  

Formalize the considerable library of methodologies that MASC (Amundsen) has already assembled  

Build and maintain a library of code examples and starter code (code snippets that can be easily modified for use in customer specific studies)  

Develop and implement standards for documenting the standard methodologies  

Develop training materials to inform analysts around the usage of the methodologies and code examples  

Deliver training sessions around methodologies/techniques on a regular basis  

Work with AA and MASC teams to develop new methodologies/techniques as new data assets become available (e.g. ICoE Companion Suite, LAAD for Mx)  

Actively work with data product development teams to document specifications for new product needs   
 Requirements  :  

3-4 years of experience working with teams doing custom customer-facing studies using patient longitudinal data  

Strong analytical-SQL skills  

Strong documentation and organizational skills  

Demonstrated ability to develop and deliver trainings  

Demonstrated ability to build relationships with various stakeholders across multiple internal teams   
 Join Us  
Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients. 
Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning. 
IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled 
IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities.  Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIAs Talent Acquisition team at   workday recruiting@iqvia.com_  to arrange for such an accommodation. 
At IQVIA, we have a vision. Where every healthcare decision is based on evidence. Where data science and human science come together to improve global health. Where new and creative solutions arent just possible  they are expected. 
Thank you for your interest in growing your career with us. It takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage to transform healthcare. The 56,000+ employees of the IQVIA family of companies, including Q2 Solutions, are reimagining a world without the consequences of disease. We are brave minds bringing powerful ideas to reality. At IQVIA, you can truly make an impact in an environment where youre supported to succeed. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_ebc56a4b991e25e3ca4954311ecb0469
