As a
 Data Scientist - Economist 
, you ll utilize advanced quantitative & statistical analysis techniques to drive business model innovation for Via, and work closely with our senior management to help drive decisions. 
 Responsibilities and Duties   
Adeptly interpret and utilize mass quantities of data to generate innovative hypotheses & insights, and present these insights to the different stakeholders 
Use sophisticated statistical and econometric methods to solve problems, leveraging up-to-date academic research and tools 
Quantitatively test hypotheses about customer and driver behavior using large sets of proprietary data; leverage results to increase conversion and retention at every touch point 
Design and implement novel experiments to better understand current operation as well as expansion to new markets  
 Qualifications   
PhD in a quantitative field of Economics or a related discipline. 
Obsessed with data; analytical and rigorous, with a thorough understanding of statistics and machine learning 
Extraordinary communicator with demonstrated writing and editing skills. 
Passionate about elegant visualization; you understand the importance of graphic techniques in communicating a quantitative idea effectively 
Deep understanding of business concepts within strategy, operations, and marketing 
Mastery in some or all of the following: SQL, Python, R.  
We're actively hiring and are always interested in hearing from exceptional candidates. We will be at the January 2020 AEA/ASSA conference in San Diego but will consider candidates for start dates as early as November 2019. 
At Via, we're on the cutting edge of mobility. We re building revolutionary technology that s changing the way people get around. It's on-demand transit on a mass scale, a smarter transportation that s friendly to our planet. From on-demand autonomous shuttles in Australia to dynamically routed bus fleets in the UK, our sophisticated operating system is powering transportation in the world s biggest cities and is sought after by prominent transportation players globally. We ve provided more than 60 million shared rides already, and we re growing at an astonishing rate. We have offices in more than 15 countries and deployments in more than 50 markets, with a goal of hundreds of deployments within the next two years. If you re someone who relishes wearing multiple hats, never backs down from a challenge, and loves getting things done, we d love to hear from you! 
Via offers above market compensation packages and benefits, including equity, health insurance, and relocation assistance. 
Via is an equal opportunity employer.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10261 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_824f8a04b7d652616a97cf9314a026af
