Puget Sound Energy is looking to grow our community with like-minded, top talented individuals like you! With our rapidly growing, award winning energy efficiency programs, our pathway to an exciting and innovative future is now.

PSE's IT Application Solutions team is looking for qualified candidates to fill an open Associate Data Scientist position!
Job Description
Puget Sound Energy is an electric and gas utility which provides homes and businesses throughout the Northwest. In order to meet and anticipate our customers’ needs, our Data Services team is expanding its team to include machine learning and data science technologies. In order to accomplish this we have an urgent need for an experienced Associate Data Scientist to work in our analytical Community of Practice, document internal standards, and to support our functional business areas.
Job Responsibilities
In addition to leading the development of our community, the Associate Data Scientist will be responsible for assisting with the design and development of an advanced analytical machine-learning-based software framework that can ingest, structure and model large amounts of data in different formats and from different sources, and is capable of learning, assisting and taking the initiative on various data modeling and analytical projects.

These efforts may include the development of:
Processes and data models that balance human judgment with machine intelligence
Machine learning models to classify content in documents
Proprietary document parsing and information extraction tools
Data models and queries to organize and offer insights for users to help them understand
Training models to guide other Community of Practice colleagues
Data quality, cleansing and preparation of large structured, semi-structured or unstructured datasets for other groups’ use
Standards and Best Practice development
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Industrial Engineering, Business Administration or equivalent hands-on experience.
General IT experience: 6+ years IT experience, including several years of systems development experience in the design and development of department-wide or enterprise-wide applications.
Detailed understanding and 5+ years programming languages (specialized technical requirements as shown in attachment) and strong knowledge of office applications (e.g. Microsoft Office).
Possesses full technical knowledge of phases of software development life cycle.
Experience with at least two full life cycle implementations of a new application or purchased application.
Extensive knowledge of multiple languages, i.e (specialized technical requirements as shown in attachment) environment, active business processes, business areas, as well as industry.
Knowledge of systems and/or business analysis design concepts. Demonstrated proficiency in the applied use of systems and process analysis tools. Full system life cycle experience, including development lifecycle methodologies.
Demonstrated understanding of Structured Query Language (SQL).
Ability to facilitate interactive design and functional specification sessions.
Highly developed interpersonal, written and verbal skills with an ability to express complex technical concepts in business terms. Excellent technical writing and system documentation skills.
Strong analytical problem-solving, and conceptual skills.
Demonstrated project management skills for moderate sized projects.
Must be a “team player” able to work with management in developing and implementing new processes and enabling systems. Able to work with end user groups to define application needs and identify feasible solutions.
Proactive, self-motivated with the ability to motivate others and a customer-focused service attitude.
Good organizational skills, with the ability to meet objectives and effectively multi-task.
Ability to work with multiple levels of the organization, both technical and non-technical.
Desired Qualifications
3 Years of hands-on data science experience
Experience using source control tools like Git or Subversion
Experience with developing analytical models within and across multiple data domains
Proficient analytical and math background
Demonstrated success in performing within a functional organizational environment
Innovative mindset-thinks beyond the status quo
Knowledge of OCR, Spark, Hadoop, H20 and/or cloud computing are preferred
Tools like workflow Sketch Agenda (SKs) sheets and examples of risk mitigation

Families and businesses depend on PSE to provide the energy they need to pursue their dreams. Our steadfast commitment to serving Washington communities with safe, dependable and efficient energy started in 1873. Today we're building the Northwest's energy future through efforts like our award winning energy efficiency programs and our leadership in renewable energy.

At PSE we value and respect our employees and provide them opportunities to excel. We offer an expansive pay package that includes competitive compensation, annual goals-based incentive bonuses, comprehensive benefits, 401(K), a company paid retirement pension plan, and an employee assistance and wellness program.

Puget Sound Energy is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified applicants. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, veteran status or presence of a disability that with or without reasonable accommodation does not prevent performance of the essential functions of the job. Should you have a disability that requires assistance and/or reasonable accommodation with the job application process, please contact the Human Resources Staffing department at jobs@pse.com or 425-462-3017.

Nearest Major Market: Seattle
Nearest Secondary Market: Bellevue
