Position Purpose: 
At HomeDepot.com, our award-winning e-Commerce team is blazing a trail of retail shopping innovation by leveraging cutting-edge technology with our 2,200+ store locations and a relentless focus on customer service. We have been named one of the world's most innovative companies and we are on a mission to provide the best interconnected shopping experience to our consumers. To do so, we need more dreamers, innovators and big thinkers passionate about re-imagining the future of retail. Interested in making history with us? If so, apply today to experience what its like to be a part of our HomeDepot.com team. Who knows? Your next big idea may just change the future of retail! 
The Data Scientist will develop best in class Conversational AI & Search Science products to support a wide range of use cases that drive better experiences for our customers. By partnering with business leaders and engineering teams, we will develop in-house Natural Language Understanding pipelines to support millions of our internal & external customers at scale. This positions primary focus is to better recognize customer intent via NLP/NLU/Machine Learning and provide high impact solutions to the business. 
Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities:  

50%-Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights  

20%-Establish scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development and model implementation  

20%-Present analysis and resulting recommendations to senior management; Leverage data to present a compelling business case to optimize investments and operations  

10%-Communicate and educate technical and non-technical employees on analytics and data-driven decision making   
Nature and Scope:  

This position reports to Director of Data Science, or Sr. Manager, Data Science  

This position has no direct reports   
Environment:  
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.  
Travel:  
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time.  
Minimum Qualifications:  

Must be eighteen years of age or older.  

Must be legally permitted to work in the United States.   
Education Required:  
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a master's degree program or equivalent degree in a field of study related to the job.  
Years of Relevant Work Experience: 0 years 
Physical Requirements:  
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.  
Additional Qualifications:  

Master's in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field (or BS/BA in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field and 5 years of data mining experience).  

Work experience with Hadoop, SAS, HBASE, Cassandra or other similar development platforms.  

Expert knowledge in large scale information retrieval and statistical analysis.   
Preferred Qualifications:  

2-3+ years of experience in Data Science / Natural Language Processing  

Previous work experience in Ecommerce, Conversational AI, or Search Science  

Experience with Deep Learning & Machine Learning  

Experience with Information Retrieval, Dialogue Systems, Coreference Resolution, NER, NLU and/or Knowledge Graph   
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:  

Ability to build scalable systems that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations  

Strong communication and data presentation skills  

Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques  

Flexible and responsive; able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic work environment and meet aggressive deadlines  

Ability to work with technical and non-technical team members   
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Atlanta, GA 30383 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_07e3efa78ef6d2046737d06c0bee4486
