Who You'll Work For   

 REEF Technology is the ecosystem that connects the world to your block. Each REEF hub is a thriving, connected ecosystem of businesses, cities and people, that enables and provides the delivery of products and services to more people than ever before. Each location offers a variety of services including micro-fulfillment centers, bike and scooter rental stations, electric vehicle charging, rideshare and autonomous vehicle buffering areas, community spaces for pop-up businesses, and more. 

 REEF Technology has reimagined the role of a parking facility. We are the largest network of parking lots in North America, believing these locations can do a lot more than just store your car. They serve as buffers for high density, high activity areas and, as such, alleviate congestion and the ensuing pollution. But, with the explosive growth of the sharing and on-demand economy, it is expected that the need for parking to solely store cars will be outgrown by other needs. 

 We are part of SoftBank, and its portfolio of leading companies transforming business and commerce at the cutting edge of technology in the world today 

 Are You? 
 A big data wrangler, someone who finds themselves caught at the crossroads of business and technology? If so, this position might just be for you! 

 What You'll Do  
 
 Analyze and integrate large relational and non-relational databases to extract insights and drive products   
 Develop machine learning models and AI solutions for multivariate time-series forecasting   
 Optimization and validation of the model performance   
 Collaborate with business and technology teams to understand the business and build advanced data and model platforms   
 Communicate results with internal and external stakeholders to achieve business objectives    

 What We Want From You  
 
 Degree in a quantitative field ( e.g. , Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Operations Research or other related fields)   
 Knowledge of multivariate statistics, regression, classification, modeling, decision theory, time-series analysis, hypothesis testing, machine-learning, and deep-learning tools   
 Ability to appropriately select and apply quantitative analysis techniques to answer complex questions   
 Proficiency in using Python, SQL, Hadoop, Spark for data extraction and analysis   
 Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn   
 Experience with machine learning libraries and packages such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, or Keras   
 Experience with Greenplum, Postgres, and MySQL   
 Experience with data visualization libraries such as Matplotlib, Plotly, or ggplot2   
 Proven to thrive in startup environments   
 Organized, detail oriented and capable of putting ideas into a tangible product    
 Desired but not Required  
 
 Working with public clouds ( e.g., AWS and/or Google cloud)   
 Hands-on work with graph databases   
 Database design    
 What We'll Provide 
 Medical
 Dental
 Vision
 401K
 Paid Time Off (PTO) 

  PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. 
 
 Frequently operate small office equipment such as a computer, calculator, and copier/printer   
 Will remain in seated position for extended periods of time    
 WORKING CONDITIONS:   

 Work is performed indoors for extended periods of time, including up to the entire duration of shift. 

 REEF KITCHEN is an equal opportunity employer, and we value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 

 #Dice 



Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Miami, FL 33222 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_d4f67daa0b2d023a15fb6d663f89d242
