Data Scientist - Creative Problem-Solving Data Scientist - Creative Problem-Solving - Skills Required -  Creative Problem-Solving, Data warehousing solutions, Statistical Analysis, Effective Collaboration, Data Mining, Python, Machine Learning, SQL, Hadoop, Matlab 
If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! 
 Top Reasons to Work with Us   

Leading global provider of data communications and interoperability solutions  

Company enables the secure delivery of billions of transactions over a private high-speed networks every day  

Telecommunications industry leader  

Cutting edge telecommunication products   
 What You Will Be Doing   

Developing data set processes for data modeling, mining and production  

Discovering predictive data models and decision trees  

Acquire and prepare data for analytics purposes and assist with the execution of those analyses  

Design, construct, install, test and maintain data management systems, SQL, NoSQL, and Big Data  

Research opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data  

Ensure data analytics systems meet business requirements and industry practices  

Build and assist with high-performance algorithms, prototypes, predictive models and proof of concepts  

Integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structures  

Employ a variety of languages and tools (e.g. scripting languages, R) to marry data and systems together  

Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality  

Collaborate with product architects, data architects, modelers and IT team members on project goals   
 What You Need for this Position  
More Than 5 Years of experience and knowledge of: 
Technical Skill Required: 
-SQL, Python 
-UNIX, Linux, Solaris and MS Windows 
-SQL-based technologies (e.g. PostgreSQL and MySQL) 
-Hadoop-based technologies (e.g. MapReduce, Hive) 
-NoSQL technologies (e.g. HBase, SoLR) 
-ERD Data modeling 
-Data warehousing solutions 
-Data mining 
-Statistical analysis and modeling 
-Database architectures 
Nice to Have: 
-Predictive modeling, NLP and text analysis 
-MatLab, SAS, 
-Machine Learning 
Must Have:  

10 years experience with data driven technology  

PhD in Data Science, will consider a Masters   
Business Skills Required: 
-Creative Problem-Solving: Approaching data organization challenges with a clear eye on what is important; employing the right approach/methods to make the maximum use of time and human resources. 
-Effective Collaboration: Carefully listening to management, data scientists and data architects to establish their needs. 
-Intellectual Curiosity: Exploring new territories and finding creative and unusual ways to solve data management problems. 
-Industry Knowledge: Understanding the way your chosen industry functions and how data can be collected, analyzed and utilized; maintaining flexibility in the face of big data developments. 
 What's In It for You   

Competitive base salary (DOE)  

Strong bonus structure  

Benefits  

Gas and Cell Allowance  

PTO & Sick Leave  

401(k) retirement plan  

And more...   
So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! 
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S. 
 CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer   
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 Your Right to Work    In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
 Data Scientist - Creative Problem-Solving  VA-Reston  JK10-1541495  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Reston, VA 22090 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_972d89f254f884a7f85621e278b62f2a
