We re BCG Digital Ventures. Adventure awaits you. 
We are an ever-growing global team of the world s most remarkable entrepreneurs, designers, engineers, venture architects, product experts and investors. Our ventures create a strategic advantage for the most important global companies. Alongside our corporate partner, BCG Digital Ventures is launching a stealth startup focused on developing technology to enhance day-to-day care of seniors with memory care diagnoses. This startup is bringing together a multi-disciplinary team of data scientists, product designers, engineers, user-centered designers, and memory care experts, to build cutting edge tech to address a growing market of over 50 million seniors with memory diagnoses worldwide. The Lead Data Scientist will be responsible for developing, executing, and overseeing the day-to-day management of the company s data science team focused on personalization. Additionally, alongside the product and engineering teams, you will have a role in shaping the product. This is a great opportunity to build something from the ground up. What you'll do:   
Demonstrate and communicate a passion for building the data foundation, products, and capabilities that drive business growth 
Build innovative data products (e. g., real-time services, such as personalization and commerce graphing using Big Data platforms with real-time data ingestion and processing) 
Execute descriptive analyses, ranging from identifying product opportunities to understanding user behavior 
Cultivate and nurture strong collaborative relationships with product, engineering, senior stakeholders 
Help recruit and build a team of data scientists 
Share your technical solutions and product ideas with the team through design review, pair programming, code reviews, and tech talks    Minimum Requirements:   
M. S. degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related areas 
5+ Years of experience building production-ready machine learning systems 
Background in deep learning and natural language processing 
Strong written, verbal, and interpersonal skills 
Strong understanding of Machine Learning, Data Science, and Deep Neural Networks 
Fluency with at least one of the modern distributed ML frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch 
One or more programming languages like Python, Java, R, C++, or Scala 
Good understanding of CS Fundamentals: (Algorithms, Data Structures, Graph Theory, etc.) 
Experience leading and managing a team of data scientists 
Delivering data science components that are part of successful commercial products 
Experience working with GPUs to develop models, Big Data and Fast Data (i. e., real time streaming) 
Knowledge of Linux-based OS and experience modelling on cloud platforms (AWS, Azure)    Additional desired competencies:   
Ph. D. in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related area 
At least 8 years of relevant Machine Learning work experience 
Experience with at least three of the following: Word2Vec, Attention-Based Seq2Seq Models, Deep Reinforcement Learning, Bayesian Machine Learning, Probabilistic Graphical Models, DSP, etc. 
Experience with distributed systems such as Hadoop/MapReduce, Spark, Kafka, etc. 
Familiarity with PostgreSQL, NoSQL, Redis, RabbitMQ 
Experience with speech processing, cloud-native architecture, GoLang, Kubernetes, Terraform   
To learn more, visit us at 

BCGDV. com 

. 
Interested applicants may apply through the careers section of the website athttps://www. bcgdv. com/. Interviews will take place after resumes have been screened for minimum requirements. Please note that this position is not restricted solely to the responsibilities listed above and that the job scope and responsibilities are subject to change. BCG Digital Ventures is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10261 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_7954df0d8acf4dbe84ddad15f063f663
