Job Description 
Data Scientist (all experience levels) 
New York, New York 
Our Client is seeking an experienced data scientist to join our Analytics practice and help advance our business intelligence capabilities. Successful candidates will work with analytics and product leadership to assure that the most relevant real-time and historical data is identified, tracked, analyzed, and made actionable across all of our games. 
RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Partner with analysts and live producers to identify strategic business questions, key metrics, and actionable insights. 
 Provide consumer-ready analysis to Analytics team leadership, live producers, product managers and partner groups. 
 Assure our clients  ongoing competitive advantage through best-in-class business and game data analysis. 
 Initiate and carry out analytic experiments aligned with long-term, strategic initiatives. 
 Combine great data analytics skills with strong business acumen to provide insights that will drive continued success. 
 Design, develop and deliver machine learning enabled solutions to address critical business or game questions. 
 Design and build validation tests to assess the efficiency of the model (or algorithm) in place and provide strategic insights to stakeholders. 
 Conduct proactive in-depth analysis and predictive modeling to uncover hidden opportunities. 
 Develop mechanisms to objectively measure the performance of initiatives and propose recommendations for improvement. 
 Develop frameworks, models, tools, and processes to ensure data influences decisions at all levels. 
 Work within a team of data analysts and engineers. 
 REQUIRED  
 3+ years in a data science or similar role in the marketing, finance, forensics or technology fields required. 
 Extensive knowledge of machine learning techniques such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Data Mining, Clustering, and Classification. 
 Proficiency in statistics such as distributions, predictive modeling, data validation, statistical testing, regression. 
 2+ years of experience in machine learning/ statistical languages and systems such as Python, Matlab, R, SAS. 
 Bachelor s degree in Computer Science or related field, with a strong quantitative background. 
 Ability to develop and maintain good relations and communicate with people at all hierarchical levels. 
 Strong problem-solving skills. 
 Ability to reconcile technical and business perspectives. 
 Autonomy and entrepreneurship. 
 Strong team spirit. 
 Passion for our client and its titles. 
 DESIRED  
 2+ years using SQL (or a SQL-like language) required, other programming experience highly preferred. 
 Experience with Vertica and Hadoop, an asset. 
 Graduate degree (MBA, MSc or Master s, PHD), an asset. 
 Game industry experience strongly desired. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10261 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_ecd697b98c7ef134c012b7078370cb0e
