Responsibilities: 
 Responsibilities:   
Working with a variety of both structured and unstructured data sources 
Producing novel and innovative research into anomaly detection, classification, discovery, and pattern-of-life from large cyber security data sets 
Working with developers to scale prototyped machine learning applications in distributed computing platforms such as Spark 
Communicating findings to a non-technical audience of decision makers 
Collaborating with an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, dev ops engineers, and subject matter experts   Qualifications 
 Required Qualifications:   
Master s Degree in a quantitative field (e. g., statistics, operations research, computer science, mathematics, physics, computational chemistry/biology, engineering, quantitative social sciences) and three (3) to five (5) years of experience or Bachelor's Degree with five (5) to seven (7) years of experience 
Programming experience in Python, Scala, Java or R 
Proficiency with query languages (SQL) 
Proven expertise in identifying supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms to apply to new types of data with actionable results 
Ability to produce fundamental research results and objectives with minimal technical supervision 
Excellent oral and written communication skills  
 Preferred Qualifications:   
Degree in a quantitative field (see above) 
Experience creating proof-of-concept visualizations to convey results to non-technical audiences (e. g., Tableau, D3, Matplotlib, R GGplot) 
Experience with distributed computing (e. g., Map-Reduce, Spark, and other technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem) 
Experience applying machine learning algorithms to large (TB/PB scale) data sets 
Experience with deep learning architectures and frameworks (e. g., Caffe, TensorFlow, Keras)   Clearance 
 Clearance: 
 Position requires a Top Secret security clearance, based on current background investigation (SBI), as well as the favorable completion of polygraph.  Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U. S. Government. 
 Interested in this position?  
Please click Submit your resume, on the right. 
 Recruiting Point of Contact:  
ext. john. schumacher@keywcorp. com  KeyW EEO Statement Employment decisions at the Company will be based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of. (1) race, (2) religion, (3) creed, (4) color, (5) national origin, (6) ancestry, (7) sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or medical conditions related to pregnancy, childbirth, or breastfeeding), (8) age, (9) medical condition, (10) marital or domestic partner status, (11) sexual orientation, (12) gender, (13) gender identity, (14) gender expression and transgender status, (15) mental disability or physical disability, (16) genetic information, (17) military or veteran status, (18) citizenship, (19) low-income status, or (20) any other status or characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. About the Organization 
KeyW is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Jacobs. 
 About Jacobs  
Jacobs leads the global professional services sector delivering solutions for a more connected, sustainable world. With approximately $12 billion in revenue and a talent force of more than 50,000, Jacobs provides a full spectrum of services including scientific, technical, professional and construction- and program-management for business, industrial, commercial, government and infrastructure sectors. For more information, visit www. jacobs. com, and connect with Jacobs on LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Herndon, VA 22070 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_5537ed3fc48a356f743f516eaa2942c5
