below for your reference: Job Title : Data Scientist, Analytics Location : Sunnyvale, CA Duration Period : Full Time Role Description As a Data Scientist, Analytics you’ll help us build and maintain the data sets that power the machine learning models behind the Conversation Kit platform. You’ll partner directly with our stakeholders and perform data analysis to identify the problems they are trying to solve, then build/improve the raw data that is fed into our downstream models for that problem space. This will involve feeding the data into our models, evaluating the results, and iterating until the optimal data set is found. You will also partner directly with stakeholders to identify key performance metrics related to both model performance and overall customer experience, and present your findings through presentations, visualizations, and dashboards. Lastly, you will become an expert at our internal tools for data review, maintenance, and creation. The ideal candidate will be able to leverage this expertise to partner with ML engineers on improving these tools or building new ones. Key Responsibilities Data onboarding for new and existing stakeholders: acquire data from different data sources including database, logs, and personal generation for our ML models. Continuously improve the quality and accessibility of data. Become a domain expert across support areas and conduct data analysis to help improve customer experiences and identify growth opportunities. Troubleshoot data issues reported from customers and internal teams. Present findings and recommendations to business and non-technical stakeholders. Work with internal team and business partners to develop analytics for uncovering insights from data. Identify metrics and develop dashboards according to stakeholder needs and internal requirements. Basic Requirements Graduated or will be graduating with a BA/BS degree, or equivalent practical experience. You are curious and inquisitive: love digging into data and uncovering insights. You are a highly motivated, results-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance. Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau. Experience gathering data from various sources with queries (e.g. SQL, Splunk) Experience in a client-facing role using data visualizations to represent analyses to stakeholders. Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams. Bonus Requirements Experience with a statistical programming language (e.g. R, Python) is a plus. Familiar with data science and machine learning techniques to improve product experiences. Thanks & Regards, Sandeep Kaur Associate Technical Recruiter Senryo Technologies 387 Shuman Blvd. Suite 208E Naperville, IL 60563 630-509-0557
