Data Scientist 
Farmington Hills 
Finance 
Full-time 
Apply for this job 
The Data Scientist at Mango Languages is responsible for ensuring the efficient flow of information and technology to various departments and stakeholders. By properly implementing systems and automating processes, this individual will take on the responsibility for data integrity at the company.  In this role, you will determine the correct data sets and variables, collect large sets of structured and unstructured data from disparate sources, and identify the data-analytics problems that offer the greatest opportunities to the organization. Cleaning and validating the data to ensure accuracy, completeness, and uniformity as well as interpreting the data to discover solutions and opportunities are essential to this role.  While accessing and aggregating data from various systems, youll be continually identifying opportunities to improve efficiency. The Data Scientist provides intelligent data and reports to the various company departments in order to understand and address business challenges.  
Here at Mango, our purpose is simple but powerful: Our work is devoted to enriching as many lives as possible with language and culture. When you work here, every day is an adventure  are you up for the challenge? We cant wait to hear from you. 
Responsibilities  

Analyze data and determine how it can be applied to improve the product and/or business decisions.  

Search for patterns in data that can provide solutions to business problems or create new business opportunities.  

Set-up processes for collecting vast amounts of data.  

Use technical skills to conduct experiments and analyze trends in collected data.  

Guide data science strategy for the organization.  

Implement and automate processes.   

Advise various teams in the application of information and best practices.   

Access data and integrate data into company systems.     

Strategically generate KPIs and automate tracking.  

Partner with various teams to identify key information gaps and respective data needs.  

Identify, document, and maintain data sources for high-quality market intelligence.  

Determine, implement, and evaluate business metrics.  

Demonstrate up-to-date expertise in information systems.   

Clearly and effectively communicate findings to company leaders.  

Ensure data integrity.   
Job Requirements  

5+ years experience working on large-scale projects, as well as handling day-to-day operational requests  

Experience working with statistical/analysis tools   

Ability to multitask effectively  

Excellent team-building and communication skills  

Proficient in architecting data warehouses with technologies such as SQL, Redshift  

Experience with technologies such as Hadoop, Pandas, Julia, R, Python, etc.  

Management experience  

Experience building analytics platforms    
Key Characteristics  

Detail-oriented  

Technical understanding  

Clear and effective communicator  

Proactive  

Demonstrates integrity  

Transparent communication skills  

Positive mindset   
On a mission to inspire curious people to forge deeper connections and meaningful interactions, Mango is the only award-winning, adaptive language-learning system powered by proven methodologies and presents learning content designed to establish retention and rapidly build conversation skills. Available on mobile, tablet, and web-based platforms to public library patrons, students, corporate executives, government officials, and language learners of all ages. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Farmington Hills, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_9fa6fc29f46196ee8ed449ae6a4b0a3d
