Category

Finance and Accounting

Job Location

Arlington, VA

Tracking Code

FPI 3166-585

Position Type

Full-Time/Regular

CALIBRE is looking for an experienced professional to join a team responsible for modernizing Army analytics processes. The ideal candidate should be able to provide input on how to create new sources of data-driven innovation through technology and analytics that would add value for our customers. They will explore new ways to analyze data using statistical methods, machine learning and predictive models.

Candidate must be passionate about helping others solve problems, gain insights, and make decisions using data. They will display deep technical knowledge and be able to communicate it to a wide-ranging audience.

Required Skills

Must have or be able to obtain and maintain a DoD Secret security clearance.

US Citizenship, required.

Strong qualitative and quantitative analysis skills

Must be a lifelong learner, willing to share and grow the knowledge of those around them

Experience with predictive modeling

Experience with data visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau, or Microsoft BI (Qlik preferred)

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Required Experience

BS/BA in related degree such as Data/Business Analytics, Operations Research, Economics, Engineering, Mathematics, Business Management, etc. MS preferred. (Other education, commensurate experience and demonstrated ability of individual may be substituted)

Minimum of 5 years professional work experience providing data analytics services.

Preferred Experience or Knowledge:

Experience with Process Improvement/ Lean /Six Sigma/ Business Process Management/ BPR.

Experience in budgeting or cost-analysis.

Knowledge and understanding of the Army’s PPBE process.

Experience with R programming.

Experience using SQL.

Experience with Army Acquisition costing.

CDFM, CCEA, DAWIA or other relevant certification preferred.

Experience with Army Logistics.

Experience with and understanding of Army enterprise data.

CALIBRE and it's subsidiaries are an Equal Opportunity Employer and supports transitioning service members, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We offer a competitive salary and full benefits package. To be considered, please apply via our website at www.calibresys.com . Come join our dynamic team. #CALIBRECareers #SPEARCareers
