Description  
SAIC is seeking aData Scientist Principal. 
Duties Include:  

DevelopAssurance knowledge bases and content that support development of trainingcourses and campaigns promoting awareness across the enterprise.  

Assist in assessing,documenting, and tracking new program requirements and follow-on technicalexchange meetings (TEMs).  

Plan andcoordinate program activities such as Program Reviews and Control GateReviews including scheduling of meetings and preparation of briefings/presentations  

Performfoundational planning, policy, and business functions to enable GAstrategies to be successfully implemented.  

Serve asSMEs for orchestration and integration of capabilities supporting GAinvestments, for both GA managed and GA-endorsed capabilities.   
 Qualifications   

10years experience and Bachelor of Science degree or higher in statistics,mathematics, image science, remote sensing, earth science, physical science orrelated technical or scientific field  

Engagewith existing and emerging data domain communities to assure GEOINTend-to-end, supply-chain integrity and trust. Examples of emerging datasources include tailored social media and open source feeds, Internet ofThings / IoT, Space/SOSI, CSOC and CERT alerts, darkweb threat reports,AI/ML training-data, etc.  

Establishmetadata tag standards supporting Assurance goals.  

Assist inassessing, documenting, and tracking new program requirements andfollow-on technical exchange meetings (TEMs).  

Selecttechniques and methods to conduct data mining and retrieval, and applystatistical and mathematical analyses to identify trends, solve analyticalproblems, optimize performance, and gather intelligence to accomplish moderatelycomplex assignments.  

Visualizeinformation using an intermediate knowledge of a moderate range of toolsdevelop scripts and algorithms for current and future applications,working with Big Data Visualization Specialist(s).  

Clearance: TS/SCI w/ CI Poly   
 Desired Qualifications  
REQNUMBER: 198318 
SAIC is a premier technology integrator, solving our nations most complex modernization and systems engineering challenges across the defense, space, federal civilian, and intelligence markets. Our robust portfolio of offerings includes high-end solutions in systems engineering and integration; enterprise IT, including cloud services; cyber; software; advanced analytics and simulation; and training. We are a team of 23,000 strong driven by mission, united purpose, and inspired by opportunity. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $6.5 billion. For more information, visit saic.com. For information on the benefits SAIC offers, see Working at SAIC. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Arnold, MO 63010 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_a466d3a25517cb5143220f607a0cc13a
