Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Computer Science, or Economics

5+ years' of experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python, R), or statistical/mathematical software (e.g. R, SAS, Matlab, etc.)

2+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and communication

A natural curiosity and desire to learn

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to effectively advocate technical solutions to research scientists, engineering teams, and business audiences

How can we help Amazonians make more informed decisions about talent? How can we ensure our talent strategy and guidance is optimized for long-term value? How can we architect insights and systems to anticipate business talent demand and proactively identify and develop talent to fill these future needs? How do we effectively leverage econometrics, predictive algorithms, machine learning, UX design, and world-class product development to answer these critical questions? These are among the most important challenges at Amazon today.

We are looking for a world-class data scientist who wants to help us define the future of talent evaluation, development, and management at Amazon. You will leverage data, experimental design, machine learning, econometrics, and predictive analytics to help define new ways to evaluate, visualize, predict, and understand talent outcomes and decisions like hiring, promotions, and transfers. After you have developed peer-reviewed scientific solutions to these unique problems, you will partner with economists, data scientists, software engineers, data engineers, applied scientists, product managers, and UX designers to deliver your solution to tens of thousands of internal customers through world-class product experiences. This is an opportunity to fundamentally redefine talent management for one of the largest and most complex workforces in the world.

If you have an entrepreneurial spirit, are passionate about helping those around you reach their fullest human potential, know how to deliver, and view technology as a way to disrupt and reimagine talent management processes, we want to talk to you.

Amazon is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer – Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation

Demonstrable track record of dealing well with ambiguity, prioritizing needs, and delivering results in a dynamic environment

Experience with data visualization and presentation, turning complex analysis into insight

Experience collaborating with software development teams, data scientists, business intelligence or other technical roles

Experience with AWS features (S3, Redshift, Sagemaker)
