POSITION PURPOSE 
The Sr. Data Scientist will lead a team to develop the analytical infrastructure and computational capabilities that drive decision making and maximize the organizations profitability. By partnering with business leaders and software engineers to leverage company and industry data, the data scientist will develop predictive systems and algorithms for identifying trends and providing business solutions. The Sr. Data Scientist is an integral part of the Pricing Team. The data scientists team's primary focus is driving data analytics and predictive modeling on large datasets to extract meaningful business information using statistics and machine learning techniques. 
MAJOR TASKS, RESPONSIBILITES AND KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 
25% Design and develop algorithms and models to use against large datasets to create business insights. 
25% Provide direction on prioritization of work, ensure quality of work outputs, and develop the competencies of direct reports. 
20% Establishing scalable, efficient processes for large scale data analyses, model development and model implementation 
20% Solve problems creatively with strategic insights. Leverage data to present a compelling business case to optimize price points. 
10% Remain knowledgeable on advancements in data science and machine learning. Identify opportunities to apply learnings. 
NATURE AND SCOPE 
Position reports to Director Engineering BL Lab 
Number of direct reports = 1 
ENVIRONMENTAL JOB REQUIREMENTS 
Environment: 
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable. 
Travel: 
Typically requires overnight travel less than 10% of the time. 
Additional Environmental Job Requirements: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
Must be eighteen years of age or older. 
Must be legally permitted to work in the United States. 
Education Required: 
The knowledge, skills and abilities typically acquired through the completion of a PhD program in a field of study related to the job. 
Years of Relevant Work Experience: 6 years 
Physical Requirements: 
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles. 
Additional Qualifications: 
PhD in Computer Science, Math or related quantitative field. 
Expert knowledge in manipulating massive datasets, statistical analysis and predictive modeling. 
Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience in data mining, data analysis and predictive modeling 
Previous work experience in business intelligence and data analytics 
Proven experience utilizing statistical techniques to identify key insights from data to solve business problems 
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies:Ability to build scalable systems that analyze huge data sets and make actionable recommendations 
Strong communication and data presentation skills 
Ability to quickly adapt to new technologies, tools and techniques 
Flexible and responsive; able to perform in a fast paced, dynamic, decision making environment and meet aggressive timelines We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_d07325e1bb19530cd5a6d334cd6f9e7f
