Working at ICF  
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www. icf. com/careers to find your next career. ICF together for tomorrow. 
Come support Department of Homeland Security (DHS) in protecting the integrity of our immigration system and combating criminal threats facing the nation by leveraging cutting edge data analytics tools and techniques. 
Apply your skills and expertise in increasing DHS's mission effectiveness and thereby make our nation safer and stronger.  We re looking for a candidate with strong data engineering, statistics, machine learning, and predictive modeling skills to join our team. In addition, you ll perform data analyses summarizing trends and modeling impacts for both internal and external clients. 
What you ll be doing:  
Design and develop statistical analyses, visualize the output of statistical models, present and interpret the output of predictive models, and perform quality assurance tasks on model code and output. 
Identify important and interesting questions about large datasets, then translate those questions into concrete analytical tasks. 
Build quantitative models with data, and communicate the results of those models to stakeholders 
Help conceptualize, as well as perform, data analyses to summarize trends 
Develop and execute database queries that in turn support developing/formatting modeling inputs  
 Basic Qualifications:   
Must be a US Citizen 
Bachelor s degree in a technical field: Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline 
2+ years  experience with modeling and quantitative analysis using standard statistical software such as R, Python, SAS 
Strong familiarity with raw data preparation (structured, unstructured, and mixed datasets), exploratory data analysis, processing, classification, and prediction. 
Experience working with and exploiting big data, distributed computing, predictive modeling, mathematics, statistics. 
Knowledge of data mining and machine learning algorithms, theories, principles and practices. - 2+ years  experience in SQL and procedural programming  
 Preferred Skills/Experience:   
Ability to obtain a security clearance 
Experience with Deep Learning capabilities 
Experience with data warehouse design and development as well as data modeling for both relational and dimensional data models 
Experience in reporting, story-telling and data visualization technologies such as Tableau, Shiny, Bokeh 
Demonstrated experience showing strong critical thinking and problem solving skills paired with a desire to take initiative  
 Professional Skills:   
Excellent listening, written, and oral communication skills paired with an excellent sense of humor 
Ability to exercise independent judgment while effectively prioritizing and executing tasks while under pressure 
Team player with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment ICF offers an excellent benefits package, an award-winning talent development program, and fosters a highly skilled, energized and empowered workforce.  
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE   Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity) 
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please emailicfcareercenter@icf. comand we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination:EEO is the lawandPay Transparency Statement. 
Washington Client Office (WA88) 
Virginia Client Office (VA88) 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Arlington, VA 22201 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_73b27fac67ed862434855b011c0e5abd
