Description 
The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 leverages large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. 
Responsibilities 
The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 collaborates with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. Researches and evaluates new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. Develops and validates statistical forecasting models or predictive models and tools. Interprets and communicates analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. 
Required Qualifications    Bachelor's Degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field    Experience leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights    Experience developing and validating statistical forecasting models or predictive models     Experience interpreting and communicating analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners     Clear oral and written communication skills    Flexible, dynamic personality who is able to work independently in a team environment 
Preferred Qualifications    Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field    Healthcare or managed care experience    Demonstrated experience with SAS, QlikView, SQL, PL/SQL, MATLAB, DataRobot, Python or similar statistical tools    Knowledge of NLP (Natural Language Processing), RegEx (Regular Expression), RPA (Robotic Process Automation), and/or DataRobot.    Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics 
Additional InformationInterview Format As part of our hiring process for this opportunity, we will be using an exciting interviewing technology called Montage Voice to enhance our hiring and decision-making ability. Montage Voice allows us to quickly connect and gain valuable information from you pertaining to your relevant skills and experience at a time that is best for your schedule. If you are selected for a first round interview, you will receive an email correspondence (please be sure to check your spam or junk folders often to ensure communication isnt missed) inviting you to participate in a Montage Voice interview. In this interview, you will listen to a set of interview questions over your phone and you will provide recorded responses to each question. You should anticipate this interview to take about 15 to 30 minutes. Your recorded interview will be reviewed and you will subsequently be informed if you will be moving forward to next round of interviews.  
Scheduled Weekly Hours 
40 
About Us 
Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and thats why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first.  
Equal Opportunity Employer 
It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. 
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox tas recruit@humana.com for assistance. 
Humana Safety and Security 
Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact  mailbox tas recruit@humana.com to validate the request. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Naples, FL 33939 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_997faff97b6dd5dbe24637f676af7e4e
