THE COMPANY 
B-Stock is the world s largest online marketplace for returned, excess, and other liquidation merchandise. Our customers range from SMB to the world s largest brands and retailers (including nine of the top 10 U. S. retailers). Led by eBay veterans, B-Stock completes over 150,000 transactions per year, selling 70 million items annually, making us a clear leader in the space. 
The amount of inventory that is returned or unsold each year is growing very rapidly; in 2018, the value of this merchandise was estimated at $500 billion. Much of it ends up being liquidated for pennies on the dollar; some of it is even destroyed or landfilled. We believe there is tremendous value in and demand for this inventory - no matter the category, condition, or location. The B-Stock platform gives buyers a simple and direct way to buy valuable products, and offers sellers a trusted replacement for traditional liquidation and a critical boost in operational efficiency. 
Backed by top investors including Spectrum Equity, True Ventures, and Susquehanna Growth Equity, B-Stock runs lean, fast, and shows no signs of slowing down. Our core values (teamwork, honesty, humor, and the passion to build something great) have shaped the company we are today and will certainly drive our success for many years to come. 
For more information, visit www. bstock. com/careers/  JOB SUMMARY 
B-Stock Solutions is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join our team at B-Stock Solutions. Someone who is passionate about data, analytics, and business strategy. You will help the team learn more about our business, teach others in the company about analytics, and improve the use of our data.  MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS, JOB SKILLS, AND ABILITIES  
Strong computer science fundamentals in algorithms and data structures. 
Strong foundations in artificial intelligence, with breadth of understanding recent advancements in literature. 
Excellent communication, analytical and problem solving skills. 
Excellent proficiency in Java or Python; Big Data - Hadoop, Hive,
Spark 
Master s or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, or related fields; MS + 3 years, PhD, or 5 years of work experience in a similar role 
Ability to navigate and work through ambiguity   PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS, JOB SKILLS, AND ABILITIES  
Strong development skills around building scalable low latency web-services 
Experience with TensorFlow or PyTorch 
Proven experience building applications using neural networks   OUR VALUES 
 Be honest. 
 We do the right thing because it s right. 
 Have passion for building something great. 
We empower employees to  think like an owner  so we dare to try. Let s find new ways to grow B-Stock together. 
 Humor. 
Take whatever you are doing very seriously but do not take yourself too seriously. 
 Teamwork. 
 Our successes are achieved because we work in stride, leveraging each other s strengths as a unified effort. 
 Respect. 
We show consideration for each other and recognize the power in our diversity.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS  

Competitive compensation packages including bonus and options  

Medical, dental, and vision benefits  

Paid Time Off, telecommuting and flexible schedule options  

Support for continuing education  

Team off-sites, social events and extracurricular activities are a staple  

Snacks, drinks, and the occasional box of donuts   
No applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination/harassment based on  protected categories,  B-Stock also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e. g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at B-Stock. 
US Work Authorization required. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Belmont, CA 94002 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_7ee2a4305e24490cc6e283982523b16d
