Position Summary: Our client is hiring a Senior Data Scientist in Bellevue, Washington to help build, scale, and improve data models to drive key features and deliver critical insights across our food, home, and lifestyle products. The Senior Data Scientist will be an experienced scientist and leader on the Data Science and Analytics team. They will help advise and create a scalable data models using various modeling or machine learning techniques to support our direct-to-consumer products and apps. This role will own data modeling solutions that drive specific product features and drive insights in support of our consumer products across mobile, tablets, web, connected TV, voice, and emerging technologies. They will use big data platforms and statistical, econometric, and/or machine learning techniques to enable product capabilities and features beyond what is feasible using heuristics or curation. This senior scientist will ensure the ongoing performance of reliable and ever-improving data models using modern modeling technologies. An ideal candidate will be a driven, passionate advocate for using data science to produce great experiences for our customers. This person will make data-driven decisions, have an insatiable curiosity, love to invent and innovate to solve difficult problems, and obsess about their customers. They will have a strong point of view but remain open-minded should evidence lead elsewhere. They are a senior member of the team whom others enjoy working with because they are reliable, innovative, and care for their team members. They build trust with people from all areas of the business and have a proven track record. This senior scientist takes end-to-end ownership of their work and consistently delivers results in a fast-paced environment. When their models fail to perform at first, they persist, learn, and iterate to deliver ever improving data models and solutions. Responsibilities: Partner with product, marketing, engineering, and analytics stakeholders to understand and prioritize where we can leverage data science and modeling to support key business goals and processes. Determine the best modeling approach to solve various problems - finding solutions that effectively balance performance, simplicity, and scalability. Work with engineering and analytics teams to identify scalable, accessible data sources for modeling. Design, build, maintain, and improve data models to deliver customer, product, and marketing features and insights. Ensure data models are production ready and perform to sufficiently support real-time product usage. Prepare redundant and scalable data models that efficiently use resources and elegantly handle disruptions. Ensure data integrity and accuracy across all model inputs. Partner with other data science teams to share best practices and insights to support ongoing learning. Make data science techniques approachable and understandable to non-data scientists. Support the hiring and development of other data scientists, analysts, and other technical professionals, helping them enhance their skills, while supporting a fun and engaging culture. Requirements: Minimum of 7+ years of proven technical experience in data science and modeling. Experience with statistical programming languages, such as Python or R is required. Experience in structuring, cleansing, and preparing large, complex datasets for modeling. Experience with SQL and other data querying techniques. Experience with Apache Spark and Hadoop is preferred. Experience with Amazon Web Services (Redshift, S3, EC2, EMR, etc.) is preferred. Demonstrated ability to work across product, engineering, and analytics teams to evaluate new ideas, discuss technical concepts, create scalable designs, implement new models, and make tradeoffs to remove roadblocks. Demonstrated ability to iterate and improve models both prior to and after they are implemented in production. Strong written and verbal communication skills. Can communicate the results of your work clearly to your audience. Master's in quantitative or technical field (statistics, mathematics, computer sciences, etc.) is a required. PhD in quantitative or technical field (statistics, mathematics, computer sciences, etc.) is a plus.
