Recently named Best Place to Work by MM&M, The Holmes Report, PR News, PRWeek, and AdAge, W2O is an integrated marketing and communications firm powered by analytics and specializing in healthcare.
We re looking for entry level and senior level data scientists to join our Data Science team. Applicants should be smart, curious, and interested in finding data-driven, evidence-based answers to hard problems. You will work side-by-side with our team of data scientists, account staff, and analysts to find creative solutions to the hardest business problems from some of the biggest brands in the world like Intel, Red Bull, and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company. 
Our data sciences team splits its time between creating the best products in the marketplace; building and maintaining our data and tools platforms; and working directly with analysts to make sure every project is putting the best data, the smartest algorithms, and the most efficient processes to work for our clients. The data sciences team members collaborate on a variety of projects and have a diversity of technical talent including statistics, machine learning, information systems, and engineering. We work on a wide range of infrastructure, ranging from python notebooks to cloud computing.  Priority will be given for staffing positions in Austin, Texas; Philadelphia, PA; and New Hope, PA. 
 Responsibilities   
Partner with analytics team to deliver data-driven answers to clients  complex business questions 
Collaborate and communicate effectively with stakeholders from teams in data sciences, analytics, account managers, and creative 
Compose the right research plan for the project 
Assist in executing the plan by pulling data, applying algorithms, etc. 
Craft the narrative to explain the results to internal and client stakeholders   
Develop new models, algorithms, and data sets to answer clients  business questions better 
Discover new patterns in available data 
Develop prototypes of new products and solutions 
Assemble new data sets   
Support the software team in growing and maintaining data and tools platform 
Mentor analysts and other staff to use platform most effectively 
Drive integration of new data, algorithms, and prototypes into the tools    
 Requirements, Skills & Experience   
A Bachelors, Masters or Doctoral degree in Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Engineering, Statistics, Machine Learning, or Natural Sciences 
A naturally curious disposition 
A knack for explaining complex concepts in simple terms 
A proven ability to design research methodologies to answer questions with data 
Experience using Python, R, Java, or  big data  tools (like Hive, Pig, Spark, etc.) to perform research methodologies on data 
Experience interpreting structured and unstructured experimental results data 
Project experience in machine learning, computational linguistics, data modeling, data collection, or knowledge engineering  
 Nice to have   
Experience building statistical or machine learning models a plus 
Experience with data engineering, data architecture, or data transformation pipelines a plus 
Experience using cloud infrastructure   especially AWS   to perform analysis a plus 
Experience using cloud infrastructure   especially AWS   to deliver software to users a plus 
Exposure to software development practices   especially Agile   a plus 
Exposure to devops practices   especially CI/CD   a plus 
Bonus for any experience in marketing, comms, or healthcare 
Bonus for any interdisciplinary experience in studies, projects, or research  
W2O Group offers a comprehensive benefit program and perks, including unlimited and flexible PTO, expanded paid leave for new parents and a 4th Trimester program that helps new parents transition back to work, and a five-week sabbatical program.  Other perks include Income Protection, Retirement plans/401(k) match, and cell phone savings plans.  Learn more about our great benefits and perks at: http://www. w2ogroup. com/ 
W2O Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We foster an environment that embraces diversity. We are stronger with a wider range of opinions, strengths, and backgrounds to achieve our goals.  

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_1680883b1542e5d41f2588a9ddbcaa26
