Job #: 995698 Sr. Data Scientist Costa Mesa, CA Contract to Hire Medical Industry experience required Must Have: Medical Imaging experience (xray, mri OR computer imaging for autonomous parts) Tensorflow CV computer vision Responsibilities: Serve as the technical lead in the design and build of systems (20%) Lead infrastructure and/or systems evaluation testing/proof of concepts (15%) Lead reliability, availability, scalability and performance initiatives (15%) Interface with members of the business and lead technical business requirements gathering sessions 10% Work with vendors to evaluate and recommend new product and/or service offerings, and serve as a technical lead on implementation. (10%) Serve as a mentor and trainer to more junior staff members (10%) Serve as the technical lead in administration and operations of systems (5%) Author device, network and/or systems diagrams, including configuration parameters (5%) Lead maintenance and upgrade activities on IT infrastructure and/or applications (5%) Provide support and troubleshooting of issues/incidents (5%) Technical Qualifications: Sufficient background to understand academic literature related to deep learning and implement described models in keras and tensorflow 5+ use of python for data manipulation and analytics Strong SQL knowledge and skills Experience in health care a strong plus Must have a B.S. degree or higher. M.S. or PhD preferred Other Qualifications: Expertise troubleshooting data quality issues, performance bottlenecks and data pipeline dependencies Ability to communicate in a highly collaborative team environment consisting of technical (engineers/developers) and non-technical personnel (project managers/business leaders) Excellent understanding of troubleshooting techniques with ability to adapt and learn new technologies Education: Must have a B.S. degree or higher. M.S. or PhD preferred If interested, please send your resume to Schuyler Harris sharris@apexsystems.com 949-623-0003 EEO EmployerApex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178-6178.
