Job Description: Description The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 leverages large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. Responsibilities Humanas Data Health and Analytics Team, in our new Boston, Massachusettss office, is seeking a Cognitive/Machine Learning Data Scientist. This position collaborates with analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. Researches and evaluates new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. Develops and validates statistical forecasting models and tools. Interprets and communicates analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. First year success factors:  Develop machine learning, AI, and Deep Learning solutions to support our key business partners within the Retail and Employer Group Segments.  The solutions developed will provide measureable value to our key business partners in the form of increase in efficiency (time and computationally), improved member experience, and return on investment.  You are recognized as a team member who helps drive results for both the Enterprise Data and Analytics organization as well as our segment partners.  You have developed effective partnerships with internal business partners and coworkers. Required Qualifications Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field Working experience R or Python 3 years of professional experience leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights Experience developing and validating statistical forecasting models and tools Experience interpreting and communicating analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers Clear oral and written communication skills Flexible, dynamic personality who is able to work independently in a team environment Preferred Qualifications Healthcare ormanaged care experience Demonstrated experience with SAS, QlikView, SQL, PL/SQL, MATLAB or similar statistical tools Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics Scheduled Weekly Hours 40

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Suffolk County 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3625_59166763
