Are you ready to leverage your security clearance, knowledge and technical experience in a new role? 

Adversaries, cybercriminals and cyber terrorists, are working every hour of every day to develop new means to compromise networks, to seize valuable intellectual property and personal data, and to gain an advantage on the digital battlefield. At Northrop Grumman, our mission is to see to it that they fail. Speed, stealth and precision  keys to controlling the physical domains of land, sea, air and space  are imperatives in controlling the cyber domain. Our talented employees make advances every day based on these imperatives and are committed to providing the most advanced protection for our customers against the rapidly evolving cyber threat spectrum. Our company is trusted with securing some of the most high-risk systems and continues to be the trusted provider of mission-enabled solutions for the security or our nation and allies. This is without a doubt one of the most exciting times to join our team. So come join us and experience the value of performance. 

Northrop Grumman Mission Systems is seeking multiple Data Scientists to support fast-paced cutting edge programs ensuring national security and defense. The positions are located in the Annapolis Junction, MD greater area. 

This position represents immediate opportunities across multiple programs. Though each program has specific labor categories which must be met prior to placement, all candidates must minimally meet the knowledge, skills and abilities listed below.   
 
 NGCIMSMD 
  
 
 Basic Qualifications: 
 
Bachelor's Degree in related technical discipline (including but not limited to computer science, data science, information systems, science, engineering, math, economics, or aerospace) from an accredited college or university is required. Four (4) years of additional systems engineering/architecture experience on projects with similar software processes may be substituted for a bachelor's degree. 

 2+ years of Experience with data analysis and applications, that address a business issue or provide a competitive advantage for an organization. (2 Years with Bachelors in Science; 0 Years with Masters) 
 Familiarity with creating data mining architectures/models/protocols, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. 
 Statistical or data visualization skills. 
 US Citizen with Active TS/SCI w/Polygraph clearance 

 Preferred Qualifications : 

 Bachelor's degree in a STEM discipline (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Math) along with 2 or more years of data science experience. 
 Knowledge of statistical datasets and implementation techniques and tools for the most efficient metrics, including present and future capacity requirements. 
 Experience with Tableau, SAS, Apache Spark, BigML, D3, MATLAB, or other data science tools. 
 Experience taking big data and turning it into metrics or prediction information for decision making. 
 Strong statistical and data visualization skills. 

Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Annapolis Junction, MD 20701 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19026631
