Responsibilities In this role, you'll build and implement novel machine learning and deep learning algorithms to combat fraud and help scale the risk we take on. Responsibilities Understand the fraud and risk processes inherent in our product and how to minimize the same. Creatively leverage new and existing data to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of our decision-making infrastructure Work with engineers to design machine learning solutions that operate quickly and effectively at scale Partner with operatives to quickly respond to rapidly evolving threats Make business recommendations to the executive and cross-functional teams (e.g. cost-benefit, forecasting, experiment analysis) with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information Help build the next generation of data products at Chime Requirements 4+ years industry experience developing machine learning models at scale from inception to business impact. Leadership opportunities also available Risk, fraud detection experience preferred but not a requirement. You've earned a: (a) Ph.D. in Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization, Physics, or related field, with experience building production-ready ML models and systems; or (b) MS in CS or related field with 3+ years of experience in implementing and deploying large scale ML solutions Deep understanding of and experience of modern machine learning techniques such as classification, recommendation systems, and other shallow learning techniques, data analytics, and statistical models Deep experience with ML/DL toolkits: Tensorflow, scikit-learn, XGBoost, Numpy, Scipy, Pytorch. SparkML. Strong programming skills - Python preferred (though open to R for candidates with deep Risk/Fraud background). And intermediate to advanced knowledge of SQL and ability to wrangle data from many disparate data sources Experience developing and deploying machine learning and/or deep learning solutions into a production environment Ability to build tools to monitor the performance of models in production and ability to differentiate the The versatility to communicate clearly with both technical and non-technical audience Demonstrated leadership and self-direction and willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques Deep learning experience preferred but not a requirement Technologies we use: MySQL, R, PHP, Python, AWS, Snowflake, and Looker, among many others.
