We are: People who use data to solve hard problems. Including ones that did not exist a few years ago. We believe a mix of data, analytics, automation and responsible AI can widen the range of what humans can do and improve American democracy. We are changing how the people in our country live. By providing the right training and tools, we encourage our people to go outside their comfort zone. Want to join our crew of sharp analytical minds? You are: In your element working with data, statistics, and applied intelligence. Designing algorithms and large-scale statistical models doesn't scare you. You want to help your client deliver faster and better services to U.S. citizens and improve people's quality of life where it matters most. Using the latest tech, serious brain power, and deep knowledge, you want to solve big problems. The work Work with cross-functional teams to solve quantitative problems and implement solutio ns Consult on industry standard solutions as well as new innovative techniques Work with large data sets to solve complex problems Apply statistical methods to develop analytic models Research methods to improve statistical inferences of variables across models Here's what you need: Bachelors's degree 3 years experience in quantitative analysis and statistical modeling (regression, correlation, clustering, etc.) 2 year of experience consulting or experience in a similar field requiring client collaboration, presentation, and delivery 2 years experience using analytics tools and languages - R, Python, SAS, etc. 2 years experience combining data sets, extracting key variables, and creating new variables to enhance modeling 2 years experience performing basic ETL functions and understanding of data quality steps/measures Bonus points if: You have experience working with DOD and other federal agencies and clients You have an advanced degree in statistics, data science, or similar computational concentration that is business-oriented, or an MBA You understand Professional Services or System Integration organizations
