Responsibilities Build the future of Data Science as part of the Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (CoE). The CoE is a unique team within Guidehouse, focusing on solving our client's most important challenges using Data and Advanced Analytics, AI, and Automation. As one of the top Public Sector professional services firms, the CoE works on a huge variety of projects; from predictive analytics models to support our healthcare and financial services divisions, to open source analysis for federal agencies, and deep learning initiatives for advanced analysis. As part of Guidehouse's Data Analytics team, you will work on high-impact and high-visibility projects, helping to shape not only Guidehouse's current business, but its long term strategy. This role involves working in a complex, multi-functional, Agile team environment with other data scientists, engineers, and UI/UX developers to develop and productionize analytics solutions. This requires the use of sophisticated distributed systems, the development of high-availability APIs, and the application of statistical techniques. It also involves working with the customer / product owner to gather and validate modeling business rules and assumptions. Working with open source tools and platforms to build AI/ML models into production systems that provide real-time insights into data, decision-making, and case complexity. As part of your job, you will handle large amounts of training data, rapidly prototype new cloud architectures, perform testing and push solutions into production. Must have strong problem-solving abilities, be able to work both at high and low levels of detail, have excellent communication skills. Qualifications Required: 1) Expert-level experience building solutions using advanced analytics and Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning (AI/ML) 2) 4+ years of Python experience 3) 3+ years of Database (SQL/NOSQL) experience 4) 4+ years of Machine Learning experience 5) Experience building solutions at enterprise scale on cloud platforms 6) Experience working in a large, complex DevOps environment with 6+ agile teams working in a CI/CD environment 7) Experience building solutions in a cloud environment 8) Bachelors degree in a related field 9) US Citizenship Required 10) TS/SCI Clearance Required Desired: 1) Experience with R, SAS, Python, and/or Tableau 2) Experience building solutions that are delivered on a Openshift or similar microservice platform 3) Experience working at DOD, DHS or USCIS preferred 4) Advanced degree in data science or similar Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
