Primary Function As a Manager, Lead Data Scientist, you will play a meaningful role in supporting Grainger's strategy by using your machine learning and statistical expertise to identify and support initiatives that add business value and drive bottom-line growth. You will deliver high-quality data driven insights that tell the story and drive critical decision making. As a member of the Finance organization, you are expected to bring a unique and diverse perspective to the table and contribute to a culture of respect and inclusion. Leaders in this role will challenge the status quo, enjoy complex challenges, utilize a "Big Thinking" approach, and relentlessly seek creative solutions to help Grainger's customers keep their operations running and their people safe. Mgr., Lead Data Scientists challenge the status quo, enjoy complex challenges, utilize a "Big Thinking" approach, and relentlessly seek creative solutions to help Grainger's customers keep their operations running and their people safe. Principal Duties & Responsibilities Manage and develop a team of 2-4 data science professionals. Provide outstanding leadership direction working with direct reports and provide constructive feedback to help develop the team into a high performing organization. Hire & retain the right talent, while maintaining conservative cost approach Ensure we are using best in class methods and data sources. Work hands-on as needed – research and test new methods / data sources, coach junior team members on the job, translate numerical findings into actionable insights and implementable solutions Own the process of transforming data into actionable insights and recommendations for specific use cases. Present clear and concise results Think through solution blueprints provided by senior leaders and translate it into specific deliverables Define delegable work streams, assign work to junior and experienced team members, based on task complexity Supervise execution and ensure on-time, error free delivery Foster innovation and creativity for the development of analytical tools or analyses to evaluate the evolving needs of the business that drive profitable share gain. Drive improved team member engagement collaboratively with other leaders on your team and the broader finance organization. Preferred Education & Experience Masters' or graduate degree in a quantitative field required (statistics, economics, mathematics, computer sciences, etc.) or equivalent work experience; PhD preferred 5-7 years of experience in related field preferred Previous management experience preferred Hands-on software engineering and data science experience beyond coursework Ability to develop algorithms and predictive models to derive insights and business value from data Demonstrable proficiency in coding (R, Spark, Python, Java, Scala) and programming concepts Ability to build, test, and validate machine learning applications in Python, R, or other programming language (R preferred) Ability to explore data sets and identify data transformation and data quality needs for targeted applications Deep knowledge of database design and logic (SQL) Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude and passion to build. Willingness to learn and research new concepts. An iterative approach to developing data science solutions (build, test, improve) Biased toward action, great collaborator and master simplifier, constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery Strong product mindset: you ask and tackle the most important analytical questions with the goal of driving product impact Excellent written and verbal communication skills Outstanding analytical skills Outstanding and proven project management skills; ability to manage multiple projects in a high-pressure, tight-deadline environment Work Environment May require some travel (<10%) Impact This role requires strong analytical skills, solid leadership skills to manage a team of professionals as well as the ability to interface at very senior levels of the organization. Strong work ethic and results orientation required for fast paced, customer focused environment. Data Science Managers are responsible for the overall solution delivery process (from solution blueprint to implementation). Decide underlying technical approach and ensure it is sound and implementable Collaborate with Cross Functional Technology teams to ensure alignment and implementation feasibility Provide guidance and supervision to help team members so they complete tasks on time and without errors. Working Relationships Who does this job partner with externally? The role may sometimes require interacting with vendors who provide data to us. Who does this job partner with internally? This job will partner with many internal teams including finance, accounting, audit, sales, and enterprise solutions.
