We are seeking a creative and motivated person to help us solve complex problems for the Navy. You will be a member of a high impact analysis team, joining engineers, analysts, and operational experts. With our team you will contribute to the advancement of analytical capabilities to provide answers and guidance to our sponsors and the Navy. We are passionate about applying state-of-the-art know-how to challenging problems and are committed to delivering quality products to our sponsors. Our team strives to foster a creative, friendly, collegial environment that values inclusion, camaraderie, and hard work while maintaining a sense of humor. You will join a diverse group of 40+ hardworking engineers and scientists that organizes many opportunities to socialize over coffee breaks, happy hours, potlucks, and holiday gatherings. Position Summary As an operational data scientist… Your primary responsibility will be to create, maintain, and improve automated analytical software tools to enable rapid analysis of data from complex operational systems You will lead high impact studies through collaborations with analysts, modelers, system experts, as well as those external to APL: warfighters, sponsors, national laboratories, and defense contractors You may perform analysis during test events at remote test locations, including ships at sea and possible foreign travel Qualifications : You meet our minimum qualifications for this job if you… Hold a BS degree in computer science, statistics, applied math, engineering, physics, or a related discipline Have at least 3 years of experience in data cleaning and automating iterative processes Are highly skilled in drawing insights from data and creating informative data visualizations Are willing and able to support occasional travel to test events Are able to obtain Secret level security clearance. If selected, you will be subject to a government security clearance investigation and must meet the requirements for access to classified information. Eligibility requirements include U.S. citizenship. You'll go above and beyond our minimum requirements if you… Hold an advanced degree in computer science, statistics, applied math, engineering, physics, or a related discipline Have experience with data mining, statistical analysis and machine learning Have experience managing large data sets. Have a background in combat systems, radar, electronic warfare, tactical networks, and/or missile integration Currently hold a Secret clearance (or above)
