CITI Security and Investigative Services (CSIS) is a full-service security and investigative team that protects the assets, integrity, and reputation of Citi and its clients. We accomplish this by offering in-house professional security services and independent investigations to clients across all of Citi's businesses and regions, and partnerships with other Citi business groups, law enforcement agencies, governments, and industry counterparts. The Global Intelligence & Analysis (GIA) program within CSIS combines specialized global intelligence research and analytical resources, in support ofthreat (cyber, fraud, & security) and business analytics. GIA proactively analyzes threats, patterns, and inefficiencies for Citi, its employees, shareholders, assets, and clients. The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for conducting statistical analysis and optimization of financial and non-financial data available within the Citi Security and Investigative Services (CSIS) program in Citi. The data scientist will work with stakeholders across the globe and execute complex statistical analyses in support of Cyber and Fraud Investigations. The analyst will prepare data visualizations, use algorithms, deploy machine learning/artificial intelligence models, or create simulations to discover and classify patterns that help in business decision making, and present findings to business audiences. The focus area for this role is in translating complex data into meaningful and digestible insights for a broad and diverse audience of clients and decision makers across the organization up to and including the Chief Security Officer. One of the primary duties will be tosupport investigations through analysis of large disparate datasets, such as log files of cyber activity or aggregated lists of fraud incidents. A previous background in fraud investigations, cyber security, anomaly detection (such as outliers), law enforcement, or similar is advantageous. Strong background in statistical techniques such as parameter estimation and hypothesis testing is required. Requirements also include programmingexperience for data analysis, data processing, and statistical tools such as SQL (Oracle preferred), R, or Python. This role requires high level proficiency in R as the dominate programming language used. Experience with business intelligence tools such as R Shiny, IBM Cognos, and Tableau is a plus. Fluency in English and very good written and verbal communication skills are necessary. This position will be based in Tampa, Florida and report directly to the CSIS GIA Business Analytics Director. • Conduct data-driven analyses and reports; apply quantitative data analysis methods; prepare statistical and non-statistical data exploration in relation to Cyber and Criminal Investigations and the CSIS Insider Threat Program. • Apply measurement practices to organize, analyze, and interpret data related to provide actionable information to decision makers. Ensure appropriate methodology is selected to answer specific business questions on effectiveness of coverage • Build and implement models and algorithms. Maintain high quality code and documentation. Assure efficiency, stability and scalability of the solution • Detect data anomalies and identify source of data problems. Recommend data quality solutions. • Use visualization techniques to display data and the results of analysis in clear presentations and dashboards that can be understood by non-technical readers • Design statistically valid samples, design and conduct statistical experiments. Perform statistical inference and draw conclusions from sample data • Ensure Data Quality and Reliability. Design and implement various Data Quality methods in SAS. Run quality checks against database and reportall data issues. Detect data anomalies and identify source of data problems. Recommend data quality solutions • Provide technical support to the team by implementing automation tools and integrating MS Office Excel, Oracle Database, R, and SAS platforms. Design technical solutions supporting complex data reporting and analytical tasks. Generate complex graphical data reports, including data crosstabs, scatter plots and statistical measures • Develop, analyze and report key performance indicators (KPIs) and key risk indicators (KRIs) for the existing business model. Ensure these KPIs and KRIs are aligned to the business model and modified in lines with changing business objectives • Display critical thinking in the creation of succinct narrative reports, presentations, visual mapping and link charts or similar diagrams to reportanalytical assessments. Display data and the results of analysis in clear straightforward business report that can be understood by non-technical readers. Provide written explanations of approach and analysis in plain language that supports the conclusions and observations • Change Management Advocate - Innovate and generate new ideas, concepts, and models to improve methods of obtaining and evaluatingquantitative and qualitative data. Identify relationships and trends in data across the firm, as well as any factors that could affect the research results. Question and validate assumptions and status quo. Escalate identified risks and sensitive areas in terms of methodology and processes • Demonstrate ability to identify and anticipate the problems and product/solution needs of our clients • Development of effective relationships between the program and local Citi businesses, the financial services industry, and other relevant analytical, law enforcement or regulatory agencies
