JOB DESCRIPTION The Lead Data Scientist plays a pivotal role in a highly visible business unit within the organization. Cox Automotive is leveraging machine learning and its vast data assets to personalize Cox Automotive products to customers. The lead data scientist will join a cross functional team developing machine learning solutions for the Cox Automotive ecosystem of applications. Collaborating with data engineers and subject matter experts, the lead data scientist will deliver results which support directional action by business teams across the Market Intelligence, Finance, Sales, Operations, Product, and Technology functions. They will partner with other data scientists to establish best practices and thought leadership for a machine learning platform to serve all of Cox Automotive. RESPONSIBILITIES Develop a thorough understanding of business problems through interviewing stakeholders and subject matter experts Derive what is critical and what is extraneous to solving the business problem. Understand the data requirements for formulating the solution Research new data sets and determine their quality and feasibility Manipulate data to support various statistical techniques Build machine learning models appropriate for each business problem Collaborate with data engineers to ensure solutions are successfully operationalized Effective story telling with data. Interpret and communicate analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers CRITICAL COMPETENCIES Passionate about machine learning. A thought leader who researches latest tools, techniques, and trends and looks for innovative approaches Always learning – about data science, industry, market, business, etc. Critical thinking skills. Ability to assess a situation from multiple points of view High personal and professional standards; unassailable integrity and ethics High-energy and self-starter personality. Strong structured coding skills. Team Oriented- able to train, develop, and mentor other data scientists. Qualifications Masters or PhD in computer science, analytics or other relevant line of study required At least 10+ years' experience performing advanced quantitative analyses Experience with data visualization tools Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Kmeans, NLP, Naive Bayes, SVM, etc. Experience with recommendation engines. Applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits in R and Python Experience working in with AWS environments Experience with relational databases and proficiency in query languages such as SQL
