Location:
Dallas, New York, Pittsburgh

Geography:
North America

Capabilities:
Technology & digital

Industries:
Technology industries

About Us


Boston Consulting Group partners with leaders in business and society to tackle their most important challenges and capture their greatest opportunities. BCG was the pioneer in business strategy when it was founded in 1963. Today, we help clients with total transformation-inspiring complex change, enabling organizations to grow, building competitive advantage, and driving bottom-line impact.

To succeed, organizations must blend digital and human capabilities. Our diverse, global teams bring deep industry and functional expertise and a range of perspectives to spark change. BCG delivers solutions through leading-edge management consulting along with technology and design, corporate and digital ventures—and business purpose. We work in a uniquely collaborative model across the firm and throughout all levels of the client organization, generating results that allow our clients to thrive.

Practice Area Profile

BCG Platinion launched in Germany in 2000 to add deep technical expertise to the Boston Consulting Group’s existing capabilities. Today, our presence spans across the globe, with offices in Asia, Europe, and South and North America. Our New York-based North American team began in 2014 and in 2017 acquired MAYA Design, a Pittsburgh-based digital design and innovation lab, to grow our capabilities around technology and design. We support our clients’ total digital transformation through technology, design, cybersecurity, and risk management & financial engineering capabilities. And together with BCG, BCG Platinion’s interdisciplinary team of technical experts enable customized technical solutions and accelerate delivery value through new business platforms, application consolidations, and major system implementations.

Role Profile

At BCG Platinion, we’re bringing design to the front line of business challenges, creating work that solves problems in novel, feasible, and desirable ways. Our team applies a human-centered approach in order to create innovative and exciting end-to-end experiences at the intersection of people and technology. We are looking for a curious individual who is passionate about advocating for user needs. In this role, you will explore new domains and industries, make discoveries based on research data, and work with a talented team of people to create solutions inspired by those insights.

(Senior) Human Scientists at BCG Platinion are:
Human-Centered. They start with people and thoughtfully consider the usefulness and usability of everything they create.
Expert Researchers. They play an active role in design and research. They are responsible for crafting research plans, performing fieldwork like interviewing and contextual inquiries, and synthesizing that research to make recommendations.
Designers. They create wireframes, storyboards, and data visualizations to communicate a desired future state.
Leaders. They lead small to medium sized projects, manage client relationships, and participate in writing and publishing thought leadership documents.
Discovery-driven. They find patterns, deconstruct large challenges, and communicate persuasively.
Collaborative. They are supportive team members who give great feedback. They embrace working in interdisciplinary teams and believe different perspectives and backgrounds drive the most innovative solutions.
You’re Good At:
Be an advocate for user needs and experiences throughout the design process.
Define and lead user engagements. Plan and lead research efforts including in-person and remote user research to better understand people and their environments. Methods might include contextual inquiry, fly-on-the-wall observation, interviews, surveys, diary studies, and generative participatory activities.
Analyze and synthesize research findings. Capture and synthesize information into actionable insights and recommendations. Use tools like concept mapping to document the underlying information architecture for a focus area.
Evaluate user experiences. Conduct evaluative research, such as usability testing (in-person and remote, moderated and unmoderated) and provide expert analysis.
Design concepts, storyboards, wireframes, and prototypes. Create design concepts at varying levels of fidelity, (sketches of situations and user interfaces, wireframes of screens and interactions, etc.). Use a variety of prototyping tools across fidelity levels to make your ideas tangible and understandable.
Design and assist in the facilitation of workshops with diverse stakeholders, from client teams to community partners, to collaboratively explore domains and challenges, synthesize data, generate concepts, and present work.
Lead small to midsize projects as a project manager, including work scoping and developing strong client relationships.
Travel around the globe to work with clients and BCG teams. At times, this role involves significant travel to client sites. The amount of travel will depend on client needs and nature of projects.

Your Qualifications

You Bring:
2+ years in a Human Sciences role, or relevant professional experience.
BS/BA or MS in human-computer interaction, interaction design, design planning, strategy or other relevant field, or equivalent experience.
Strong knowledge of research methods and frameworks, user interface standards, tools, and industry guidelines. The ability to reference best practices and design patterns, and can solve complex problems and novel interface challenges.
Understanding of user experience design principles and best practices, with the propensity and judgment to question convention when appropriate.
Visual communication skills, using sketching and other tools to articulate thoughts about complex problems, datasets, or experimentation.
Experience in prototyping and testing, future visioning, and strategy development.
Previous experience in a client-facing consulting role a plus.
Proven success working in and promoting a collaborative and iterative development environment.
What to include in your application:
A link to your portfolio that demonstrates your affinity for human-centered design and shows how you approach a design challenge.

BCG pioneered strategy consulting more than 50 years ago, and we continue to innovate and redefine the industry. We offer multiple career paths for the world’s best talent to have a real impact on business and society. As part of our team, you will benefit from the breadth and diversity of what we are doing today and where we are headed next. We count on your authenticity, exceptional work, and strong integrity. In return we are committed to supporting you in discovering the most fulfilling career journey possible—and unlocking your potential to advance the world.

BCG Platinion launched in Germany in 2000 to add deep technical expertise to the Boston Consulting Group’s existing capabilities. Today, our presence spans across the globe, with offices in Asia, Europe, and South and North America. Our New York-based North American team began in 2014 and in 2017 acquired MAYA Design, a Pittsburgh-based digital design and innovation lab, to grow our capabilities around technology and design.

We support our clients’ total digital transformation through technology, design, cybersecurity, and risk management & financial engineering capabilities. And together with BCG, BCG Platinion’s interdisciplinary team of technical experts enable customized technical solutions and accelerate delivery value through new business platforms, application consolidations, and major system implementations.

Date Posted:
03-Dec-2019

Boston Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity / expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under national, provincial, or local law, where applicable, and those with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable state and local laws.
BCG is an E-Verify Employer. Click here for more information on E-Verify.
