Description ABS Group is a global company that provides data-driven risk and reliability solutions and technical services that help our clients enhance the safety, integrity, quality and environmental efficiency of their critical assets and operations. Our digital team works directly with our clients to develop risk and reliability-related solutions to meet their needs. Every day, our multidisciplinary team of engineers, software developers, data scientists, data analysts, and cyber security specialists work together to develop innovative digital solutions for a wide range of complex challenges. If you are a motivated self-starter with intellectual curiosity, we're just what you're looking for. We are looking for an experienced data scientist to lead the gathering, transformation, and preparation of raw data for analysis and visualization. You will apply cutting edge statistical and machine learning techniques to find patterns that will improve our customers' operations. The ideal candidate is a team player, critical thinker, and problem solver that enjoys working in a dynamic collaborative environment. This position will require moderate travel based on client and project need. Responsibilities Solve complex, risk and reliability problems facing our government and commercial clients Participate as a data scientist on a multidisciplinary team with engineers, risk analysts, data analysts, software developers, and cyber security analysts Develop creative, innovative ideas for risk analysis and management Perform research to identify relevant data sources and automate collection processes Be able to translate business needs and gaps into requirements documentation and initial design concepts Pre-process structured and unstructured data Analyze datasets to generate descriptive statistics and perform statistical analysis to identify trends and anomalies in data Build predictive models using statistics and machine-learning techniques Present information using data visualization techniques Be comfortable presenting your work to a small audience (10-20 people) conveying data results or facilitating discussion to support a client decision Maintain a positive working environment and can-do attitude to foster productive and healthy team and client relationships Qualifications Required 3-5 years of experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst Experience in data mining Understanding of machine-learning and operations research Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) Analytical mind and business acumen Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) Problem-solving aptitude Excellent communication and presentation skills BSc/BA in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field; Preferred Graduate degree in Data Science or other quantitative field Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst
