The Sr. Data Scientist's primary responsibility in the Audio, Analytics & Insight team is to develop creative solutions to measure and improve the survey quality for all Nielsen Audio survey products. In order to deliver high quality standards, the Data Scientist will work as subject matter expert on a team of analysts to maintain and develop statistical tools supporting client facing products. These tasks include generating insights from data analysis, working with cross functional teams to implement solutions into production systems, developing system enhancements, procedural and methodological documentation development and maintenance, supporting survey methodology enhancements, and supporting client facing data requests. Job Responsibilities: Develops and implements statistical models to be used in a production environment to improve survey quality. Works closely with internal customers and IT personnel to improve current processes and engineer new methods. This includes support with writing new software, testing and end-user requirements. Acts as the primary modeling subject matter expert on cross functional teams, vigorously advocating for modeling solutions to complex business problems. Able to effectively communicate complex ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences. Develops, tests, and implements high quality, modular python code that can be seamlessly integrated into an existing production system. Develops and implements machine learning solutions to leverage big data from internal and external sources. Queries data from large relational databases/Data warehouse/Data Lakes for various analyses and/or requests. Role Requirements: E=essential, P=preferred. E- Undergraduate or graduate degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, economics, business or fields that employ rigorous data analysis. E- Proficiency with Python, R, Scala E- Proficiency with statistical tests and procedures such as Regression, ANOVA, Chi-squared, Correlation,, and Student t-test E- Knowledge of machine learning and data modeling techniques such as Time Series, Decision Trees, Random Forests, SVM, Neural Networks, Incremental Response Modeling, and Scoring E- Experience utilizing Bitbucket and/or Git or similar to manage code development E- Familiarity with Amazon Web Services (S3, Lambda, Redshift, EC2, etc.) E- Experience utilizing Apache Spark & Airflow E- Strong verbal, presentation, and written skills E- Strong critical thinking and creative problem solving skills E- Strong planning and organizational skills E- Expertize in querying large datasets with SQL and of working with Oracle, Netezza, Data Warehouse and Data Lake data structures E- Proficiency in MS Office suite (Excel, Access, PowerPoint and Word) and/or Google Office Apps (Sheets, Docs, Slides, Gmail) E- Expertize with Tableau, Spotfire, or other data visualization software and techniques P- Experience utilizing Docker and/or Kubernetes P- Proficiency with the SAS language and toolset (Enterprise Guide, Forecast Studio, etc.) P- Knowledge of survey sampling methodologies P- Proficiency with Databricks
