Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by machine learning and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your data science and analytical skills to support our military clients in their implementation of data-centric strategy and modernization efforts. You'll work closely with a team of data scientist to understand client questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You'll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help our military leaders make informed decisions. You'll provide your clients with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good to support our clients and build systems to change the defense intelligence enterprise for the better. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we're dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world's premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You'll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We'll help you develop the career you want as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -5+ years of experience with using a scripting language, including Python/R and using packages commonly used in data science applications or advanced analytics -5+ years of experience with managing diverse data sources, including pre-processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data to develop data marts for data science use cases and machine learning applications -Experience with performing data exploration and analysis to support analytics objectives -Experience with feature selection, model building, and optimization using supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques to support analytic objectives -Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts and machine learning -Ability to obtain a security clearance -PhD degree required Nice If You Have: -5+ years of experience with data science or advanced analytics in a professional work environment -Experience with designing novel data analytic methods and workflows, including full data pipelines from raw data through analysis results -Experience with developing data-processing and technical workflows for client delivery -Experience with leading teams in the data analytics space -Experience with presenting results to technical and non-technical audiences -Ability to work independently to achieve successful results with minimal guidance -Ability to exhibit flexibility and initiative when dealing with ambiguous, fast-paced situations -Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills -Possession of excellent organizational and time management skills, including juggling multiple priorities -Secret clearance
