As a Principal Data Scientist on the Operations Initiative team, you will be responsible for implementing an advanced analytics roadmap and leading data science engagements that deliver business value and customer insights to drive sales growth across the network. DSD is the largest of Keurig Dr Pepper's operating segments and will be a key part of our future strategic growth. DSD is quickly moving to use advanced analytics to better inform sales teams of how to understand and predict future opportunities for growth across the DSD network. You will act as both a strategic and technical leader whose purpose is to improve KDP's overall business performance through the analysis of data, development and deployment of predictive models, and the discovery of insights about our shoppers, customers, partners and competitors. In the short-term, you will help the DSD transformation team better understand their current customer base, sales channels, and competitor behavior so that DSD can target optimize the current order process, improve and enhance order quality, predict future customer needs and demands. What you will do: Oversee data science projects through the project lifecycle, from scoping through to implementation. You will be a hands-on leader, overseeing data exploration and analysis techniques to examine with the goal of improving customer understanding and providing a competitive advantage for Keurig Dr Pepper's DSD business teams. Recommend and oversee appropriate statistical and predictive modeling concepts, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation algorithms to help optimize customer targeting, reduce churn, and increase customer life-time-value. Ensure data and code integrity by conducting documentation and code reviews. Translate and break apart day-to-day business challenges into manageable segments for data science application. Navigate many multi-functional stakeholders and communicate technical results effectively to non-technical audiences. Work closely with IT and Data Engineering resources to help facilitate a collaborative, data science focused agenda. Implement strategic analyses with the know-how to balance getting the details right, while still moving at the speed of business. Help to create and develop a replicable Advanced Analytics roadmap that can be deployed across KDP DSD enterprise. Requirements You will ideally have: Minimum of a BS or BA and preferably a MS and minimum 5 years of experience, data analytics, sales, consumer marketing, or another related field. 5+ years of experience in deploying data science in a business environment. Experience in a consulting environment with one of the major management consultancies. Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms. Extensive experience with one or more statistical analysis and scripting tools (e.g., SPSS, SAS) and languages (Python, R, etc.) Experience with data extraction from SQL databases Experience with Big Data technologies (e.g. Spark, Hadoop: MapReduce, Hive and Pig) Experience with cloud-based technologies (Azure, AWS) Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets Possess excellent oral and written communication skills Highly detail–oriented and organized Possess strong business and financial acumen
