analytics, or Big Data? Interested in learning and utilizing different technologies without limitation? We are looking for a Data Expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the Cloud and on-premise. At Clarity Insights, we specialize in providing Data & Analytics expertise that result in real and measurable business outcomes. We are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients. Clarity Insights is the largest independent professional services firm focused exclusively on big data and analytics. Our Data Science practice has one vision: to drive better business outcomes through data and analytics. We provide data analytics advisory and solution delivery consulting services to many brand name organizations in social media, consumer products, manufacturing, high-tech organizations and beyond. We believe that nothing sells like great delivery of advanced solutions and we are committed to our people and client delivery excellence. With aggressive growth plans, Clarity is seeking outstanding leaders to successfully qualify, propose, close and lead client solution delivery. As a Senior Data Scientist at Clarity Insights, you will fully understand the requirements of our client and will be working with a variety of data sources which may include big data and utilize advanced Machine Learning techniques. You will participate in the development of project deliverables including Machine Learning solutions and analytical architecture. You'll be part of a team environment and interact with various other roles such as solution architects and leads on scoping customer facing projects. You will assist in identifying and positioning follow-on work at customers and with stakeholders. The Senior Data Scientist should be able to individually solve problems of higher complexity and assist and guide/mentor more junior consultants through their experience in problem resolution. They should be able to understand the business problem to be solved and should be skilled at extracting, transforming, and analyzing data using a variety of common analytical tools and statistical techniques. The Senior Data Scientist should be able to present findings in compelling manner to business and non-technical audience. The position requires a team player that seeks to supplement their skills through the use of project experience, self-study, and ongoing training. Required Qualifications 5+ years of professional work experience working with data integration, data science or data visualization is required 5+ years recent hands-on experience working with data mining tools like SAS, SPSS, R or Python Advanced SQL skills working with RDBMS's such as Oracle, DB2, Greenplum, or Teradata Experience wrangling and cleansing data from multiple sources Minimum of 2 years of experience with Regression techniques (Logistic, Linear, Non-Linear) and tree-based learning models (classification). In addition to these modeling techniques, experience with 2 or more additional modeling techniques (i.e. Time Series Analysis, Text Analytics, Random Forest, Clustering, Linear programming, Support Vector Machines, Naive Bayes, Neural Networks, Auto-encoders, General Adversarial Networks, Principal Component Analysis, Markov Decision Process, etc…) Experience working with 1 or more data visualization tools like Tableau, PowerBI, Rshiny, GGPlot, Qlik, Alteryx, Flask, D3, etc used to tell the "data" story Experience working directly with the end users to understand the business problem and identifying what models will be used to solve that problem Minimum of 1 year of professional work experience with data mining on big data platforms (i.e. Hadoop, Spark or Vertica) is required Minimum of 1-2 years implementing solutions in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure or Google) Prior experience mentoring & leading technical teams of junior data scientists where you were responsible for providing project estimates for your work stream and assigning tasks to other team members Excellent written and oral communication skills; must be capable of effectively articulating technical concepts to non-technical audiences Must have an undergraduate (BS) or postgraduate (MS/Ph.D.) degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Physics, Econometrics, Operations Research, Industrial Engineering or equivalent work experience AND a minimum of 5 years of professional work experience National travel to the client on a weekly basis is expected. Normal schedule is M-Th weekly travel to client location Preferred Qualifications Individuals with past management consulting experience working with both Strategy and Full-Lifecycle implementations for nationally based clients
