At Afresh, we're solving the big problems around food waste and the fresh food supply chain--focusing first in grocery. We use cutting-edge AI (we've been published in ICML!) combined with thoughtful design to enhance decision-making and optimize store workflows. The results are powerful: in live deployments in grocery stores, we have demonstrated the potential to double profits and reduce food waste by 50%+! What will you be doing? Performing analyses over billions of historical data points collected from across the food supply chain to find actionable patterns and improve the performance of machine learning algorithms. Designing experiments for assessing the performance of machine learning algorithms. Proposing improvements to our core machine learning engine. Deriving insights from customer data and communicating findings. Assessing the integrity of data and recommending solutions to integrity problems. Overseeing the implementation of data pipelines within modern big data processing systems such as Spark and Hadoop. Building visualization and data exploration tools that automate the analysis and debugging of machine learning models. What skills do you need? Masters or PhD in statistics, computer science, or equivalent. 4+ years of work experience. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Deep knowledge of statistical techniques, including clustering and unsupervised learning, predictive modeling, non-parametric statistics. Excellent technical communication skills. Ability to use visualization tools to perform investigative work and communicate results. Proficiency with the Python data science stack, including numpy, scipy, pandas, scikit-learn, matplotlib. Strong knowledge of SQL. Experience with engineering machine learning systems is a big plus. Experience with modern big data systems such as Apache Spark or Hadoop is a big plus. Background About 30-40% of food produced worldwide is thrown away, causing nearly a trillion dollars of economic losses, trillions of gallons of wasted water, and billions of tons of greenhouse gas emissions. In the US, about 40% of all food waste occurs at the retail level and downstream, largely driven by insufficient technology and manual processes. Afresh seeks to tackle some of these big problems around food waste. Born out of Stanford's Computer Science PhD program, Afresh is the first Fresh food supply chain company. We bring the cutting edge of artificial intelligence to Fresh food to minimize food waste. Our machine learning-powered supply chain solutions are tailored for the nuances of perishables. Our first product is a store-level replenishment tool that optimizes the ordering of items in Fresh categories -- produce, meat, deli, dairy, bakery, and prepared foods. The goal is to minimize waste and maximize in-stock rate, and consequently, profit. So far, the results are awesome! Like we said above, in live deployments, we have demonstrated the potential to double profits and reduce food waste by 50%+.
