Job Description Finance Data Scientist - (190000FD) Company OverView: Regal is a leading manufacturer of electric motors and controls, power generation products and power transmission products serving customers throughout the world. We create a better tomorrow by developing and responsibly producing energy-efficient products and systems. We recognize that hiring and developing talent is a key element in our continued growth. We are looking for people withhigh energy, ambition and commitment to performance excellence. If you are looking for a business environment where people treat each other with mutual respect and dignity and each employee can make a difference and grow with organization, Regal is the company for you. Join us to help the world run more efficiently! Regal is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex/gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, ancestry, national origin, marital status, citizenship status(unless required by the applicable law or government contract), disability or protected veteran status or any other status or characteristic protected by law. Regal is committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Description Position Summary: In the Finance Data Scientist role you will assist the Regal Corporate Finance team in mining the data toprovide informed analysis and valuable insights. Major Responsibilities: Prepare and manipulate structured and unstructured Finance data for data discovery and mining from multiple resources. Build high-end analytic models, utilizing supervised and unsupervised learning models, to support business and Finance leaders with data driven insights that address immediate business problems and objectives. Create informative visualizations that intuitively display large amounts of data and/or complex relationships; translates data analytics into coherent reports and presentations for internal and external customer with varying degrees of technical knowledge. Assist in development of tools/applications/reports to enhance overall finance department effectiveness. Provide clear and concise charts and presentations to communicate findings, insights and recommendations. Qualifications Required Education / Experience / Skills: Bachelor's degree in Business Analytics – Finance or Statistics or related field; Master's degree a plus. 3 years of relevant experience analyzing data and/or building statistical models. Knowledge of applied statistics, data modeling techniques, and predictive modeling techniques. Advanced knowledge of Office Suite (Microsoft Word, Excel, & PowerPoint) with expert knowledge of Excel. Strong communication and analytical skills (written & verbal) with the ability to communicate with people of various technical and non-technical backgrounds. Self-motivated/directed to handle multiple tasks and projects with minimal direction. Demonstrates excellent problem-solving skills as well as displays intellectual curiosity. Detail-oriented with the ability to draw meaningful/actionable insights using large amounts of data. Ability to quickly learn new systems and adapt to new technologies. Strong presentation and project management skills Primary Location: United States Work Locations: Beloit, Wisconsin 200 State Street Beloit 53511-6254 Job: United States & Mexico Job Posting: Aug 9, 2019, 2:21:00 AM
