Avast is expanding its reach to secure all home IoT devices. Homes are the new frontier for security, with millions of IoT devices connected and accessible on the internet. Many of these devices have old software and are rarely patched. In addition, most IoT devices do not allow installation of endpoint security software. The challenge for Avast is to protect these vulnerable devices while only observing them on the home network! Today, the world's home networks typically consist of a local wifi managed by a home gateway that connects to an ISP network via cable or DSL. As the world moves to 5G, the connectivity of consumer homes is expected to undergo a paradigm shift. The softwarization of the telecom networks will reach into our homes. Much of the home gateway functionality will move to the edge of the telco network, where it will be reborn as software-defined virtual network functions. Moreover, the home networks will have the flexibility to connect via various access technologies such as fiber, cable, and radio links giving rise to the 5G converged core network. The future of home IoT security in the 5G architecture plays to Avast's strength since security is a key differentiator for telecom operators plan to provide security as a software virtual function. As such, the technical challenge for Avast is to implement machine learning based solutions in the edge cloud to analyze and verify network traffic. In case of a security breach, countermeasures need to be triggered automatically. Machine learning is the key piece of the solution as most home networks are not administered by their owners and intelligent automation is the only way to protect millions of smart homes. Avast has conceived an architecture to achieve a 'Best in the World' Home IoT Security solution for a 5G deployment. We are building a series of PoCs and trials to validate our solution with operators under real world conditions. About You : We are looking for a Data Scientist to help us protect IoT devices in homes around the world. Focus of the team will be to analyze the security of devices within a home, by looking at network traffic inside and outside the home. The solutions will be deployed in production servers across many countries and continents, thus an exciting challenge is to handle the diversity of networks, homes and devices. The role has three focus areas: networking, machine learning, and edge cloud. Networking expertise is needed to produce telemetry data and understand vulnerabilities on the network level, machine learning to develop solutions to protect networks, and edge cloud to deploy and scale them. Responsibilities: Work with network architects to define and specify detailed tasks Applying network security techniques to home IoT traffic Interoperability with telco networking stacks Applying supervised and unsupervised algorithms to generate better insights Having fun in creating new and crazy ideas! Requirements: Machine Learning Excellent understanding and experience with supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms such as SVM, AdaBoost, DBSCAN Experience with data science toolkits, such as Pandas, scikit-learn, Tensorflow Experience with CNN, RNN, adversarial and reinforcement learning is a plus Networking Network programming (TCP/IP stack) Experience in Software-Defined Networking and Network Function Virtualization Experience in networking. Familiarity with cellular networks (4G/5G) is a plus Programming and environments Scripting and programming skills such as Python Programming in C/C++. Skill in Linux and/or embedded languages is a plus Knowledge of virtualization techniques like docker, kubernetes Most important Dedicated enthusiasm and courage to digest, hack, and dive into the unknown Communication, presentation, and visualization skills Educational Requirements: PhD in EE/CS/Engineering/Science preferred or M.S + 4 years of experience 2+ years of relevant networking experience is required
