The Senior Data Scientist's primary responsibility in the Audio Analytics & Insight team is to develop creative solutions to measure and improve the survey quality for all Nielsen Audio survey products. In order to deliver high quality standards, the Data Scientist will work as subject matter expert on a team of analysts to maintain and develop statistical tools supporting client facing products. These tasks include generating insights from data analysis, working with cross functional teams to implement solutions into production systems, developing system enhancements, procedural and methodological documentation development and maintenance, supporting survey methodology enhancements, and supporting client facing data requests. Job Responsibilities (List the major responsibilities/outcomes expected of this role) Develops and implements forecasting & statistical models to be used in a production environment to improve survey quality. Conducts tactical or strategic analyses to address business and customer opportunities. Develop, test and implement high quality, modular python code that can replace and enhance legacy production processes Works as an integral member of the Audio Analytics & Insight team in a time-critical production environment. Develops and implements machine learning solutions to leverage big data from internal and external sources. Serves on various interdepartmental teams seeking to propose, evaluate and implement new initiatives, and work on other critical projects. Queries data from large relational databases/Data warehouse/Data Lakes for various analyses and/or requests. Utilizes tools such as Python, Tableau, R etc. to perform complex data analysis and visualizations Maintains and updates documented departmental procedures, checklists and metrics comprehensively and on a timely basis. Leads the response to various internal and external client requests, providing data driven solutions to the problems presented. Implements prevention and detection controls to ensure data integrity. Works closely with internal customers and IT personnel to improve current processes and engineer new methods. This includes support with writing new software, testing and end-user requirements. Role Requirements E=essential, P=preferred. E- Undergraduate or graduate degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, economics, business or fields that employ rigorous data analysis.
