Job Summary: Disney Streaming Services is an industry leader in providing over-the-top content solutions, including ESPN+ and the upcoming Disney+ services. We strive to deliver live and on-demand content to consumers with innovative features and best in class reliability. As a member of the Network Engineering team, you would be responsible for maintaining and improving the global infrastructure necessary to support the company's streaming media platform. Expert role that provides technical and analytical leadership to others in the development of a broad range of complex models that support business needs. Your primary responsibility will be to lead the development of predictive models, time series forecasting models, user segmentations, and anomaly detection models. Responsibilities: Lead the development of our predictive algorithms across different areas with the aim of better understanding our customer and our business. This means you will be responsible for iterating on existing and prototyping new algorithms, building these algorithms with robust test coverage and working with engineering so they can be integrated into our production code base. Ability to translate hard product goals and business problems into modeling problems, draw conclusions from data, and recommend actions. Function as an expert and collaborate with the rest of the team to assess how models can be adjusted for better predictive power. Proactively identify opportunities within DSS that can benefit from data science modeling and present those findings. Be the expert at utilizing data sources across the organization with ability to integrate data across multiple platforms where joins to not exist, account for missing data and other approaches to clean and enhance our data. Work effectively across multiple business units with numerous stakeholders to deliver advanced analytics and modeling solutions. Basic Qualifications: 8+ years of relevant experience Experience making complex and broad predictions based on a vast amount of past and/or present data through the development of statistical and/or machine learning models Strong analytical and problem-solving skills are required to interpret data and draw conclusions Deep knowledge of machine learning algorithms (supervised and unsupervised learning), advanced statistics (time series forecasting, clustering algorithms, probabilistic models) and NLP (topic modeling, sentiment analysis). Advanced Python and R skills Excellent communication and presentation skills Preferred Education Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, preferred or equivalent professional experience.
