Job Summary: Disney Streaming Services is an industry leader in providing over-the-top content solutions, including ESPN+ and the upcoming Disney+ services. We strive to deliver live and on-demand content to consumers with innovative features and best in class reliability. As a member of the Network Engineering team, you would be responsible for maintaining and improving the global infrastructure necessary to support the company's streaming media platform. Expert role that manages experimentation projects, analytics and data science, and provides technical and analytical leadership to others with a specialty in data and analytics technology and specifically A/B and multivariate testing applications. The team is responsible for designing experiments, conducting analysis and guiding improvements to our tools for enabling experimentation across a diverse set of product and model features. We make product and business decisions based on what we learned from A/B testing. Therefore, it is essential to ask the right questions and measure the right things to answer them. Responsibilities: Lead the development of sampling and allocation methodology for experimentations. Lead the design and analysis of A/B experimentations for product and algorithm/model changes Create actionable metrics and design effective experiments. Work effectively across multiple business units with numerous stakeholders to deliver advanced analytics solutions. Present experimentation results to both non-technical and technical stakeholders. Collaborate with engineering teams to improve the experimentation pipeline and platform. Quantify the impact of feature and model changes to the product. Communicate insights to engineering, product management, and executive teams, and drive product decisions with data. Basic Qualifications: 8+ years of relevant experience. Ability to produce and communicate data insights that translate into significant business impact. Strong statistics knowledge and experience to strengthen the validity of A/B tests, including statistical distributions and testing/sampling methodologies. Practical experience working with and conducting experiments on large datasets. Ability to work effectively with engineering partners to meet the data needs of the business, translating business needs into analytical requirements. Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product. Expertise in programming languages for data processing and analysis (e.g., Python and R) and big data access tools. Extensive background in statistical methods and data mining Excellent communication and presentation skills. Preferred Education Graduate degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, preferred or equivalent professional experience.
