Description ​​ Position Summary: MassMutual's Advanced Analytics group is seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and self-directed data scientist. In this role, you will perform data-driven research, problem solving, and algorithm development through the systematic application of mathematics, statistics and computer science as well as cutting edge data technologies. Results of this work manifest themselves in a variety of ways, including interactive visualizations, presentations, publications, web applications, predictive algorithms, and APIs. This is an opportunity to join a small but growing high performing team with diverse backgrounds in applied math, computer science and physics that have been tasked with developing, maintaining and extracting knowledge from a strategic data asset. Our work revolves around studying fundamental and high impact business questions that directly impact the direction of the company and industry at large. Overall Responsibility: Set strategy and assume a leadership role in a domain of expertise Develop roadmaps for projects and services, data, and technology Oversee operations of algorithm and system deployments Partner with executive leadership to ensure alignment of data science initiatives and company strategy Lead projects and research initiatives Develop algorithms and predictive models, create prototype systems, visualizations, and web applications Design and analyze experiments Assemble data sets from disparate sources and analyze using appropriate quantitative methodologies, computational frameworks and systems Disseminate findings to non-technical audiences through a variety of media, including interactive visualizations, reports and presentations Mentor junior team members Candidate Requirements: Industry recognized expertise 7+ years working with data and relevant computational frameworks and systems 7+ years developing of probabilistic models and machine learning algorithms Proficient level of understanding in the following areas and an expert in at least one: machine learning, probability and statistics (esp. Bayesian methods), natural language processing, operations research Exceptional problem solving skills and willingness to learn new concepts, methods, and technologies Expert in data analysis using R or Python (numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, pandas, etc.) programming languages Knowledge of HTML/CSS/Javascript, d3.js and web application frameworks (Flask, Django, Play!, etc.) Knowledge of NoSQL systems, Hadoop/map-reduce, Spark, Hbase, etc. Experience in database design and SQL Ability to work in a highly collaborative environment Outstanding communication skills (publication history a plus) Education - M.S. or Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Physics, etc.) is required.
