Position Description This position is responsible for business consulting activities for the Data Strategy and Analytics teams within our client organizations to monitor and assist in improving their analytics eco system. We need someone with a creative problem-solving skills to work on our client's business opportunities. Our Data Scientistwill work to understand high value opportunities and identify/build potential solutions, which often involve discovering new insights by transforming data into intuitive & interactive visualizations or applications Your future duties and responsibilities Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. • Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. • Develop and test heuristics. • Create and run statistic/ML models. • Perform data exploration and data mining. • Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data. Required qualifications to be successful in this role • Must have a min of 5 years experience working in a fortune 100/500 company. • 3 - 5 years of data engineering/science related activities with overall 10+ years' experience. • Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems. • Expert knowledge of SAS, Python Machine Learning or R. • Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling. • Working knowledge of code writing. • Big Data/Hadoop/NoSQL and experience with large datasets Desired: Doctorate in Computer science, Engineering, Physics or Statistics #L1-AC2 Skills SQL Python Data Analysis Data Architecture QlikView
