Reporting to the Senior Manager, Enterprise Business Intelligence, the primary focus of the Data Scientist is to help stakeholders leverage data for key strategic objectives. In this role you will be responsible for supporting stakeholders while they seek to achieve project goals by apply advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to various complex data sets. The Data Scientist will lead projects independently as well as assist other data teams across the organization by providing expert guidance in creating models and machine learning algorithms.

What you will be doing in this role:

Build custom statistical models, such as linear or logistic regression, Pattern recognition & Predictive models that predict various business metrics

Match pre-existing models (like random forest etc.) to various problems like segmentation analysis, identifying outliers, etc.

Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of analytical product development, marketing techniques and business strategies

Evaluate and recommend products and tools to enable accelerated learning and analytics

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy

Create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business outcomes

Doing ad-hoc, what-if analysis and Summarize and present results for Technical & Non-Technical audience

What we hope you will bring to this role:

Bachelors in Computer Science or a related discipline, and more than 2 years of demonstrated experience as a data scientist to help improve business outcomes required

Must have experience using statistical computer functions in languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from variety of data sets

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (Forecasting, Benchmarking, Clustering, Decision Tree Learning, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts – Regression, Sampling, Outliers Detection, Linear & Multiple Regression, Time series forecasting, Exponential Smoothing etc.

Experience working with large datasets, data wrangling and complex dimensional data models

Experience in modeling/preparing of data inputs for Visualization and building analytical Visualization using Qliksense/Tableau/PowerBI

Mentor data analysts and junior data science associates in best practices

Experience in data modeling and data wrangling, and experience with tools like data science platforms like rapidminer, data robot etc. preferred

Role is in an indoor office setting, with travel required 20% of the time

HAVING TECHNICAL ISSUES WITH YOUR APPLICATION?

Contact us at bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com or 855-877-6866

Bright Horizons is dedicated to creating a workforce that promotes and supports diversity and inclusion. We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals without discrimination. Bright Horizons complies with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO – English and EEO – Spanish along with information on the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and Employee Polygraph Protection Act (EPPA) .

Applicants requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact the recruitment helpdesk at 855-877-6866 or bhrecruit@brighthorizons.com . Determinations on requests for reasonable accommodation will be made on a case-by-case basis.
