Porch is looking for an accomplished, hands-on data scientist to lead our Data Science team. This team focuses on integrating real-time predictive models in a production environment and operates in an academic-like setting where learning is strongly encouraged. You will lead and work alongside a team of data scientists and engineers to build scalable solutions to complex problems across the organization. You will play the driving role to bring together engineering, business, and data science to go after the biggest opportunities to impact revenue, customer happiness, and operational scalability. If you are highly analytical, enjoy working on teams, and have a strong intellectual curiosity to learn and apply new modeling methods to solve customer problems, the Data Science team at Porch just might be the place for you! The right candidate has strong data science technical skills and demonstrated an ability to lead a team to solve customer and business problems. You should have extensive experience with data mining, statistical modeling, and machine learning techniques and an interest in leading a technical team in a hands-on capacity. What You Will Do Build or expand upon a broad array of data science models; GBT, propensity scoring, NLP text classification, regression, Bayesian inference, etc. Provide hands-on technical guidance to data scientists and analysts to encourage technical growth and ensure proper application of standard methodologies. Drive R&D on new models and evaluate business opportunities. Prioritize work across your team to support broader business initiatives. Establish roadmap to improve the scalability of data pipelines and modeling infrastructure. Collaborate with product teams to deliver solutions that enhance the customer experience and improve the efficiency of user acquisition. Manage a team of data scientists, potentially machine learning engineers as well, providing technical direction and mentorship. Be a highly technical, hands-on developer and an effective people manager. Responsible for the performance of data science products with a keen understanding of the levers to provide increased value. Communicate deeply technical results to a broad audience. What You Bring Ph.D. or Master's degree in statistics, econometrics, physics, mathematics, or a similar quantitative field. 6+ years of work experience in data analysis, applied statistics, machine learning, or econometrics. Graduate-level command of statistics and probability theory. Experience leading technical projects and/or teams and a desire to be both a technical and people leader. Strong technical background, experience working with scalable data systems such as Spark. Proficiency with SQL and at least one scripting language (R, Python, etc). Hands-on experience with a broad range of modeling techniques. Track record of focusing on the right results and delivering against critical goals. Shown experience working in Scrum teams to define, build, and ship products. Proven ability to move fast in an entrepreneurial environment.
