Data Scientist  
Portland, OR 
Want to make a difference? Then come work for ICF, where we combine passion for our work with industry expertise and innovative analytics to produce compelling results that help solve some of the worlds most challenging problems. In the energy market, ICF helps public- and private-sector clients develop comprehensive energy strategies and establish sustainable programs to deliver and maintain energy. 
To support our growth, we are hiring a Data Scientist to work in our DER Analytics practice. You will contribute to the development of innovative, accurate, timely, and high quality products and services, typically working on multiple projects with all levels of staff. The DER Analytics team is a leader in utility DER planning, program design, and program implementation analytics. Our thorough understanding of our clients needs and our ability to connect the practical on the ground experience enables us to help clients make big things possible. 
At ICF you will have an opportunity to apply your academic knowledge, gain exposure to major projects, interact with experts and clients in the field, and grow your content knowledge and consulting skills. Engineers advance in our practice and develop an area of special competence, with increasing responsibility for project management and client contact in their area of competence. 
Key Responsibilities:  

Assist with Demand Side Management (DSM) potential studies, DSM program planning, preparation of DSM fillings and other regulatory support for US utilities and/or government agencies.  

Assist with developing and designing innovative DSM program strategies  

Conducting market research on various energy efficiency technologies including DSM measure adoption, saturation, feasibility, etc.  

Advanced energy saving calculations and economic analyses for the residential and commercial sectors supporting utility energy efficiency and demand response programs  

Oversee market research and development of industry expertise on energy efficiency and demand response technologies  

Assist with the evaluation and benchmarking of DSM program performance  

Managing and analyzing large datasets using advanced Excel functions  

Preparing and presenting persuasive presentations  

Co-authoring reports and other client deliverables journal articles, white papers and marketing pieces  
Basic Qualifications:   

Masters degree in Mechanical, Architectural or Electrical Engineering, Building Science, Energy Management, Energy Policy and Planning, or related subjects  

2+ years of related energy industry experience, including experience in DSM program potential studies, preparation of DSM plans/fillings, DSM program design and/or implementation  

In depth understanding of economic valuation such as NPV and IRR analysis, and utility cost-effectiveness tests  

Knowledge of market adoption forecasting methodologies for DSM technologies  

Knowledge of evaluation, measurement, and verification of energy efficiency  

Understanding of US energy codes and standards for residential and commercial buildings, such as IECC codes and ASHRAE standards  

Understanding of building science and building energy saving calculation  

Strong quantitative and analytical skills, including advanced programming experience with Excel and Visual Basic  

Strong writing and communication skills   
Preferred Skills/Experience:  

Experience and knowledge of renewables, energy storage systems and/or CHP  

Knowledge of energy policy and regulation, especially related to DSM and other distributed energy resources. Experience in regulatory and public stakeholder processes would be highly valued.  

Experience managing a team of energy efficiency analysts and engineers  

Experience with business development and client development  

Experience with energy saving calculation using Technical Resource Manuals (TRM) and other engineering guidelines such as ASHRAE fundamentals  

Experience with energy modeling tools (e.g., OpenStudio, EnergyPlus)  

Understanding of heat transfer and thermodynamics  

Advanced programming and data analytics skills  

Knowledge of building construction methods, mechanical systems and related energy use in residential and commercial construction 
Professional Skills:  

Demonstrates trustworthiness and upholds the highest ethical standards  

Ensures that information flows effectively to others  

Identifies, collects and analyzes the information needed to solve a problem effectively  

Clearly expresses ideas, thoughts, and concepts in writing  

Organizes written work in a manner that is clear, easy to follow, and tailored for the intended audience  

Team player with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment   
Working at ICF 
Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If youre seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICFtogether for tomorrow. 
ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE  Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity) 
Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.comand we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination:  EEO is the law and  Pay Transparency Statement. 
Oregon Remote Office (OR99)About ICFICF (NASDAQ:ICFI) is a global consulting and technology services provider with more than 5,000 professionals focused on making big things possible for our clients. We are business analysts, policy specialists, technologists, researchers, digital strategists, social scientists and creatives. Since 1969, government and commercial clients have worked with ICF to overcome their toughest challenges on issues that matter profoundly to their success. Come engage with us at icf.com. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Salem, OR 97308 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_282b829bce0dc90e7e6b9a5c31549e53
