HPC/AI/DL Data Scientist Systems Engineer

Austin, TX

Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Systems Engineer on our HPC and AI Solutions Engineering team in Austin, TX.

Our customers’ system requirements are usually highly complex. Bringing together hardware and software systems design, Systems Development Engineering operates at the very cutting edge of technology to meet them. We design and develop electronic and electro-mechanical or systems-orientated products, conduct feasibility studies on engineering proposals and prepare installation, operation and maintenance specifications and instructions. We’re proud to deliver programs and products to the highest quality standards, on time and within budget.

Key Responsibilities

The AI/DL Data Scientist will help design and implement AI/DL systems for a wide variety of use cases and applications. Responsibilities for this position include tracking and projecting the evolving needs of the AI community as well as understanding AI systems architectures, hardware technologies evolution, emerging technology opportunities, and the maturing AI applications software landscape and horizon.

This position will work with other Dell AI, Big Data and HPC architects, engineers, developers, product managers, and sales staff to ensure that new AI solutions are best-in-class matched to customer needs, cost-effective, supportable, and have potential for significant impact and revenue.

This technical position will maintain constant awareness of the emerging AI techniques and will participate in research activities to maintain technical vision and perspective. The position will maintain regular communications with thought leaders in AI, attend and present at leading conferences to maintain connections and context. This position will also stay abreast of the market for AI in different market segments and will help design and implement solutions for the leading customers.

In addition to the solution design and implementation responsibilities, the AI/DL Data Scientist will lead research projects in AI, with a creative blend of theory and practice, publish results in peer-reviewed forums and blogs, collaborate with university partners and other companies to expand the company’s knowledge of emerging techniques in data analysis.

Essential Requirements

M.S. (or BSc + additional experience) in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics

2+ year experience with proven record in the AI and data analytics domain

Programming experience in C/C++, or Python

Solid Deep learning background and familiarity with state-of-the-art techniques such as deep neural networks and their use cases such as image processing, natural language processing, speech recognition

Desirable Requirements

PhD. in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics with specialization in AI/machine learning/Deep learning

Contributions such as publications that have advanced the field

Domain specific knowledge with AI use cases in one or preferable several vertical industries such as finance, manufacturing, life sciences, automotive, security, logistics, etc

Hands on hardware experience

Benefits

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you would thrive in a combined hardware and software design function, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell here.
