Description 
The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 leverages large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights. The Cognitive/Machine Learning Professional 2 work assignments are varied and frequently require interpretation and independent determination of the appropriate courses of action. 
Responsibilities 
Humanas Data Health and Analytics Team, in our new Boston, Massachusettss office, is seeking a Cognitive/Machine Learning Data Scientist. This position collaborates with 
analytic and data teams to set objectives, approaches, and work plans. Researches and evaluates new analytical methodologies, approaches, and solutions. Develops and validates statistical forecasting models and tools. Interprets and communicates analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers. Understands department, segment, and organizational strategy and operating objectives, including their linkages to related areas. Makes decisions regarding own work methods, occasionally in ambiguous situations, and requires minimal direction and receives guidance where needed. Follows established guidelines/procedures. 
First year success factors:  

Develop machine learning, AI, and Deep Learning solutions to support our key business partners within the Retail and Employer Group Segments.  

The solutions developed will provide measureable value to our key business partners in the form of increase in efficiency (time and computationally), improved member experience, and return on investment.  

You are recognized as a team member who helps drive results for both the Enterprise Data and Analytics organization as well as our segment partners.  

You have developed effective partnerships with internal business partners and coworkers.   
Required Qualifications 
Master's degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Computer Science, Mathematics or Statistics and/or related field 
Working experience R or Python 
3+ years of professional experience leveraging large sets of structured and unstructured data to develop tactical and strategic insights 
Experience developing and validating statistical forecasting models and tools 
Experience interpreting and communicating analytic results to analytical and non-analytical business partners and executive decision makers 
Clear oral and written communication skills 
Flexible, dynamic personality who is able to work independently in a team environment 
Preferred Qualifications 
Healthcare or managed care experience 
Demonstrated experience with SAS, QlikView, SQL, PL/SQL, MATLAB or similar statistical tools 
Experience performing data management, mining, and manipulation along with analytics 
Scheduled Weekly Hours 
40 
About Us 
Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and thats why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first.  
Equal Opportunity Employer 
It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. 
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox tas recruit@humana.com for assistance. 
Humana Safety and Security 
Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact  mailbox tas recruit@humana.com to validate the request. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_b0773393a502d6bd101bb9a23e90240e
