Please review the job details below. Maxar Technologies is seeking a Data Scientist to perform as a part of a highly dynamic, multi-function team of intel analysts, geospatial analysts, imagery analysts, analytic methodological, developers, and data scientists to solve some of the intelligence communities most challenging problems. The team is focused on finding, adapting or creating best of breed solutions for the IC's foremost problems by fusing information from the whole of government, industry and academia. Experience in machine learning and AI is desired but not required.Minimum Qualifications: Must have a current/active TS/SCI and be willing and able to pass a CI polygraph Requires a Bachelor's degree and 3 years of work experience OR a Master's degree and 2 years of work experience Spatial and non-spatial database and data modeling knowledge (e.g., PostgreSQL, PostGIS, Accumulo, GeoWave, MongoDB, Oracle/Spatial). Ability to write scripts in Python, R, C++ and other appropriate languages and tools for modeling processes, repeatability, efficiency, knowledge capture, hypothesis testing and process automation for data mining and modeling techniques. Creation of Data Stories – Document and visualize data both temporally and spatially to assist in data integrity checks, and display analytical assessments. Use statistical, mathematical, machine learning, and other relevant concepts and techniques to solve complex GEOINT analysis issues and understand concepts associated with structured data and relational databases. Expert with Microsoft Applications (Excel, Power Point, SharePoint, SharePoint Designer, InfoPath, Visio). Ability to pull, compare, contrast, merge, extract, research, de-conflict, extrapolate, and portray data, geospatially, from multiple NGA and IC databases. Knowledge of web services protocols, including but not limited to Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) and ESRI REST services. Knowledge and experience performing big data analysis and streaming data analysis techniques using open source big data and scripting frameworks including but not limited to Spark, Jupyter Notebooks, and R. Desired Qualifications: Demonstrated ability to discover and implement automated process improvements and solutions for the discovery, preparation, manipulation and normalization of big data. Previous experience supporting NGA and/or other DoD and IC entities. R04604
