Job description:   

Data Scientist positions offered by Ford Motor Company (Palo Alto, CA). Research and apply the latest quantitative techniques toward the solution of important problems from many areas of the automotive and mobility industry. Review academic / industry literature, develop and test models, and gain insights from research findings. Translate ideas and theory into solutions from which the business can grow. Develop optimization frameworks to support models related to risk allocation, pricing, capital strategy to improve and guide business decisions. Work with various data sources and platforms (PC, Mainframe, Unix/Linux, Teradata, Hadoop) to gather data, and explore their potential use in developing actionable business insights. Explore emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development. Help maintain and enhance existing models.

  Minimum Requirements:  
 
Master's or foreign equivalent degree in computer engineering, statistics, or a related quantitative field 
2 years of experience in the position offered or 2 years of experience performing quantitative research  
1 year of programming in at least two of the following languages: R, Python, MATLAB, Java, C/C++/C#, or SAS   Join our team as we create tomorrow! We believe in putting people first, working together, and facing challenges head-on, because we're Built Ford Tough. We're one team striving to make people's lives better while creating value, delivering excellence and ultimately going for the win.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3229
