San Jose, CA|2 days ago|Full-time| Skills SQL PostgreSQL R Job Details Position : Data Analyst / Data Scientist Take ownership of analytical projects end to end from extracting and exploring data, track feature usage of product using Mixpanel and Google Analytics, and present it to product managers. Understand the database relationships and data flow to create and deliver reports using SQL, BI tools for business and internal users. Provide analytical and business insights for decision-making and provide support for key growth metrics. Provide operational/management business analysis like calculating savings and total spend for the product and also provide customer support for data requests from internal users using ticketing system. Work closely with various business functions to identify opportunities, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets using different techniques and tools such as Periscopedata, POSTGRESQL, Mixpanel, Google Analytics, Excel and R. Ability to convey metrics to partners with business context and communicate findings and propose actionable recommendations to address the problems. |Job Details Position : Data Analyst / Data Scientist Take ownership of analytical projects end to end from extracting and exploring data, track feature usage of product using Mixpanel and Google Analytics, and present it to product managers. Understand the database relationships and data flow to create and deliver reports using SQL, BI tools for business and internal users. Provide analytical and business insights for decision-making and provide support for key growth metrics. Provide operational/management business analysis like calculating savings and total spend for the product and also provide customer support for data requests from internal users using ticketing system. Work closely with various business functions to identify opportunities, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in data sets using different techniques and tools such as Periscopedata, POSTGRESQL, Mixpanel, Google Analytics, Excel and R. Ability to convey metrics to partners with business context and communicate findings and propose actionable recommendations to address the problems.
