The People Analytics team at Genentech is a small group of 9 people that has an outsized impact. We build products around data whose insights affect all ~14,000 Genentech employees. Our team is close knit and dynamic acting more like a startup within Genentech than anything else. We are looking for a dynamic Senior Data Scientist to join our team to help propel our trajectory and drive more impact. Who we are looking for As we are a small team, we are looking for an experienced Data Scientist with a variety of engineering, modeling, statistical and business skills who is comfortable working on both products and projects. Communication with stakeholders and within our team is a must, so excellent communication skills are required, especially around technical topics to non-technical audiences. No ideas are out of bounds, so we are looking for someone who is creative with data, including how and where we acquire it and how and where we use it. Most importantly we are seeking someone who is persistent: we are working on many things at once so we have to stay patient but continue to push the envelope. No experience in People Analytics or HR is required, but the desire to learn and become a subject matter expert on the HR domain is a necessity. Key Responsibilities Leadership of projects and initiatives Thought leadership on how to use advanced statistics, ML and AI in the HR domain Synthesizing requirements from non-technical stakeholders Drive decision making by clearly tell stories with data Promote (both your own and others on the team) ideas and vision to external stakeholders and potential customers Inspire and collaborate closely with team members and stakeholders Forge relationships with peers across the company to drive team success Technical Experience Required At least 10 years experience building models, executing statistical analyses and manipulating data At least 5 years experience with Python (Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, scikit-learn) SQL RDBMS Building production ETL processes to acquire and process data Production Deployment of Machine Learning models Statistical expertise Data Visualization Production software development experience (git, testing, code reviews etc) Familiar (and willingness to learn more of) AWS (S3, EC2, Sagemaker, Glue) R Docker Agile processes Plotly and Plotly-Dash Deep Learning (Tensorflow, Pytorch).
