Antuit is the leader in AI-powered solutions for Retail, Consumer Goods, and Manufacturing companies with a proven track record for delivering outsized business results to industry leaders. Our AI solutions, in the cloud, improved accuracy for demand forecasting, S&OP, DSD fulfillment, trade promotion, retail lifecycle pricing, and personalized marketing. Antuit's executives, comprised of industry leaders from McKinsey, Accenture, IBM, and SAS, and our team of Ph.Ds., data scientists, technologists, and domain experts, are passionate about delivering real value to our clients. Antuit is funded by Goldman Sachs and Zodius Capital. Description Antuit is looking for a Managing Consultant - Data Scientist, who has knowledge and experience in developing machine learning algorithms, particularly in Supply chain and forecasting with Python and Spark. The candidate should be able to design and implement the solution. The candidate should have excellent communication skills and be results driven with a customer centric approach to problem solving. This job also requires the ability to operate across geographic delivery environment. Excellent opportunity to learn and contribute to solving world-class data science problems. Responsibilities and Duties Design and implement complex predictive analytics and forecasting models across multiple clients and/or projects; Lead forecasting model design; Design, develop, test, and implement robust machine learing algorithms and collaborate with client to align business requirements with data science systems, process solutions that ensure client's overall objectives; Create meaningful presentations and analyses that tell a "story" focused on insights, to communicate the results and ideas to key decision makers in Antuit and client companies; Collaborate effectively with other development teams and solution experts to solve complex problems; Set a clear vision for the team members and working cohesively to attain it; Mentor and coach team members. Qualifications and Skills Experience / Education: Master's or Ph.D. Degree in Computer Science, Computer/Electrical Engineering, Statistics, Applied Math or related fields; Experience working in start-up type environment preferred; Experience in retail and/or consumer packaged goods preferred; Highly technical: Excellent machine learning and data analytics skills; Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills; 10+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis to solve problems and with implementing data analytics solutions with Python and Spark; Experience in forecasting and optimization problems; Experience in working with cloud Big Data Stack to orchestrate data gathering, cleansing, data preparation, and modeling; Effective communication and presentation skills; Strong management track record; Strong inter-personal skills and leadership qualities;
