Responsibilities Our consultants on the Data Analytics team help clients maximize the value of their data. This high performing team helps clients implement advanced analytical techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to define their information strategy, enable mission critical insights, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust, and improve operational effectiveness. Qualifications Minimum Security Clearance: Secret Minimum Years of Experience: 4 Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree in: Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or similar quantitative discipline. Graduate degree preferred. Knowledge Preferred: Demonstrates significant experience working with analytical models, methods, or techniques and the ability to apply them within the public sector. This background should include: Statistical analysis; Advanced analytics such as predictive modelling, simulation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; Quantitative business and operations analysis; Human capital analytics or financial management; Advanced proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS; Visualization skills such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny. Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment. Skills Preferred: Demonstrates thorough skills and/or proven success in project roles including the following: Analyzing large and complex data sets, with strong aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis; Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques to increase organizational efficiency; Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building strong, collaborative relationships with team members; Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, communicating potential conflicts to a supervisor; Communicating effectively to various audiences, including various levels of management and external clients, in a professional environment; Leading small teams, coaching and collaborating with associates, providing feedback and guidance on work performance. Professionals in Guidehouse LLP may be subject to a government security investigation and may need to meet related eligibility requirements for access to classified information. This role requires you to have an active US Security Clearance at a Secret Level. Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
