Are you passionate about using advance statistical techniques to accurately forecast the impact of business strategies and customer trends in order to plan adequately for success? Would you like to participate in the dynamic, competitive, customer-focused and data-rich world of B2B travel? Are you ready to make an impact at a ground-breaking tech company, powered by the world's largest online travel platform? Are you passionate about harnessing the power of data to gain business insights and drive business value, interested in the wonderful world of travel and ready to help our company grow? If yes, then we are looking for you! Egencia is seeking a highly motivated Data Scientist to play a key role in helping to shape our understanding of our customers using the latest analytical tools and techniques. We need a highly capable Data Scientist who will use Machine Learning and Advanced Statistical Techniques to help forecast our complex and growing business. This role will be partnering with our finance team to develop advanced forecasting and anomaly detection models and deploy them in production. You will create and update models in a constantly changing environment of the corporate travel industry. Solve a broad range of high-impact, complex problems using some of the latest Data Science techniques. You posses excellent communication and relationship building skills from stakeholders up to executive level. This role represents an exciting opportunity to join Egencia, the fast-growing leader in the B2B travel space. We are excited to move to our new Seattle Campus later this year. The campus features onsite wellness and market hall with amazing food options on 40 acres of waterfront property. Check out the campus and latest news on https://lifeatexpedia.com/seattle-campus Responsibilities: Construct time series and machine learning models to forecast critical business metrics such as transactions, gross bookings, marketing spend Lead ad-hoc analysis to understand unanticipated metric movements or forecasting variance and communicate results to other data scientists, finance analysts and senior leadership Design and build machine learning models to prioritize and classify anomaly detection alerts in order to guide trading teams and product investigations Build testing frameworks to constantly improve model iterations and compare the performance of models and communicate results with stakeholders You will collaborate closely with Finance, Product, BI and Technology teams to scope problems, deliver and implement solutions and dashboards Stay up to date with current Data Science techniques and identify new opportunities to leverage them for forecasting initiatives and Anomaly detection Required Skills/Knowledge/Experience MSc or PhD degree in any of the following fields: machine learning or computer science, statistics, mathematics with strong machine learning component; Hands on experience in machine learning, building datasets, selecting and engineering features, building and optimizing algorithms; 4+ years industry experience in time series modeling or machine learning, with significant personal experience as a data scientist Experience in the use of Neural Networks, XGBoost, GAM models for business metrics forecasting Advanced knowledge of at least one of these programming languages: Python, Scala Experience with statistics/machine learning packages such as Spark MLlib, Python (scikit-learn, pandas, numpy, scipy, Matplotlib), Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch etc. Good SQL/data manipulation skills required including cleaning and managing data Solid programming practices, ability to write readable, fast code Extraordinary analytical skills - likely to have been honed through relevant work experience in an analytical role
