Job Purpose: This position is responsible for employing advanced analytical techniques to create and drive adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. They will use data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. They will leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs, and present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making. They will create analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible. Required Job Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree and 3 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Actuarial credential or Master's degree and 2 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 6 years experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field. * Strong learning and growth mindset * Customer-focused * Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. * Must demonstrate proficiency in at least four of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing; 6) understanding of healthcare. * Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point. Preferred Job Qualifications: * Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or bachelors degree with significant healthcare experience * Strong conceptual understanding of statistical learning theory * Experience with SQL and related data access tools * Practical experience with open-source tools for machine learning and statistical modeling * Knowledge of general-purpose programming languages such as python, Java or C++ * Experience with emerging analytical tools and frameworks such as Spark, Dask, Keras, pyTorch, Flair and BERT * Experience in creating rich custom data visualizations
