Job Summary: Comcast shapes the future at the intersection of media and technology. We create world-class experiences that people love and trust and drive innovation that builds value. We bring millions TV, Internet, entertainment, sports and news, communications and home management, theme parks, television and movies. Comcast brings to life the best of what's to come. Comcast Enterprise Business Intelligence develops quantitative solutions that guide decision making within the organization. Core Responsibilities: - Interprets problems and provide solutions to business problems using data analysis, data mining, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statistics (e.g., network analysis, recommendation algorithms, NLP, propensity models). - Lead large scale projects that utilize online & offline data, structured & unstructured data, to connect customer and employee behavior to business outcomes. - Dive into large, noisy, and complex real-world behavioral data to produce innovative analysis of historical patterns in customer and employee behavior. - Convert complex data into insights and action plans. - Mentor and train junior team members in advanced analytics techniques and new ideas. - Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance. - Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary. - Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Job Specification: - Master's Degree Degree in Computer Science highly preferred. - Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Decision Science, Operational Research, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field. - Generally requires 7-11 years related experience. - 7+ years of experience working within an enterprise data warehouse environment (including SQL, procedural SQL, and ETL) in relational environments, cloud and MPP platforms (Teradata, Oracle, AWS, etc.) - 7+ years of experience in developing statistical models using Python, R, Weka, SAS, SPSS, MATLAB, etc. - Strong ability to work within distributed computing platforms, such as Hadoop, and associated technologies such as MapReduce, Spark, and Hive - Expert in at least 1 scripting and/or programming language such as C#, Python, Perl, Java, C++ - Experience in statistical modeling techniques such as regression, decision trees, neural networks, support vector machines, clustering techniques, etc.
