The Data Science team is at the core of Convoy's business. We build the models that power freight pricing, shipment offer relevance, auction bidding strategy, and other core services. The breadth of the problems space is huge, spanning machine learning, optimization, metric definition, econometrics, and prediction domains. And we have only begun to dig into the difficult and diverse problems in our two-sided marketplace. At Convoy you will be expected to work autonomously and own your domain end-to-end. You will collaborate with Research Scientists, Product Managers, and Engineers across the Product organization and interact with stakeholders across the company. You will be responsible for defining core business logic in our data warehouse, developing insights to drive product decisions, and building data science models. If you're curious minded and are interested in joining a company that is pushing the envelope of data science, join us. You have the following skills and experience Minimum of 5+ years of industry experience in BI or Data Scientist - Analytics roles SQL fluency ETL pipeline experience Experience with scientific/statistical languages such as R or Python Ability to break down high level business problems into concrete analytical solutions Strong communication and keen attention to detail Nice to have skills MS in economics/econometrics, statistics, computer science, operations research, a natural science or equivalent quantitative subject Experience in Data Visualization with Tableau or similar software Benefits of working at Convoy: Health & Wellness: Taking care of your health comes first. Convoy covers 100% of your medical, dental, and vision premiums, and 85% for your family. We also provide access to the gym and showers in our building. In-Office Happiness: Enjoy catered meals multiple times through the week, and fully stocked fridges and pantries to keep you running full. Commuter Benefits: We transport the world; the least we can do is help get you to work. Every employee receives a fully paid Orca Card to get you around on the bus, light rail, or water taxi. We also provide locked bike storage if you prefer to pedal in. Time Off: Life outside of work matters! Convoy has a flexible vacation policy, so take the time off you need- we don't track vacation or sick time. We also offer generous parental leave for those expecting new additions to their family. Compensation: We offer market competitive compensation, including stock options and a 401k plan to help save for retirement.
