Putnam's Digital Technology division is embarking on a transformation initiative to create the next generation Digital Platform that will power all of our products and processes. The Data platform is the core element of this platform. The Data Science Center of Excellence is at the crux of this initiative and we are currently seeking to add another data scientist who is passionate about using data to improve and grow every aspect of the business. PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Lead a functional team, work with Senior Business Partners, Data Stewards, and Digital Technology teams to initiate and convert business problems into analytics problems in order to create actionable insights for the business to leverage. Lead a project from ideation to model design to implementation. Do independent research, make technical approach decisions and be proactive in identifying new ways to solve a problem. Model complex problems, discover insights and opportunities using methods in machine learning, statistics, programming, and experiment design. Build, maintain and foster strong partnership with the business. Work with large and varied datasets to create new datasets and process both structured and unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis. Write production-ready code to implement data pipelines and machine learning models. Lead the team to develop scalable, reproducible workflows and deliverables. Present results in a visual and intuitive manner. Help more junior members in the team to grow. Take ownership of team building. MINIMUM EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS Advanced degree in Data Science or Quantitative field (or Bachelor's degree with 5+ years' experience) ESSENTIAL SKILLS REQUIRED Passion for solving complex problems and searching for the best approach to a problem Strong critical thinking skills Strong ability to quickly grasp deep understanding of our business Expert in building machine learning and statistical models (classification, regression, clustering, etc.) Profound understanding of statistics and machine learning Advanced proficiency in a high-level programming language such as Python Advanced proficiency working with databases (NoSQL) and applications to create ETL pipelines in SQL and other languages High skills in using data science languages and frameworks such as Python (pandas, scikit-learn, etc.) R, etc. Strong practical experience working with distributed systems such as Spark and Hadoop (Impala, Hive, HDFS, etc.) Experience in developing on cloud (AWS, Azure) Passion about using visualization tools to tell a story about data (Bokeh, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Tableau, ggplot2, Shiny, d3.js, etc.) Extensive experience building out production-grade data pipelines, applications, and platforms Interest in learning new languages and tools and love to stay on top of developments in the field Strong ability to work across disciplines to collaborate with data scientists, software engineers, and product teams Enjoy learning new programming languages and tools and love to stay on top of developments in the field Appreciate the importance of creating robust quality control processes for your models and data Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or equivalent Master's Degree preferred MINIMUM PRIOR RELATED WORK EXPERIENCE TYPICALLY REQUIRED: 10+ years of prior work experience preferred ESSENTIAL SKILLS REQUIRED: A passion for solving complex problems. Strong command of statistical models (classification, regression, clustering, etc.) and/or building machine learning Highly skilled in using data science languages and frameworks such as Python (pandas, scikit-learn, etc), SAS, R, etc. Strong inter-team skills to handle external dependencies Comfortable working with databases and applications to create ETL pipelines in SQL and other languages. Passionate about using visualization tools to tell a story about data (Bokeh, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Tableau, ggplot2, Shiny, d3.js, etc.) The ability to work across disciplines to collaborate with data scientists, software engineers, and product teams. The desire to learn new programming languages and tools and love to stay on top of developments in the field. Understand importance of creating robust quality control processes for you models and data. A detailed knowledge of several business processes, with the ability to understand and articulate new processes quickly. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to assess relevant facts, identify alternative approaches, and supply recommended solutions. Advanced written and verbal communication skills, consulting, and presentation skills Financial Industry Experience highly beneficial. Professional Skills: Organizational Skills Project Management Time Management Multi-Tasking Interpersonal
