Zillow Group is transforming the way homes are bought and sold. The Zillow Closing Services team is focused on streamlining all of the steps involved in a real estate transaction.We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our Decision Science team, focusing on insights to inform product strategy and improve operational efficiency. You will be based in San Francisco and work closely with teams in other offices and functions including strategy, product management, design, artificial intelligence and data engineering.About the role Inform the product development road map by driving objective, data-based decision making in goal setting and initiatives prioritization, design and success evaluation. Define key product metrics and leading indicators, develop tools and dashboards to make these metrics reliable and useful. Build key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis. Partner with product and engineering to implement, document, validate and monitor logging. Bring more rigor to statistics/experimentation so that we make optimal decisions with the data we have in assessing the impact of product initiatives. Perform exploratory analysis and modeling to support new features. Who you are You will not shy away from complexity or uncertainty. You will develop a deep understanding of our mission, business models, and personas. We want you to use that intuition you've developed (both in business and real life) to find opportunities for growth and cultivate insights from our massive data sets. An undergraduate or Master's degree in a quantitative field (e.g. science, engineering, economics, finance, statistics, or similar) or demonstrable experience within data science and analytics 5+ years of work experience involving quantitative data analysis and complex problem solving (preferably focused on operations or enterprise software). Highly proficient with SQL, using Python and/or R for data preparation/analysis/modeling, creating data visualizations with Tableau/Mode Experience with big data environments (e.g. Presto/Hive/Redshift) Able to apply past experience with A/B testing, experimentation frameworks and best practices to guide org in building this capability Able to effectively communicate and deliver findings and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders in a clear and compelling fashion Get to know us Zillow Group houses the largest portfolio of real estate brands on mobile and the web. We are on a mission to rewire the real estate transaction and are building transformational tools and services that make it easier for everyone to find and get into a home they love. We are working to create an on-demand real estate transaction experience for every stage of the home lifecycle -- for buyers, sellers, renters and borrowers - and we're well on our way. No matter what job you're in, you will play a critical role in making this vision a reality for millions of people.
