About the team Trulia Decision Science is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to support our product team. The ideal candidate is passionate about internet products, proficient in data manipulation & statistics, comfortable with providing technical recommendations & working cross-functionality to support ideas from inception to launch. You will be part of Trulia's Data Science & Analytics org, reporting to the Manager of Decision Science. As an advisor to our product team, you will work directly with leadership to develop reporting, extract key insights and provide actionable recommendations about our users going through the consumer funnel. You will be responsible for the design, development, and publication of automated reports, as well as the accuracy of the underlying data. You will take the lead on analyzing enormous data sets, utilizing scripting languages and statistical methods to derive key insights. You will be innovative in your work alongside hardworking and fun colleagues in a strong and engaging Zillow Group analytical community. About the role Utilize Adobe Analytics, Python, Tableau and SQL to pull data and provide analytical insights Report, monitor, track, and analyze traffic, engagement, and other KPIs Lead research efforts to identify product risks/opportunities and communicate them succinctly and effectively Build statistical models to predict interactions and segment users based on behavior Provide ad-hoc analytics support as needed, ranging from helping teams develop the question through tracking and implementation to analytics and insights Collaborate with the Decision Science team on building shareable data tools, maintain documentation, and participate in deep-dives to understand drivers of success Who you are 5+ years' experience in analytics, consumer-facing product experience Experience developing, maintaining, automating, visualizing, analyzing, and communicating reports to management Professional experience with statistical models, experimental design, and distributions (e.g. regression, clustering, factor analysis, t-tests, etc.) Proficiency in SQL, R/Python and experience with at least two of the following: Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, API integration, PHP, HTML/CSS/JavaScript In-depth knowledge of web and mobile analytics (Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics) Familiarity with Hive/Big Data and data tracking implementation You reside in both the trees and the forest, with the ability to think creatively, provide thoughtful/agile insights, and to thrive in ambiguity Creative, scrappy, and enthusiastic about seeking new solutions to problems and opportunities Get to know us Trulia's mission is to build a more neighborly world by helping you discover a place you'll love to live. Homebuyers and renters use Trulia's website and suite of mobile apps to get a deeper understanding of homes and neighborhoods across the U.S. through personalized recommendations, insights sourced straight from locals, and 34 neighborhood map overlays that offer details on commute, reported crime, schools, nearby businesses, and more. Founded in 2005, Trulia is based in San Francisco, and owned and operated by Zillow Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: Z and ZG). Trulia is a registered trademark of Trulia, LLC. At Zillow Group, we're powered by our inclusive work culture, where everyone has the support and resources to do the best work of their careers. Our efforts to streamline the real estate transaction is supported by our passion to empower people and enrich lives around everything home, a deep-rooted culture of innovation, a fundamental commitment to Equity and Belonging, and world-class benefits. But, don't just take our word for it. Read our reviews on Glassdoor and recent recognition from multiple organizations, including: Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (#69), Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity (#38), Fortune Best Workplaces for Parents (#31), Fortune Best Workplaces for Women (#20), Fatherly's Best Workplaces for New Dads (#37), JUST Capital 100 Company (#69), Bloomberg Gender Equality Index constituent. Zillow Group is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.
