We structure problems, extract and analyze data and present the findings to our internal clients. In addition, our analysts handle the communication and relationships with internal customers across Expedia Worldwide. We are an award-winning team of analysts resolved to push the boundaries of analytics and embrace new technologies. The Analytics and Revenue Management team is essential to the company's mission of becoming the world's most intelligent travel marketplace. Do you have a hunger to make a difference with one of the most loved consumer brands in the world? If so, this is the job for you! What you will do: Develop methodologies and tools to optimize our existing Brand marketing performance, actively identify use-cases to apply data science techniques Enhance and automate our existing ROAS methodologies for TV and other media, both online and offline Work directly with internal engineering and external vendor resources where appropriate to ensure optimization findings are scalable and repeatable Interact directly with multiple departments across the organization. Identify key analytical opportunities that deliver valuable business insight Who you are: You have at least 4-5 years' experience in a data science role, preferably in a marketing measurement context You have a deep understanding of advanced statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques and have frequently applied these to drive business value You have a high level of proficiency in building data science tools in either R or Python, especially with large data sets. Experience working directly within or alongside engineering teams is highly desirable You have knowledge of and real passion for Big Data. Experience with SQL & Hadoop required. Experience with unstructured data is highly preferred You have demonstrated the ability to work through complex business problems, identify opportunities to apply data science techniques, and partner with internal clients with a consultative approach You have well-rounded commercial knowledge covering product and marketing. Experience of ecommerce strongly preferred
