We're looking for a Senior Data Scientist in our growing Enterprise Data Science Team to develop new data science products using machine learning, natural language processing, data visualization techniques, and other forms of advanced analytics. The Enterprise Data Science team is also a Center of Excellence for data science at Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Illinois, New Mexico, Montana, Oklahoma & Texas. This person will spend approximately a quarter of their time promoting best practices in data science across the enterprise and leading and organizing technical training for the broader community. At the largest customer-owned and not-for-profit health insurer and fourth largest health insurer overall in the United States, you will have the opportunity to work with massive datasets to drive revenue growth, improve our operational and member-facing processes, and affect how healthcare is delivered to our members. An ideal candidate would be someone who loves working with data, demonstrates a continuous learning and growth mindset, possesses an interest in the intersection of healthcare and technology, and has an ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences. Job Purpose: This position is responsible for providing advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to analyze and collect data and construct solutions to business problems; performing complex statistical analysis on experimental or business data to validate and quantify trends or patterns identified by business analysts; constructing predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifying model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results; designing experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use. Responsible for aiding tactical decision making by using predictive and prescriptive remodeling; and extracting actionable insights by identifying patterns in structured and unstructured data. Required Job Qualifications: * Bachelor*s degree and 5 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Actuarial credential or Master's degree and 4 years of work experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical , engineering, physics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. and 2 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 8 years of work experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical , engineering, physics or related quantitative field. * Strong learning and growth mindset * Customer-focused * Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. * Must demonstrate proficiency in at least five of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing. 6) understanding of healthcare. * Experience in at least five of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing. 6) understanding of healthcare. * Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point. * Demonstrated mastery in one of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing; 6) understanding of healthcare. * A track record of independently delivering or leading the delivery of a complex analytics or data science project. * A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff. Preferred Job Qualifications: * Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or bachelors degree with significant healthcare experience. * Strong conceptual understanding of statistical learning theory * Experience with SQL and related data access tools * Practical experience with open-source tools for machine learning and statistical modeling * Knowledge of general-purpose programming languages such as python, Java or C++ * Experience with emerging analytical tools and frameworks such as Spark, Dask, Keras, pyTorch, Flair and BERT * Experience in creating rich custom data visualizations
