Overview PADI, the global leader in Scuba Diver Training, is searching for a full-time Data Scientist at our corporate headquarters in Rancho Santa Margarita, California. PADI offers its employees a unique culture centered around an active lifestyle, fun and hardworking colleagues, interesting work, competitive salary and outstanding benefits. We are an amazing company searching for amazing people to join our team! We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for using models to identify patterns or test the effectiveness of different courses of action. This involves conducting end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering, processing, modelling, presentations and making recommendation to drive and inform our business strategy. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This role will report directly to the VP Analytics & Architecture. What You'll Be Doing Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers Understand PADI core products and offerings, identify critical data problems, design and implement data-driven approaches for quantitative analyses and solutions. Mine and analyze data to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, campaign or ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Assist in designing and developing a process to develop, deploy and maintain models Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends Skills and Experience You'll Need to Be Successful In This Role We're looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field is preferred Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills Experience with programming languages such as Java/Python an asset Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. AWS or public cloud experience is preferred. Practical experience in building and shipping data solutions in the real world is a plus.
