: The Data Scientist Consultant (DSC) actively pursues new business opportunities for consulting engagements focusing on casualty and absence management data mining and predictive modeling projects. Upon acquiring new business, the DSC owns the remaining phases of the project lifecycle: definition/planning, execution and completion. The definition/planning and execution phases focus on identifying relationships across data sources to provide insight into the individual and environmental characteristics and factors that drive behaviors and outcomes in the casualty and absence space. Methods include basic descriptive approaches including trending and visualization to advanced causal analysis rooted in statistics and data mining techniques. The DSC interprets results and presents findings to clients coupled with solutions for preventing or mitigating future exposures in conjunction with product line teams brought into the project as needed and as outlined in the project acquisition process. Skills: Significant knowledge of statistics and data mining methods such as, but not limited to, various forms of regression analysis and decision tree techniquesFamiliarity with visualizations tools such a Qlik or TableauUnderstanding of data warehousing conceptsHighly developed communication skills covering report development, presentation, and meeting managementProject managementOrganized and collaborativeSelf-starter that works well alone as well as in a groupExperience: 7-10 years in the data science field; 1-3 years in consulting preferred; 1-3 years in casualty or absence management industry preferred. Education Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, or related field; Masters or advanced certificate in data analytics preferred. Chubb operates and we believe the best solutions draw upon diverse perspectives, experiences and skills. We operate in such a way where everyone, regardless of their singular background has the opportunity to contribute to our collective success.Chubb offers a competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits package including life, health and dental, vision, a generous retirement savings plan, disability coverage, stock purchase plan, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, and business casual dress. At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, transgender, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran, or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
