Hello,  
We have a critical position for you with one of my direct client in St Louis, MO. 
Please find below the job description:- 


  

Basic Qualifications 
1. PhD or Masters in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or a related discipline with a focus on operations research or optimization
2. At least 1 year research experience in applications of operations research
3. At least 1 year experience with Python programming
4. At least 1 year experience with CPLEX, GUROBI, AMPL or other solvers
5. At least 1 year experience with MILP and/or MIQCP
6. Ability to communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise and actionable manner


Preferred Qualifications: 
1. At least three year research experience with operations research
2. At least one year research experience with modeling language such as CPLEX and AMPL
3. At least three year experience with Python programming
4. Ability to implement new algorithms efficiently and rigorously
5. Knowledge and experience in machine learning 

 
For more details, please reach out to me at 
sshriyam@judge.com 

   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Creve Coeur, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Healthcare Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         626041
