Description: The Fort is the new hub for innovation and incubation at Fortive. We have the backing of a large company and the soul of a startup (a Fortune 500 startup, that is), and this is the place where that flame burns brightest. In The Fort, we combine forces to deploy disruptive technologies and explore new ways of thinking and working. We get out of the office and into the wild to observe first-hand what our customers most need to accelerate progress for the world. We observe, listen, prototype, experiment, analyze, learn, and iterate with passion and speed to fuel Fortive's growth and build the future. We scout breakthrough ideas and emerging trends from an expansive network stretching from Seattle to Silicon Valley to Shanghai and beyond. The Fort is built to make growth happen. We start up, we scale up, we shake things up. We face uncertainty head-on and wrestle it to the ground. We fail fast to move our customers forward. We move the needle so much it needs a new gauge. We turn What-if? into What's next? and How might we? into Wow, we did that! If building a data-driven app in a matter of hours or pushing the frontiers of AI or IoT before lunch sounds like your kind of thing, The Fort just might be your kind of place. Your Impact You are collaborative, proactive, adaptable, and gritty. You excel at facilitating and reconciling inputs across teams. You balance a passion for deep understanding of innovation with the ability to deliver extraordinary results. These are the traits we value: Ability to Deliver Results: A track record of setting vision and strategy, organize and lead a team, and implement to meet and exceed expectations. Entrepreneurial Attitude: A proactive outlook that provides the chutzpah needed to overcome barriers, creatively problem solve, and challenge conventional thinking. Comfort with Ambiguity: A willingness and aptitude for spending time in and thriving with deep uncertainty and environments where there is no clear "right answer". Passion for Innovation: A demonstrated interest and desire to participate in innovation through personal study, on-the-job initiative, or other endeavors. Positive Outlook: A desire to look past the challenged in search of the opportunity. Empathy & a Teacher's Mindset: The ability to teach and mentor effectively, successfully facilitate teams and different personalities in training sessions, and to care deeply about his/her colleague's growth, understanding, and experience. Bias for Action: A need for speed; demonstrated ability to make decisions quickly and to act upon them. Alongside a team of entrepreneurial, high-performing, curious people, you'll deliver breakthrough solutions to drive sustainable growth for Fortive. As a Lead Data Scientist, you'll drive execution and play a vital role in building a culture of innovation at Fortive. You will build, manage, and inspire alongside a multi-functional team, that solves for our toughest growth challenges. Lead Data Scientist Responsibilities: Manage, mentor, and foster a team of data scientists, machine learning engineers and big data specialists to build new products and services for Fortive's operating companies. Conceive, plan and prioritize data projects then guide execution in alignment with organizational goals and revenue projections. Deliver complete analytic concepts and solutions to the operating companies for deployment. Design and implement our internal Data Science toolbox and continually test and validate performance of data-driven products. Experiment with new models and techniques to build continuous improvement. Evaluate and recommend tools that can expedite our time-to-value and time-to-market. Act as an adviser to a wide variety of research projects using statistical analysis and modeling. Develop and automate reports, build dashboards to provide insights at scale; solving for analytical needs. Lead data mining and collection procedures to ensure data quality and integrity and act as a resource to help to drive the analytical scope and method for projects, including formulating and shaping the models Work with cross-functional stakeholders to understand their business needs and lead the formulating and complete end-to-end analysis to include: data gathering, analysis, scaled deliverables, recommendations and presentations to stakeholders. Qualifications : Qualifications: Required Qualifications: Master's degree (or its equivalent) in machine learning, data science, operations research, mathematics/statistics, or a related field. Demonstrated experience in statistics and Machine Learning Models, working with statistical packages and machine learning tools (R, Python, SAS, Stata, MATLAB, etc.). Work experience with an emphasis on quantitative research methods (Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics or related fields). Experience in translating analysis results into business recommendations and business questions into an analysis framework. Knowledgeable about creating complex data sets (SQL), data modeling and reporting. Strong presentation and communication skills including preparing and delivering management level presentations, with a knack for explaining complex analytical concepts to people from other fields Coding experience with Java, C++, Python, PHP or similar language. Deep interest and aptitude in data, metrics, analysis and trends. Applied knowledge of measurement, statistics and program evaluation. Preferred Qualifications: PhD degree Distinctive analysis skills and impeccable business judgment. Excellent problem-solving capabilities and critical thinking skills, while demonstrated independence. Previous experience building and guiding a dynamic team
