WeWork is the platform for creators, providing hundreds of thousands of members across the globe space, community, and services that enable them to do what they love and craft their life's work. Our mission is to build a world where people work to make a life, not just a living, and our own team members are central to that goal. We are building software for physical space that uses data and technology at each point in the building process, such that it can make better sourcing decisions, improve its designs, build faster and smarter, and ultimately improve the lives of the people working within its buildings. Our state of the art technologies and dedication to technological innovation are key reasons why WeWork has been able to scale from operating one workspace location to more than 600 in just over eight years. WeWork manages hundreds of buildings and serves hundreds of thousands of members around the world. Workspace intelligence is critical for building a community that enhances productivity, encourages innovation, and strengthens collaboration. Workspace intelligence relies on data — how to gather it, how to analyze it, and what to do with the knowledge derived from it. We invest in areas such as pervasive computing, data management, machine learning, and computational social science to understand the environment, the people, as well as how they interact with others. Furthermore, we also analyze data in the digital world: We uncover social dynamics from digital communication including emails, messages and social networks. We collect, manage, and perform sophisticated analysis on a large variety of data that involve spaces, people, events, and their interplays. Responsibilities Conducting applied research in disciplines such as IoT (Internet of Things), sensor networks, ubiquitous computing, social network analytics, and machine learning Design and implement end-to-end solutions for ingesting, storing, and data-mining high-rate event data, e.g., those from large number of sensors Deliver high-quality code, in accordance with standard methodologies Partner with business units and Product team in selecting and implementing suitable technology that aligns with overall systems architecture and data strategy Collaborating with other cross-functional engineering teams, including teams that work on smart buildings, core platforms, growth and engagement, etc. Mentor a team of software engineers and data scientists, and help develop their technical skills Recruit and grow an extraordinary a world class team of engineers to drive the Identity space Requirements Ph.D. / M.S. in Computer Science or a related field 3+ years of software engineering experience Experience in Python, Java, SQL (or other programming languages and scripting languages) Knowledge in data mining, machine learning, data analytics, and database systems Experience with building data analytics and business intelligence systems Excellent written and communication skills, ability to communicate effectively to both technical and nontechnical audiences Diplomatic, practical cross-functional team collaboration (strong communication) Ability to break down a large vision into achievable parts Champion of security best practices Strong interest in scalable, future-proof architecture Nice to have Experience in container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes Experience in Spark, Jupyter Notebook
