Bluestem Brands, Inc. is the parent company to a number of eCommerce retail brands. We have one mission: to build a dynamic retail enterprise that wins with direct-to-consumer excellence and entrepreneurial-minded employees focused on serving our customers' unique needs. Our leadership is responsive and supportive, empowering those smart and passionate employees who drive our success. We are continually innovating and improving: we take risks, learn from mistakes and celebrate success as a team. You work hard, and you deserve more than just a paycheck. Bluestem works to do what's right for employees. From the big things (great benefits, employee discounts and incentive plans) to small touches (jeans-every-day dress code), this is the place you'll want to be. And we don't just talk about work-life balance, we try to live it. Join the Bluestem Brands team to make an impact, be inspired and be valued, every day. We are seeking a Lead Data Scientist to be located at our office in Eden Prairie, MN. In this role, you will lead the Artificial Intelligence function to enable Bluestem to assess the Enterprise for opportunities and functional areas that would benefit from the introduction of artificial intelligence and share best practices to develop and implement creative analytical solutions that deliver significant incremental value. What You'll Do: Implements technology solutions to manage large amounts of data. Deploys state of the art machine learning algorithms to production environments for real time credit adjudication. Builds algorithmic experimentation framework. Designs and develops code and data pipelines that leverage structured and unstructured data integrated from multiple sources. Collaborates with Data Scientists and Analytics Professionals to create machine learning algorithms while driving innovation to help tell meaningful stories and add significant profitability to the bottom line. Work cross functionally across a variety of business domains (Credit, Marketing, Collection, Supply Chain, Merchandising, etc) Supervises a team of analysts. What You'll Need: Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in computer science, physics, statistics, quantitative analytics, business analytics, applied mathematics, engineering or other technology/quantitative/hard science. Ability to translate business goals to modeling approaches/methodologies and the ability to convey model results in a clear and convincing fashion to business leaders. 7+ years of experience with hands on statistical and machine learning skills applied across the whole analytics pipeline. Proficient in a broad set of analytic techniques - Random Forrest, SVM, XGBoost, regression analysis, hypothesis testing, CHAID, cluster analysis, etc. Ability to apply techniques using cross validation, bootstrapped resampling, bagging, boosting and ensemble techniques with both homogeneous and heterogeneous base learning algorithms. Strong programing and environment experience like SAS, R, MatLab, Python, Java, C, C++, including ability to write complex SQL statements. Knowledge in distributed computing tools such as: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Spark. Experience in shell scripting. Preferred Qualifications: Experience using Amazon Web Services (AWS) for cloud computing. Experience using code repository like Git. Experience working with various data serialization forms: XML, JSON, etc. Experience with building complex and non-interactive batch/distributed systems
