Share On INTRODUCTION The data scientist position is part of the DuPont core Science & Innovation competency in data discovery and data analytics. As Data Strategist, you will be a consultant to multiple business Research and Development (R&D) groups to help them understand and develop comprehensive data strategies and analytics solutions. You will be part of a team that work closely with internal stakeholders from emerging technologies, R&D, engineering, business and marketing, and other data/informatics teams in business units, to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. . You will be a critical competency in a fast-growing team that contributes to decisions that impact the company's growth and innovation. The role must understand the R&D process, data pipelines, and data analytics methods that are used to collect, structure and analyze data. You will work with stakeholders to understand business objectives, define key performance indicators, and provide relevant analysis, insights and recommended actions. THE ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES Your key responsibilities: Play a key role in the development of data integration and analytics strategies for various groups to help shape the future of what data-centric R&D look like. Evaluate business requirements and work closely with stakeholders to identify key business needs and translate them into a clear data solution. Focus on helping R&D organizations to achieve transformational change by designing, developing, and executing data solution and work streams or enabling these organizations to do so more effectively: Define and implement the processes, mindsets, technologies, and expertise required to convert data to action. Establishes a data roadmap, data management processes, and analytical platforms. Continuously strive to improve the effectiveness of data management strategy by identifying new opportunities for data and analytics to advance R&D needs as well as identifying and conveying data quality and gaps. Summarize and convey data findings to both a technical and non-technical audience. Remain current with emerging technologies and industry best practices; guide others on major strategies and methodologies. Prepare and deliver presentations and/or workshops to educate organizational leaders, colleagues, and other business departments. Stay current/relevant in and update job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities, reading professional publications, maintaining personal networks and participating in professional organizations. Other duties as assigned. Skills: Ability to conceive and portray overall needs and construct overall solution architecture. Ability to work well under pressure and within tight deadlines. Ability to communicate effectively (especially highly technical data to people without a technical background), drive consensus, and influence relationships at all levels. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills; sound judgment and demonstrated leadership skills. Eager to learn and support the business strategy and desire to work on strategic projects. Job Qualifications Your qualification profile: Graduate degree in science or engineering field. Minimal 3-years of experience in data science and data architecture (including PhD research). Experience working with cross-functional teams (business, data science, and IT) to ensure meaningful data collection or connections with responsibility for results, including costs and methods. Passionate and skilled with technology including: Statistics, Machine Learning, and AI in R and/or Python. Data Engineering experience with deep understanding of various data management, integration and visualization technologies (RDBMS, NoSQL, Spark, PowerBI, Spotfire etc). Experience with text data platforms and analysis methods (NLP, ontology, data linkage, Marklogic, etc). Computer Programming (XML, Jason, Angular, Java, etc.). Logical and physical data modeling. Other preferred skills: Cloud and PAAS, IoT, Computational Modeling, Image Analysis. Outstanding people and communication skills (i.e., the ability to structure and synthesize within your communication). Demonstrated experience with forming and implementing data strategy on management, governance, architecture, and analytics approaches. Well versed in the ingestion, transformation, movement, sharing, stewardship and quality of data and information. Experience in a fast-paced agile development environment, and an ability to execute against aggressive timelines
