About the Department Imagine transforming the face of biomedical research and building world-class protein technology platforms in a state-of-the art facility. That's what we do at Novo Nordisk Research Center Seattle, Inc. (NNRCSI). Our scientists apply cutting-edge technologies to early discovery projects within the diabetes and obesity areas, with the goal of bringing molecules to market. Such projects include identifying protein-based therapies for obesity, diabetes, and adjacent therapeutic areas, and researching the next generation of medical devices. At the NNRCSI, your skills, dedication and ambition will help us change lives for the better. In exchange, we'll offer you an opportunity to work with extraordinary talent, continuously learn and develop, and drive change to defeat diabetes and other serious chronic conditions. The team is comprised of collaborative, diverse and passionate people who have a true sense of pride in their work and are committed to helping others grow and develop in their careers. You'll also have a platform to engage with key stakeholders on a global scale throughout the entire pipeline process. And while changing the future of diabetes treatment is no easy task, we also recognize the importance of an enjoyable workplace, which is why we've cultivated a culture of fun, ingenuity and innovation. And our competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and support of a healthy work-life balance all add to a best-in-class employee experience. We are changing lives for a living. Are you ready to make a difference? The Position The Data Science in US Device Research will contribute to the Digital Therapeutics research team's effort towards exploring and creating new technology, being a world leader in data science within our fields, generating product ideas that all lead to game-changing offerings to patients and break new ground for research. The Data Scientist will support the team in identifying data sources and interpretation of the right data in order to give essential input to the design of attractive products that balance satisfying user needs with innovative technical solutions and business potential. Moreover, the Data Scientist will be responsible for developing Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) engines and working closely with other engineers to build AI/ML-fueled attractive products. This role will also help push the bar and define the future of what is possible to do with data science in Digital Therapeutics. Relationships The Data Scientist reports to the Head of Digital Therapeutics Research and Data Science. Internal partners include device engineers, software developers, technology scouts & partnership developers, system engineers, designers, anthropologist, medical doctors, IT supports, and others across US and Denmark. External relationships include relationships with commercial and academic collaboration partners. Essential Functions Contribute to the development of a robust understanding of diabetes and obesity disease states and physiology, and the molecular and physiological role of drugs and other factors relating to the diseases Demonstrate initiative in identifying and addressing unmet patient needs using data Contribute to the development and validation of ideas and their implementation in real world solutions Work with other team members including System Engineers and Product Owner to identify needs, derive requirements, and set acceptance criteria Implement the team' decisions on core technical platforms, and continually improve overall data science practices Develop therapeutic algorithms based on physiological, sensor, baseline, and behavioral data Iteratively design, code, train, test, deploy, and improve AI/ML algorithms Prepare and present written and oral reports and proposals to peers and management Actively mentor more junior data scientists Collaborate with external partners Capture new, relevant inventions in Novo Nordisk patent applications Demonstrate initiative in identifying and addressing unmet patient needs using data Physical Requirements 0-10% overnight travel required. Qualifications Bachelor's degree required. Master or PhD preferred 5+ years of experience in mathematical and physiological modeling, statistical modeling, big data analytics, and AI/ML. Advanced degree in Mathematical Modeling, Computer Science, or Statistical Modeling may be substituted for experience as appropriate Knowledge of at least 2 of the following is required: deep learning, Bayesian reasoning, recommendation systems, learning from semi-structured data, reinforcement or active learning, machine learning (ML) software systems, machine learning on mobile devices Proven programming skills across multiple languages including MATLAB, Python and R required Experience with data science tools such as Hadoop, Impala, Hive, Pig, Spark, Git, Jupyter, etc preferred Knowledge and/or professional experience in healthcare industry, especially disease management, is preferred Experience in regulated medical device development or in another regulated field is preferred Excellent written and oral communication skills Detail oriented with strong documentation skills Ability to develop and implement sound technical solutions to complex problems Ability to work independently and in teams, and to collaborate with external parties Demonstrated ability to generate valuable and relevant ideas, create concepts based on ideas, and develop new products based on concepts Ability to validate algorithms against clinical data, ensuring appropriateness of fit Ability to perform in-depth data analysis and present results and conclusions to engineering and leadership teams
