What you'll do Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally. Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships. Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis. Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets. Validate models and algorithmic techniques. Scale new algorithms to large data sets. Combine data features to determine search models. Research new techniques and best practices within the industry. Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog). Develop multiple custom data models to drive innovative business solutions. Translate business needs into data requirements. Collaborate with cross-functional partners across the business. Interpret data to identify trends to go across future data sets. Collaborate with project teams to implement data modeling solutions. Develop models of current state in order to determine improvements needed. A Staff Data Scientist is responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop multiple custom models and algorithms to drive innovative business solutions. Staff Data Scientists work on large project teams in order to provide analytical support and guidance to an assigned area on for large projects (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) within Walmart eCommerce. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology (for example, HBase, MapReduce, LAPack, Gurobi) and analytical skills to support their assigned project. Staff Data Scientists are the subject matter experts for statistical analysis and modeling for their project team. Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects by identifying customer and operational needs; developing and communicating business plans and priorities; removing barriers and obstacles that impact performance; providing resources; identifying performance standards; measuring progress and adjusting performance accordingly; developing contingency plans; and demonstrating adaptability and supporting continuous learning. Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates by selecting and training; mentoring; assigning duties; building a team-based work environment; establishing performance expectations and conducting regular performance evaluations; providing recognition and rewards; coaching for success and improvement; and ensuring diversity awareness. Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity by training and providing direction to others in their use and application; ensuring compliance with them; and utilizing and supporting the Open Door Policy. Ensures business needs are being met by evaluating the ongoing effectiveness of current plans, programs, and initiatives; consulting with business partners, managers, co-workers, or other key stakeholders; soliciting, evaluating, and applying suggestions for improving efficiency and cost effectiveness; and participating in and supporting community outreach events. Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. Minimum Qualifications Bachelor of Science and 5 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 3 years' data science experience. Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. Minimum Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor of Science and 5 years' data science experience OR Master of Science and 3 years' data science experience.
