Consulting Point is retained by one of the premier consulting firms to the US Federal sector.    The role of Chief Data Scientist is to lead large-scale, complex data science projects with major Federal agencies, whether in Homeland Security, Energy, Health, Finance or other areas of public life.  You will be developing innovative solutions for some of their most pressing issues, leveraging data science to bridge the gap between technologists, mathematicians and Federal agency mission. 
 This is an independent firm, without conflicts of interest, and one recognised as being a leading consulting organisation with a global reputation. Most of their work is strategy led, and their implementation capabilties in data science are top of the market. 
 Opportunities are open both in the broader Federal business area, and as a specialist in the Healthcare vertical. 
 Federal 
 The team work with agencies across Government, such as IRS, US Treasury, SEC, EIA, DoE, DoJ, Homeland Security and others., combining expertise in R, Python, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics et al. 
 Healthcare
 
 The team work with Federal Healthcare (Military Health System, Defense Health Agency, US Dept of Veterans Affairs, Medical Logistics, US Army Medical) and Private Healthcare firms to leverage Data Science & Machine Intelligence technology to introduce radical new solutions.  
 They work in Real World Evidence (RWE) Analytics, Electronic Health Records, Health Surveillance, AI, Machine Learning and Software product development focused on health analytics, bioinformatics, clinical informatics, and healthcare platforms.   
About You 
 Consultancy experience with a recognised leader firm in the data sciences at a project leading level.  Working with US Federal agencies in a consulting firm Experience in data science - analytics, data engineering, machine learning includng expertise in R or Python. Mentor staff at all levels, building internal capability Degree educated; Masters or Ph.D desirable but not essential. 
 Security Clearance 
 For purposes of obtaining US Security Clearance, you must be a US Citizen (can be a Green Card holder in Healthcare).       
 
 
  


Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Arlington, VA 22201 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7484_1487681773
