At StubHub, our mission is to bring the joy of live to fans globally. As the world's most trusted ticket marketplace spanning 44 countries, we enable fans to buy and sell tickets to tens of thousands of events, whenever and wherever fans want to be. Backed by award-winning customer care, StubHub's FanProtect™ Guarantee means every ticket is 100 percent guaranteed valid or you'll receive your money back or a replacement ticket of equal or better value. Our business partners include more than 130 properties globally across the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS, WWE, NCAA, Matchroom Boxing, plus Paciolan and Tessitura. StubHub provides the total end-to-end event going experience throughout the world. Our Values These actions and attitudes are how we approach our work and how we work together as a unified team. At StubHub, we are: Owners – We carry the ball. We act as one team, in it together. We live above the line as optimists and with a solution mindset. We are fully accountable for solving problems, both our own pieces and the whole. Fan First – We are the fans' biggest fan. We are the fan and the voice of our fans in everything we do. Driven – We push past the finish line, aggressively prioritize and focus on what matters most. We debate, decide, commit and deliver. Inventive – We play a new chord; we celebrate progress over perfection and learnings as much as success. We're agile because there is always more than one way. Courageous – We take big swings. We show up for challenges with resilience and persistence. We take risks, embrace failure as a path to learning, and speak up when we have a different opinion. Diverse & Inclusive – We harmonize. We assume positive intent, trust and empower others; bring a global mindset and seek out alternative viewpoints. The Opportunity: StubHub is seeking a Data Scientist to assist with development and implementation of a Revenue Optimization program that demonstrates econometrics and other core Revenue Management principles to drive increased sales at profitable margins. You will work with StubHub's Revenue Modeling & Data Science Lead to build pricing models and partner with other members of the Revenue Optimization & Growth team to deliver results at scale. You will also work across the organization with teams in North America to achieve meaningful metrics. You Will Develop Revenue Management strategies and tactics to improve key business objectives Build econometric and statistical models in R or Python to measure price sensitivity at a granular level and use the outputs for growth Partner with product and technology teams to implement models in production Collaborate with fellow Revenue Optimization & Growth team members to provide holistic recommendations for managing top-line growth and operating income Conduct analysis to inform data-driven insights for all pricing, promotion and growth-driving business opportunities Partner with the Revenue Portfolio Management team to evaluate options for North America GMs to manage their P&L Evaluate new opportunities for growth beyond existing fee/revenue structures You Have 1-3 years of experience solving revenue-related business problems using stochastic, heuristic or deterministic methodologies using analytical tools Exposure to and understanding of Revenue Management principles including but not limited to statistical segmentation, data normalization, market response modeling and price optimization. Possess skills required to (1) build models that measure price sensitivity and (2) develop pricing frameworks to gain additional volume while maintaining healthy profitability Strong intellectual curiosity and ability to understand and evaluate business constraints to ensure models and pricing frameworks are operationally executable Ability to query large-scale datasets (SQL, Hive etc.), use R/Python to analyze complex data and develop models, and use Tableau (or other visualization tools) to deliver insights at scale Collaborative personality with the ability to establish relationships with US and International teams to get results Familiarity with modern Machine Learning techniques (e.g., neural network, boosting) and passion for adopting new tools a plus Master's in Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or other applied mathematical discipline required
