Responsibilities The Machine Intelligence and Exploitation Department applies data analytics, machine learning, and statistical analysis to diverse data types in order to address our customer's analytic needs. The candidate we seek will work with team members across multiple internal organizations and customers to develop innovative data-driven solutions. Key Functions Provide expertise in data analytics and algorithm development supporting the integration, analysis and exploitation of diverse data sources with an emphasis on remotely sensed data. Ability to run and adapt existing machine learning, data mining and statistical algorithms for pattern recognition and anomaly detection. Ability to create, develop, evolve, and improve machine learning, data mining, statistical, and predictive analytics algorithms for pattern recognition and anomaly detection on large diverse data sets. Design, develop and advance new methods to extract information from diverse data sources using flexible querying methods, innovative visualization, and data aggregation/integration, data mining and analytical techniques. Ability to understand the physical phenomenologies in the data. Familiarity with data fusion techniques to help develop automated data aggregation applications. Ability to create modular, hierarchical applications that assist in the automation of human activities. Utilize technical knowledge to deliver high-quality support to multiple Federal Government customers including the oversight of other contractors. Qualifications Required Degree from an accredited university in data science, statistics, applied mathematics or computer science. (Degrees in physical science or engineering are also acceptable) A minimum of 12 years experience. Subject matter expertise in remote sensing and/or signal processing. Strong desire to gain experience in the application of machine learning, data mining, and statistical algorithms for pattern recognition, anomaly detection, and the development of predictive models. Strong programming skills in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, Matlab, C++, and JAVA are required. Python and is preferred. Strong problem solving skills. Strong written and oral communication skills. Must be able to work effectively within a diverse team of data scientists, software engineers, and intelligence analysts. This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance. Preferred Advanced degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, computer science, physical science or engineering. Strong software development skills. Experience in Deep Learning. Experience in Natural Language Processing. Background in signal processing, image science, imagery exploitation, spectral analysis, spatial analysis, and computer vision. Knowledge of commercial and open source statistical software packages. Experience developing data visualizations or visual analytics applications. Experience with a wide range of databases. Current Top Secret clearance with SSBI.
