Job Description This Research Scientist will contribute to our research activities by applying modern data analytics and machine learning on variety of structured and unstructured data from wide area of different industries such as automation, energy, healthcare, building automation and mobility with the goal to improve business insights and help various business units to gain competitive advantage in their markets. The Research Scientist will be responsible for developing new algorithms, publications and code prototypes as proof of concept in the new research area of Security, Safety and Compliance in collaboration with our security research group and also contribute to current analytics research for business analytics and monitoring. Responsibilities Research, design, and implement algorithms that power knowledge inference and online recommendations, based on Deep Learning/machine learning to consume various types of data Dive into huge, noisy, and complex real-world behavioral data to produce innovative analysis and new types of predictive models of engineering behaviors and manufacturing processes performance. Explore the untapped potential of big data for design, engineering and analysis tasks and devise revolutionary approaches. Advance the state-of-the-art in the field, including generating patents and publications in top journals and conferences. Apply deep learning techniques to large-scale, real-world problems. Fast prototyping, feasibility studies, specification and implementation of data analysis product components. Working with customers to understand algorithm requirements and deliver high-quality solutions. Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Candidate must have completed PhD or completed Graduate degree with 3+ years of Experiences in the field of Big Data Analytics, machine learning/deep learning. Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology preferred. Strong proficiency in Big Data tools and their configuration & setup. Proven in data mining, machine learning, deep learning, re-enforcement learning Capability for quick prototyping Excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal & written) skills in English a must Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude Strong collaboration skills and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment Flexibility and adaptability to work in a growing, dynamic team Demonstrable research and innovation track record as an intern or graduate assistant (publications, research monographs etc.) Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience Proficiency in security and compliance analytics preferred. Previous experience or knowledge in the field of probabilistic reasoning, uncertainty quantification, dimensionality reduction, decision trees, and design analysis is preferred. Proficiency in R, Knime, Hadoop and Spark In depth Knowledge in Software development in Java #LI-MD1
