About the Role The Revenue Optimization team focuses on building the foundations for pricing/yield management and inventory optimization through state-of-the-art analytics and predictive modeling. Our team is looking for an experienced Data scientist to execute on the vision for development of WeWork's proprietary pricing recommendation engine. We are looking for Data Scientists with strong mathematical backgrounds to work alongside our engineering teams to build the next generation pricing models for the real estate and co-working industry. The ideal candidate is one that is excited by machine learning at scale, eager to solve business problems using the findings of data and analytics, dive into the literature researching the right models, and develop and maintain production code that serve the models. Responsibilities Partner with Product, Data and Engineering teams to drive feature development end-to-end. Design, develop and deploy components of our ML products and platforms for feature engineering in production environments. Develop predictive and other machine-learning models to enhance and increase user adoption and acceptance of our pricing recommendation tools with key stakeholders across the organization. Perform exploratory analyses on various data sources (internal and external) with the goal of generating insights, such as new features, that can be used in our data science models or used as product features on our tools to enable better decision-making. Work with the rest of the product and engineering teams to implement and ship production-level code. Peer review other data scientists' contributions. Requirements Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related quantitative discipline is required (MS is a plus). 4+ years of Data engineering / data science experience. Expert knowledge of Python and SQL, or similar industry standard tools used for large-scale data analysis and modeling (e.g. sklearn, gensim, pandas). Ability to scope and drive end-to-end machine learning modeling projects. Demonstrate statistical competence (such as regression modeling, A/B testing, significance testing) Ability to work in a fast paced, evolving, growing and dynamic environment. Demonstrate personal initiative and strong ownership of deliverables. Ability to solve difficult and unstructured problems strategically and think creatively Self-motivated, results oriented, enthusiastic, and a creative thinker. Nice To Have Experience working with the AWS stack. Advanced degree (Ph.D. or M.S.) in computer science, mathematics, statistics, operations research or other quantitative disciplines. About WeWork WeWork Technology is bridging the gap between physical and digital platforms, providing a delightful, flawless & powerful experience for members and employees. We build software and hardware that enables our members to connect with each other and the space around them like never before. We augment our community and culture teams through the tools we build. We believe there's a macro shift toward a new way of working—one focused on a movement towards meaning and purpose. WeWork Technology is proud to be shaping this movement. We are a team of passionate, fearless and collaborative problem-solvers distributed globally with one goal in mind - to humanize technology across the world. We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
