This is a fantastic opportunity to work with petabyte streaming data exchanges and real-time data transformation technologies. Predictive analytics and machine learning technologies are and will be at the core of how Critical Mix services are delivered at scale. RESPONSIBILITIES Rapidly perform exploratory data analysis, generate and test working hypotheses, and uncover interesting trends and relationships. Preparation of large data volumes, data mining and model building, creation of system prediction and system optimization models. Analyze and model structured data and implement algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, data mining, econometrics, and operations research. Perform advanced analytics techniques to mine unstructured data, using methods such as document clustering, topic analysis, named entity recognition, and document classification. Build high performance predictive models similar to recommendation engines, churn models and behavioral segmentation. Embed the output of these models in the business, with a direct focus on improving data quality and retention and acquisition of members. Work directly with the engineering teams to implement real-time advanced learning services. SKILLS AND ATTRIBUTES Deep knowledge of statistical and machine learning approaches and problem domains. Computer Science or EE background (MS or BS) with strong coding ability and familiarity with Java, C++ or other OOP language. Expertise in one or more specific areas of research: neural nets/deep learning, signal processing or digital imaging, ensemble learning and system identification. Significant experience with cloud based service options and emerging service trends such as AWS Redshift, EMR, Spark. Preferably AWS services. Knowledge of data/analytical tools, including advanced SQL, relational databases; aptitude and willingness to learn new tools quickly. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 3+ years' experience in both R or Python. Experience in working with large, complex data systems to aggregate, organize, and prepare data for use in business analysis
