Requisition ID:

req7778

Job Title:

Statistician/Data Scientist

Number of Openings:

1

Employment Type:

Regular Full-Time

Shift:

First

Weekends:

Not Required

Location:

Athens, GA

Additional Details:

Statistician/Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics Talent Development Program

State Farm Insurance is seeking a statistician/data scientist to develop into a leader for our Modeling and Analytics Graduate Network (MAGNet), a year-round, long-term advanced analytic development program for graduate students at the University of Georgia. MAGNet analysts apply their modeling and analytic skills to a wide variety of real and relevant business challenges faced by the State Farm organization. The MAGNet co-lead position is an applied analytics role focused on individual project work with the intent to assume full management of the program in the future, and is located in our downtown Athens office adjacent to the University of Georgia.

MAGNet leads are responsible for the development, oversight, and review of all phases of MAGNet modeling and analytical projects, as well as leading a team of graduate-level individuals to carry out the work. Statistical areas of focus include but are not limited to: predictive modeling, machine learning, experimental design, computational and coding research, statistical analysis, forecasting, and research & development of new statistical/data science approaches. The role also includes coaching/developing the students into true analytic professionals, both from a technical expertise perspective and also “soft skills” such as problem solving, communication, project scoping/management, and presentation skills. Ideally the student engagement concludes with full-time State Farm employment offers. MAGNet leads also oversee day-to-day management of the State Farm office facility and serve as a liaison between State Farm and the University’s Department of Statistics. This co-lead role is a mix of MAGNet engagement and independent statistical consultation, analysis, or modeling work apart from MAGNet.

The role also requires collaboration and virtual partnering with full-time State Farm modeling associates throughout State Farm (very limited, occasional travel). Ongoing professional development is encouraged and supported through a variety of assignments, pertinent conferences, and advanced training.

Qualification Requirements:

M.S. or above in a quantitative discipline (Statistics preferred) with experience in advanced predictive modeling in an applied environment (Banking, Finance, Insurance)

Project or team leadership experience is desirable

2-5 years experience engaging in quantitative analysis to solve business problems

Experience in a variety of advanced modeling techniques – logistic regression, general linear and non-linear modeling, survival analysis, clustering, time series, machine learning, etc.

Knowledge and experience coding and using statistical software (primarily Python, SAS, and R)

Experience engaging in quantitative analysis to solve business problems

Excellent problem solving and communication skills, ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, and can work well with others

Formal or informal teaching/mentoring experience a plus

#LI-MV1
