Data Scientist

Log in

Share this

Find similar career opportunities

Data Scientist

Category: Development/Engineering

City: Birmingham, Alabama, United States

Position ID: J0919-1015

Employment Type: Full Time

Position Description:

Do you want to take your career to the next level? Are you ready to work with working with high-profile, enterprise clients? CGI is looking for a talented and data science engineer to join the CGI team located in Birmingham, AL. In this position, you will utilize your analytical skills to lead local clients to guide them on their data science journey. Plus, you will be part of a team of smart, dedicated people, like yourself, looking to make an impact with both internal and client stakeholders.

Your future duties and responsibilities:

Participate in the full software development life cycle from scoping, analysis, design, implementation, and quality assurance to delivery and support

Develop data analytical solutions using the toolsets and technologies identified below.

Use quantitative and analytical techniques to accelerate profitable growth and customer engagement - unlocking value across all functional areas of business

Assist developers and analysts in conceptualizing, validating, and prototyping solutions that meet business requirements

Required qualifications to be successful in this role:

Must have a consultative mindset and be comfortable working individually or with a team

Works with large, structured, and un-structured datasets

Uses Big Data tools (Hadoop, Spark, H2O, CDSW, Domino Labs, etc.) to build data analytics solutions

Builds machine learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) models from development through testing and validation

Designs rich data visualizations to communicate complex ideas to business leaders and executives

Draws insights from data to make quick, well informed decisions with available information

Primarily focuses on daily deliverables of routine and defined outputs, while at the same time developing knowledge of the broader context in which the work is being performed

Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms

Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets using a variety of tools like Python, R, Statistical Analysis System (SAS), or Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS)

Comfortable with both relational databases and Hadoop-based data mining frameworks

Advanced Structured Query Language (SQL) skills

Proficient in visualization tools like Power Business Intelligence (BI), Tableau

Experience in banking/financial services a plus

Experience working with Agile development teams

Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a proven track record in working with business users to manage expectations and address issues

Bachelor’s Degree

Skills:

SAS

SQL

Hadoop Hive

What you can expect from us:

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at USEmploymentCompliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned .

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here at https://cgi-veterans.jobs/ to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.
