Business Group Highlights

Intelligence

The Intelligence group provides high-end systems engineering and integration products and services, data analytics and software development to national and military intelligence customers. Serving federal agencies and the Intelligence Community for more than 50 years, the Intelligence group helps our clients meet their mission needs by providing trusted advisors, leading-edge technologies, and innovative solutions.

Responsibilities

Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data, including latent semantic indexing (LSI), entity identification and tagging, complex event processing (CEP), and the application of analysis algorithms on distributed, clustered, and cloud-based high-performance infrastructures. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases visualized through multi-dimensional interfaces. Handle processing and index requests against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills - engineering, physics, mathematics, coupled with the ability to code design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques and utilizing high-performance computing environments. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions. Experience with software development, either an open-source enterprise software development stack (Java/Linux/Ruby/Python) or a Windows development stack (.NET, C#, C++). Experience with data transport and transformation APIs and technologies such as JSON, XML, XSLT, JDBC, SOAP and REST. Experience with Cloud-based data analysis tools including Hadoop and Mahout, Acumulo, Hive, Impala, Pig, and similar. Experience with visual analytic tools like Microsoft Pivot, Palantir, or Visual Analytics. Experience with open source textual processing such as Lucene, Sphinx, Nutch or Solr. Experience with entity extraction and conceptual search technologies such as LSI, LDA, etc. Experience with machine learning, algorithm analysis, and data clustering.

The program is seeking a junior/mid-level Data Scientist/Systems Engineer who is an analytical thinker and practical problem solver capable of leveraging and exploiting data to drive key insights and intelligence to support the organization’s strategic and tactical goals. The Systems Engineer will play a key role in supporting the Data Science needs of stakeholders through custom and scalable reports, data visualization and analysis. They will perform complex engineering analysis of components of the Systems Engineering “V” and provide consultancy across a dynamic and evolving mission environment. Certain elements of the analysis will require an understanding of the IC’s Commercial Cloud Service (C2S) and an understanding of machine learning.

Responsibilities

Provide analytic support by assisting customers with accessing, analyzing, exploiting and visualizing data to inform strategic and tactical decisions for internal research and development projects being moved into Cloud environments

Define, track, and provide key insights on performance indicators

Develop benchmarks, measures, metrics and milestones

Support and advise on the creation of designs and method, process, and system development to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured sources including big data sources

Research and explore the use of machine learning to optimize technical execution

Research and explore emerging analytics and big-data technologies.

Optimize reporting through continued improvement in execution and visualization

Drive efficiencies using tools such as Tableau and Splunk to effectively automate metrics collection and minimize manual reporting

Qualifications

Required Qualificaitons:

Requires 5 to 8 years with BS/BA or 3 to 5 years with MS/MA or 0 to 2 years with PhD.

Clearance: TS/SCI with Poly

Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Data Science, Math, Engineering, Computer Science or another technical discipline; or have relevant experience in a Data Science, Systems Engineering, AWS, C2S, Machine Learning Role.

2 - 5 years of relevant experience with a clear track record of success in data analytics, measures, data visualization, systems engineering, machine learning, C2S and/or Amazon Web Services (AWS)

Define and solve unstructured business problems. Utilize appropriate quantitative and qualitative measures and methods to deliver robust and comprehensive analytical and technical solutions

Experience with systems in Cloud environments and/or moving data into systems in Cloud environments

Practical experience leveraging tools such as Tableau or Splunk

Experience in the area of data visualization (clearly presenting findings in an easy-to-understand layout and format) that demonstrates structured thinking and tailored results

Experience implementing complex technologies within the Systems Engineering Lifecycle

Comprehensive analytical skills; strategic thinker that can quickly extract key insights and craft a crisp, clear, compelling result that resonates with diverse audiences (technical contributors, subject matter experts, managers/leaders).

About Perspecta

What matters to our nation, is what matters to us. At Perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds. Our company was formed to bring a broad array of capabilities to all parts of the public sector—from investigative services and IT strategy to systems work and next-generation engineering.

Our promise is simple: never stop solving our nation’s most complex challenges. And with a workforce of approximately 14,000, more than 48 percent of which is cleared, we have been trusted to just that, as a partner of choice across the entire sector.

Perspecta is an AA/EEO Employer - Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled and other protected categories.

Options

Apply for this job onlineApply

Share

Email this job to a friendRefer

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed

As a government contractor, Perspecta abides by the following provision

PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION

The contractor will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor's legal duty to furnish information. 41 CFR 60-1.35(c)
