At Lockheed Martin Rotary & Mission Systems, we are driven by innovation and integrity. We believe that by applying the highest standards of business ethics and visionary thinking, everything is within our reach – and yours as a Lockheed Martin employee. Lockheed Martin values your skills, training and education. Come and experience your future!

Lockheed Martin Corporation's Rotary & Mission Systems (RMS) business is in search of an astute software engineering professional to join our team. The engineer will support multiple programs and participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle (design, code, and test). The engineer will leverage RMS software engineering processes and procedures while performing their respective software engineering and verification activities.

In this important role the software engineer will collaborate with other engineering disciplines and program personnel and will participate in cross functional six sigma style product or process improvement meetings. Keeping up-to-date on emerging technologies and tools will be encouraged.

Will be flexible, motivated, dedicated, detail-focused, team-oriented, and capable of multi-tasking. This position is for a SW engineer with extensive experience in the SW Architecture definition, design, implementation, integration and test of complex systems. Will be expected to provide focused technical leadership on domestic and/or international programs.

Basic Qualifications:

Must have the ability to obtain a DOD security clearance to at least the Secret level.

Primary object is to identify and hire a software engineer with strong artificial intelligence, machine learning and/or deep learning programming experience and expertise. Identified candidate will be assigned to a project focused on Cognitive-based Electronic Warfare capabilities. Experience with designing, training, optimizing and inferencing of neural networks is required. An applicable educational background in software systems and software development techniques is required. A proficiency in Object Oriented Programming (OOP) using C++ is required. Linux operating system experience is required. Expertise in Object Oriented Analysis (OOA), Object Oriented Design (OOD), and Rhapsody are required. The ability to be flexible, motivated, dedicated, detail-focused, and team-oriented is required. The ability to multi-task is required. Strong interpersonal skills are required. Strong written and verbal communication skills are required. The ability to collaborate effectively in a team environment is required.

Will have experiences in Real Time SW Development including: Radar, sonar or electronic warfare signal data processing; distributed multi-threaded concurrent SW Architectures and programming; the latest in interprocess communication approaches, technologies and HW architectures including COTS HW processing and COTS HW networking; SW integration and test of systems; experience working in, managing and configuring real time operating systems to include kernel development and HW/SW interfaces.

Software leadership skills will be required, and previous experience is preferred. Technical leadership of a team of embedded, real-time applied software engineers. Demonstrated ability to plan/schedule software tasking, plan and execute Agile-based development efforts while maintaining and using metrics to assess cost and schedule status.

Specific role will be focused on internal research and development (IR&D) projects in the Electronic Warfare (EW) domain. Preferred experience with both ELINT and COMINT aspects of EW. Significant portion of the I&RD effort is focused on developing Machine Learning and Deep Learning based solutions to be applied to next generation EW systems. Experience with any of the following is desired: GPGPUs, CUDA/DIGITS, neural networks, Python, and/or ML/DL Frameworks such as Caffe, Tensor Flow and TensorRT.

Desired Skills:

Solid analytical/debug and SW/HW integration and test skills are desired. Software development skills to include C/C++/C# and/or Java are desired. Familiarity with Digital and RF logic design and test is desired. Experience with test instrumentation and MILSTD HW protocols (e.g. 1553, ARINC) and other interfaces (e.g. VME, Fibre, Ethernet, PCI, JTAG/1149.1) is desired. Experience with Ada, DOORS, VxWorks, or UML modeling tools is a plus. Experience with formal software testing, verification, and validation is desirable. Real Time Embedded SW Engineering skills are desired.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL:

Experienced Professional
