The U.S. Department of the Treasury has a distinguished history dating back to the founding of our nation. As the steward of U.S. economic and financial systems, Treasury is a major and influential leader in today's global economy. We have over 100,000 employees across the country and around the world. Come Join the Department of the Treasury and Invest in Tomorrow.
See Other Information for Locations
Positions are to be filled in the Large Business & International (LB&I), Data Solutions division.
Eight (8) positions are to be filled in any of the following locations:
Birmingham, AL
Fayetteville, AR
Little Rock, AR
Phoenix, AZ
El Monte, CA
Glendale, CA
Laguna Niguel, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Long Beach, CA
Oakland, CA
Sacramento, CA
San Diego, CA
San Francisco, CA
San Jose, CA
Santa Ana, CA
Lakewood, CO
Hartford, CT
New Haven, CT
Norwalk, CT
Washington, DC
Newark, DE
Miami, FL
Ft. Myers, FL
Jacksonville, FL
Maitland, FL
Plantation, FL
Tampa, FL
West Palm Beach, FL
Atlanta, GA
Honolulu, HI
Des Moines, IA
Chicago, IL
Downers Grove, IL
Schiller Park, IL
Springfield, IL
Indianapolis, IN
Wichita, KS
Louisville, KY
New Orleans, LA
Boston, MA
Brockton, MA
Stoneham, MA
Southborough, MA
Baltimore, MD
Lanham-Seabrook, MD
Rockville, MD
Ann Arbor, MI
Clinton Township, MI
Detroit, MI
Farmington Hills, MI
Flint, MI
Grand Rapids, MI
Pontiac, MI
Bloomington, MN
Chesterfield, MO
Lee's Summit, MO
Charlotte, NC
Greensboro, NC
Raleigh, NC
Omaha, NE
Edison, NJ
Iselin, NJ
Mountainside, NJ
Paterson, NJ
Las Vegas, NV
Albany, NY
Bethpage, NY
Buffalo, NY
New York, NY
Rochester, NY
Cincinnati, OH
Columbus, OH
Independence, OH
Oklahoma City, OK
Tulsa, OK
Portland, OR
Philadelphia, PA
Pittsburgh, PA
King Of Prussia, PA
Guaynabo, PR
Warwick, RI
Franklin, TN
Memphis, TN
Nashville, TN
Austin, TX
Farmers Branch, TX
Fort Worth, TX
Houston, TX
San Antonio, TX
Ogden, UT
Salt Lake City, UT
Norfolk, VA
Richmond, VA
Vienna, VA
Seattle, WA
Milwaukee, WI
Waukesha, WI
Kearneysville, WV
Martinsburg, WV
WHAT DOES A DATA SCIENTIST DO? The Data Scientist utilizes advanced analytical, statistical, and computer programming skills to develop data- driven solutions to difficult business challenges. As a data scientist, you are responsible for conducting data-centric projects to provide insight and informed decisions for mission- oriented programs of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), which may impact multiple program segments, divisions, the Service, or segments of the taxpayer population. This is accomplished by utilizing a wide range of technical competencies such as statistics and machine learning, coding languages, data wrangling, and reporting and visualization techniques. The Data Scientist may lead team or cross functional projects, and will apply critical thinking, problem solving and ability to communicate complex analysis to advance the use of data-driven decision making in IRS operations.

WHAT IS THE LARGE BUSINESS AND INTERNATIONAL (LB&I) DIVISION OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE? The Large Business and International (LB&I) business unit provides service and enforcement activities to support tax compliance of businesses and related entities with assets of $10 million or more, as well as small U.S. businesses engaged in international, U.S. citizens abroad, and foreign persons and businesses with a U.S. tax requirement.
As a Data Scientist, you will:
Serve as a technical expert with responsibility for the initiation, planning, implementation, controlling, modifying and executing of all or part of an entire project, including such tasks as formulation of workload estimates for program segments, specification of the methodology to be used, preparation of appropriate specifications and procedures, and review of computer systems specifications and materials and instructions needed for assuring the adequacy of the project’s design and objectives.
Explore novel methods of retrieving data and develop innovative recommendations to management and senior leadership as a means for making data driven decisions such as modification of processes and policies. Review, evaluate, validate, and document the results of the findings.
Assist the supervisor in determining the scope, goals and schedules for future programs in the Office. Collaborate with business or technology partners to understand business needs, identify opportunities, and develop and implement analytical solutions.
Identify and assess relevant data sources’ validity and reliability to meet project needs. Collate, clean, transform, analyze, and integrate structured and unstructured data from various sources in preparation for analysis.
Apply statistical methods and concepts including data mining, statistical theory and research procedures to test hypotheses using structured and unstructured data. Develop data product solutions to improve customer experiences, anomaly detection, and business outcomes. Develop proofs of concept or demonstrations to evaluate feasibility of project solutions and recommend visualization strategies.
Document project work and review deliverables for validity, reliability and timeliness. Communicate analytic solutions to technical and non-technical stakeholders, including during executive- level and/or cross-agency meetings, in a clear and effective manner using oral and written communications.
Maintain knowledge of state-of-the-art innovations in data science from both academic and industry sources and identify opportunities for implementation. Engage in general professional development to improve knowledge of IRS processes/programs.
Apply computer based mathematical/statistical techniques using software. Lead or participate in statistical projects or studies in survey sampling (design and estimation), modeling, or statistical research. Apply knowledge of programming/coding language (i.e., SQL, SAS, SPSS, RStudio) to develop scripts or applications.
Act as a troubleshooter in resolving bottlenecks at any step in a project by identifying and proposing solutions; this may include coordination with other project team members or stakeholders to mitigate issues.

WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.gov
#LI-POST
You must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement
BASIC QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:

GS-1530 Statistician All Grades:
You must have a Bachelor's degree that included 15 semester hours in statistics (or in mathematics and statistics, provided at least 6 semester hours were in statistics), and 9 additional semester hours in one or more of the following: physical or biological sciences, medicine, education, or engineering; or in the social sciences including demography, history, economics, social welfare, geography, international relations, social or cultural anthropology, health sociology, political science, public administration, psychology, etc. Credit toward meeting statistical course requirements should be given for courses in which 50 percent of the course content appears to be statistical methods, e.g., courses that included studies in research methods in psychology or economics such as tests and measurements or business cycles, or courses in methods of processing mass statistical data such as tabulating methods or electronic data processing. OR
Combination of education and experience -- courses as shown above, plus appropriate experience or additional education. The experience should have included a full range of professional statistical work such as (a) sampling, (b) collecting, computing, and analyzing statistical data, and (c) applying statistical techniques such as measurement of central tendency, dispersion, skewness, sampling error, simple and multiple correlation, analysis of variance, and tests of significance.
GS-13 LEVEL: You must have one year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes all of the following:
Experience applying project management principles on a data science project
Experience planning and executing a variety of data science and/or analytics projects.
Experience using data mining process models (such as CRISP-DM, SEMMA, etc.,) to design and execute data science project.
Experience preparing and analyzing structured and unstructured datasets to explorations and evaluating data science centric models.
Experience working with multiple data types and formats as a part of a data science project.
Experience applying a range of analytic approaches, including (but not limited to) machine learning, text analytics, and natural language processing; graph theory, link analysis and optimization models; complex adaptive systems; and/or deep learning neural networks that are part of the exploration.
Experience coding in various programming languages (such as R, Python, SQL, or JAVA) to conduct various phases of data science projects.
Experience creating and querying different datastores and architectures (such as Sybase, Oracle, and open-source databases) to work with various types of data as part of the data science project.
Experience using tools for data visualization (graphs, tables, charts, etc.,) and end-user business intelligence.
-The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-time work is considered on a prorated basis.
-To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume.
