About DENSO  
DENSO is one of the largest global automotive suppliers of advanced technology, systems and components in the areas of thermal, powertrain control, electronics and information and safety.  From automated driving to hybrid and electric vehicle components, we’re crafting the core technologies of modern mobility. We draw on the strengths of individual inventors who are joining together to become an unstoppable force for global good. With our North American headquarters located in Michigan, DENSO employs more than 24,000 people at 28 consolidated subsidiaries and 4 affiliates across the North American region. Worldwide, the company has more than 200 subsidiaries and affiliates in 38 countries and regions and employs more than 170,000 people. Consolidated global sales for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, totaled US$48.1 billion. 
 Job Summary  

  

Under limited supervision, provides comprehensive analytical support in order to maximize marketing and selling efforts within channels and categories involving more complex customers. Develops and Provides data management analytics, demand analysis and pricing support to internal category management department staff and other related divisions. Acts as a mentor to less experienced

professionals. 

 Essential Duties and Responsibilities  

  

1. Uses analytical, statistical and programming skills to build data sets in order to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns and produce fact-based data insights to help drive sales, profitability and customer relationships.

2. Identifies valuable data resources (Internal / Customer / Industry) and assess appropriate consumption methods.

3. Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company and industry data to drive business solutions.

4. Develops predictive modeling tools and algorithms to optimize business opportunities, customer experiences and drive internal KPI's.

5. Conducts quantitative and qualitative analysis on a variety of sources and then makes recommendations on business reviews, marketing plans and sales fundamentals.

6. Builds / Develops recommendation tools and reports that strengthen customer value and ensure profitable execution.

7. Works with other team members to create proposals and presentations for sales management and customers.

8. Interacts with category management consulting agencies as needed and coordinates any necessary legal approvals.

9. Implements selling concepts and tools to support category management projects.

10. Assists management with developing strategic short-and-long range plans for the category management function.

11. Responsible for acquiring market information on product pricing and establishing a centralized location to house all pricing information.

12. Collaborates with all business units to determine their ongoing needs regarding the acquisition and evaluation of pricing information.

13. Acts as a mentor to less experienced professionals.

14. Performs other duties as assigned. 

  

 Minimum Level of Education and Training Required  

  

Requires a Bachelor's degree in statistics, math, computer science or a related field and 5 - 8 years of relevant experience. Category Management Certification preferred. An equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted for the minimum qualifications listed. 

  
Preferred Qualifications

 Minimum Level of Knowledge and Skills Required  

  

• Strong knowledge of Category Management procedures and terms

• Excellent written and oral communication skills and good presentation skills

• Advanced level of experience using Microsoft Word, PowerPoint and Excel

• Analytical skills to interpret potentially conflicting data

• Experience in data mining / advanced data analytics

• Experience using Business Intelligence platforms (Tableau, DOMO, Qliksense, etc)

• Experience using statistical computer languages ( R, SQL, Python, Java, etc) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets

• Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (Clustering, Forecasting, Decision Tree Learning, Linear Regression, etc)

• Experience with deployment of advanced ERP (SAP, QAD, Oracle, etc) systems preferred

• Strong organizational and time management skills

• Strong customer service skills

 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Long Beach, CA 90899 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         5924_180000G8_2019
