ENERGY FOR WHAT’S AHEADAre you looking to make a difference in your career? We’re working on smarter grids, cleaner energy and tools to help people manage energy more efficiently.About Customer Service Southern California Edison’s (SCE’s) Customer Service Organizational Unit (CS) shares the responsibility to safely deliver reliable, affordable electricity to our customers. We do this through a focus on ease of experience, expert problem-solving, leveraging insights drawn from data analytics, and through meaningful and timely metric achievement.You are inspired to work in a company that is forward facing. You want to play a big part in making meaningful decisions. You thrive when using your organizational planning skills, and keen sense of vision, transform and lead an elite team, whose work directly impacts our customers. At the end of the day, you desire to build real change—for the better for everyone. Does this sound like you?Position OverviewAs part of the advanced analytics team, you will be working closely with clients, information architects, data engineers, project/program managers, and other teams to turn data into critical information and insights that can be used to make sound business decisions. This includes providing data that is congruent and reliable. You’ll need to be creative thinker and propose innovative ways to look at problems. You will work the mining of the data for insights, development and implementation of new and advanced forecasting models using advanced statistics and machine learning methods. You’ll validate findings using an experimental and iterative approach. In this role, you will need to be able to present findings to the business by testing hypotheses and presenting in a way that can be understood by business counterparts.The Data Scientist is responsible for developing and owning models, discovering insights, and identifying opportunities for SCE’s customers, using advanced statistical techniques. In addition to analytical skills, the Data Scientist should be proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, overseeing the development of advanced analytical solutions, and communicating results. Overall, you will be responsible for:Generating advanced analytical approaches including predictive modeling, optimization and simulation to generate business insights.QualificationsMinimum QualificationsBachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.Seven (7) years’ experience working in analytical fields.Three (3) years of experience data acquisition, data mining, data transformation, cleaning structured/unstructured data, advanced modeling, and machine learning.Track record of leading and collaborating on Advanced Analytics strategic initiatives. Proficiency in some combination of SQL, R, Python, SAS; expertise in extracting and transforming large datasets.Experience using machine learning algorithms.Experience with dashboards, business intelligence tools, and visualization solutions.Ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets.Ability to collaborate with people at all levels and with multi-office/region teams.Ability to lead small SME teams. Excellent written and oral communication skills and strong interpersonal skills. Strong problem-solving ability to generate actionable insights.Must thrive in a fast-paced environment and be able to work independently.Knowledge of one or more business/functional areas in Electrical Utilities domain.Desired QualificationsMS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informaticsCertification in Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics.In-depth industry/business knowledge in Electric Utility domain.Experience in leading and mentoring junior team members, and providing guidance on data science, and advanced analytics development.Strong Leadership skills and experience.Data modeling knowledge and skills.Data integration knowledge and skills.Data life cycle management knowledge and skills.CommentsCandidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.Relocation may apply to this position.Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years.SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.#L1-WT1
