Senior Data Scientist      

Location: Austin, Tx (local candidates only- no relocation)  
  Come work with the industry leader in IT products and solutions to help transform the way we do business. You will work with big data and apply analytics, machine learning (ML), artificial intelligence (AI) , and advanced statistical models to identify valuable insights that lead to cutting edge business transformations.  You will champion the data based business transformation initiatives resulting in informed and faster decision making and enhanced productivity. This role offers a high level of visibility within the senior most levels of Dell's cross functional organizations and the ability to influence real change.    
This role focuses on utilizing analytics and data science to enable Dell's business transformation programs through data based decisions and actions.   


Essential Requirements     
 You are passionate about asking and answering questions in large datasets.  You have a strong desire to solve business problems, and live to find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data. You propose analytics strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around you. 
 You are expert in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets with a variety of tools. You are accomplished in the use of statistical analysis environments and have experience with BI visualization tools such as Tableau. You’re comfortable with relational databases and are familiar with SQL, Python, and R.  
You desire a fast paced, collaborative and iterative environment. You love learning, data, scale and agility. You excel at making complex concepts simple and easy to understand by those around you. You’re driven to show the world the power of applied analytics.  
You are curious and enjoy diving deep into the data find an answer to a yet unknown question and have a natural desire to go beneath the surface of a problem. You are a thinker who can ask the right business questions. 
Experience in applied business intelligence with a record of success in designing and building large, complex, and horizontally integrated data sets 
Ability to analyze large data sets and formulate recommendations based on the analysis output  
Thinks strategically about uses of data and how to use data to enable business transformation and to drive competitive advantages        
Demonstrates intellectual horsepower in solving complex often ambiguous business problems using data based decision making     
Visualizes and effectively communicates data findings and insights creatively in a variety of formats 
Undergraduate Computer Science, Data Sciences or Engineering degree and 10-15 years relevant experience or Graduate degree and 8-10 years relevant experience Expertise in driving business results through analytics  


Desirable Requirements    
 Advanced knowledge of Excel, MS SQL , Tableau (preferred) &amp; Python (preferred) 
Business strategy skills to build the algorithms necessary to ask the right questions and find the right answers  


Benefits 
We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.

If you’re ready to develop cutting-edge software for a changing world, this is your opportunity to develop with Dell.

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 

DCAM1 
LIPriority 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Austin, TX 78716 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R034479
