Job Category:

Advisory

Opportunity Awaits at Altus Group!

We are looking for a savvy Data Scientist to join our growing team of analytics experts. The hire will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture. In addition, you will be in charge of data accuracy, data governance, and finding ways to visualize the data.

Job Responsibilities:
Responsible for data governance including implementing best practices.
Collaborates with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and fostering data-driven decision making across the organization.
Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Writes unit/integration tests, contributes to engineering wiki, and documents work.
Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Works closely with a team of frontend and backend engineers, product managers, and analysts.
Designs data integrations and data quality processes and framework.
Participate in or be part of NCREIF panels
Data Scientist Qualifications / Skills:
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service
Experience with or knowledge of Waterfall or Agile Software Development methodologies
Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Process oriented with great documentation skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service
Education, Experience, and Licensing Requirements:
BS or MS degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or a related technical field
The candidate will have strong working and conceptual knowledge of building and maintaining physical and logical data models and experience with Tableau, Domo or other business intelligence tools
Demonstrated ability to process & manage unstructured data
Knowledge in Cloud Infrastructure - Azure, GCP or AWS and related systems for data storage & management
Nice to have: demonstrated skills in SQL server reporting services, Tableau, analysis services, Salesforce, integration services, or any other data visualization tools.
4+ years of Python or Java development experience
4+ years of SQL experience (NoSQL experience is a plus)
4+ years of experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
Ability in managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients
Experience designing, building, and maintaining data processing systems
Nice to have: Experience working with either a Map Reduce or an MPP system on any size/scale
Experience working within a fast-paced, collaborative complex business setting
Excellent communication skills to convey technical messages to collaborative non-technical departments and personnel, leading to a positive outcome and the improvement in business performance.

Come realize your potential at Altus Group!

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
