Job no: 495396 Work type: Regular Full-Time Location: Bethesda, MD Capability Area: Statistics & Methodology

JOB DESCRIPTION:

At NORC, Data Scientists play a key role in working with our research teams to produce valuable insights for our clients. They also work collaboratively and help break down silos and barriers across NORC and help drive our innovative work. This position supports the development of the strategy and vision for large data analysis projects; may manage both the activities and the work product of data analysts; provide input and guidance to task leaders especially regarding data acquisition, questionnaire content, data analysis, and overall data dissemination; design, develop, and deploy algorithms, models, and work flows to discover valuable information in large volumes of data from various sources; bring structure to large data sets; evaluate the data, construct models, create business applications, and work closely with organizational leaders to provide input into strategic business implications for the organization.

DEPARTMENT: STATISTICS AND METHODOLOGY

Decision makers need reliable objective data and analysis to inform policy and allocate resources. In a time where modes of communications continue to evolve at rapid rates and reaching and engaging respondents remains challenging, the NORC Statistics and Methodology department plays a critical role in designing and implementing successful surveys and analyzing the resulting data.

The Statistics and Methodology department pioneers innovations in all aspects of survey research. NORC statisticians and methodologists help understand the cognitive processes underlying respondents’ reactions to surveys; design and implement rigorous, efficient methods for sampling from populations and weighting resultant survey data; and employ advanced techniques for analyzing and interpreting survey and secondary data. The department collaborates with all NORC research departments and the Academic Research Centers, as well as conducts research in its own field.

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Identify data from multiple sources, perform analysis and recommend applications to add value to project and corporate initiatives, provide insight into important business issues and/or solve a pressing business problem

Supports the development of the platforms and tools to enhance the organization's analytic capabilities

Work closely with project leaders on implications of the data for processes and decisions

Works collaboratively to develop hypotheses, design experiments and tests feasibility of proposed initiatives

Engage in business development activities including authoring various sections of the technical proposal

Train and direct staff on specific protocols and tasks

Perform other duties as assigned

REQUIRED SKILLS:

Master’s or Doctoral Degree in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, or Social Science related field

Strong foundation in areas of statistics, mathematics, machine learning, scientific methods of inquiry.

Working knowledge of different types of data that can be sourced whether from social media, administrative or sensor data.

Working knowledge of the methodologies and technologies for integrating data

Strong problem solving skills, quantitative/qualitative analysis skills

Ability to organize and prioritize work assignments to meet project needs

At least 5 years’ experience in positions of increasing responsibility, working with large datasets and conducting statistical and quantitative modeling, melding analytics with strong programming, data mining, clustering and segmentation. Domain expertise preferred

Experience in client communications and relationship management; strong technical writing skills, strong verbal skills; and data visualization/presentation

Able to explain technology, techniques and approaches to others

Strong data programming skills in statistical packages and database tools such as SQL, Python, R, Hadoop, Hive, MapReduce and/or other large data systems

WHAT WE DO:

NORC at the University of Chicago is an objective, non-partisan research institution that delivers reliable data and rigorous analysis to guide critical programmatic, business, and policy decisions. Since 1941, our teams have conducted groundbreaking studies, created and applied innovative methods and tools, and advanced principles of scientific integrity and collaboration. Today, government, corporate, and nonprofit clients around the world partner with us to transform increasingly complex information into useful knowledge.

WHO WE ARE:

For over 75 years, NORC has evolved in many ways, moving the needle with research methods, technical applications and groundbreaking research findings. But our tradition of excellence, passion for innovation, and commitment to collegiality have remained constant components of who we are as a brand, and who each of us is as a member of the NORC team. With world-class benefits, a business casual environment, and an emphasis on continuous learning, NORC is a place where people join for the stellar research and analysis work for which we’re known, and stay for the relationships they form with their colleagues who take pride in the impact their work is making on a global scale.

EEO STATEMENT:

NORC is an affirmative action, equal opportunity employer that values and actively seeks diversity in the workforce. NORC evaluates qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, and other legally- protected characteristics.

Advertised: September 20, 2019 Eastern Daylight Time Applications close:
