Data Scientist, OCI-190018GK

Preferred Qualifications

Oracle’s OCI Data Science is a high-quality cloud service that enables enterprise data science teams to build, train, deploy, and manage models on the Oracle Cloud. It provides a workbench to centralize, organize, and manage data science work; access to cutting-edge Oracle Cloud compute and data sources; and ModelOps workflows to increase overall quality and quantity of candidate models ready for production. With OCI Data Science, teams of data scientists from major Fortune 100 companies can deliver results to production faster and with more confidence.

For this particular position, your role as a data scientist will focus on providing guidance on product directions around data science features. We are looking for candidates of have a strong technical skillset beyond the understanding of the model algorithms and techniques.

 Develop overall product strategy based on measurable business value that aligns with overall strategy of the Oracle OCI Data Science service

 Develop an aggressively prioritized product roadmap by collaborating with engineering, marketing, and other stakeholders

 Lead the complete product development lifecycle in an agile environment from user-story driven product requirements to product delivery

 Develop technical proof-of-concepts (PoCs) and demos to de-risk feature development

 Help build an integration roadmap with other Oracle products

 Research the competitive landscape

Must-have qualifications:

 3+ years of experience in a senior/leadership data science role in an enterprise Fortune 100 companies, OR 3+ years of practical experience solving data engineering problems at scale

 B.S. in Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Physics, Economics, or another quantitative field.

 3+ years developing machine learning models using Python. Expert user of git and jupyter/jupyterLab.

 Deep understanding of the data science and machine learning space, especially the open source landscape in python.

 Experience with container technology (Docker) and orchestration technologies such as Kubernetes

 Experience with distributed systems in the machine learning sphere: Hadoop and any of its commercial versions (Cloudera, Hortonworks, Mapr). Experience with Spark is desired.

 Experience delivering machine learning models to production systems.

 Strong verbal and written communication

 Passion for building outstanding data science products

Additional desired qualifications:

 M.S. or Ph.D in a quantitative field, or MBA

 Experience leading teams using an Agile software development methodology

 Exceptional communication and presentation skills. You should be comfortable presenting to C-level executives, research analysts, as well as speaking at major conferences.

Detailed Description and Job Requirements

Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse “big data” sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.

Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers.

Job duties are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. May have project lead role. 5 years relevant work experience. BS/BA preferred.

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
