NEW Senior Data Scientist!!! 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Mark Metrakos, will get back to you with more details!

   

  A bit about us:            
 
      Based in Redwood City, CA we are a fast-growing startup that is creating a flexibility management software that enables the new energy grid, allowing providers and owners of large asset portfolios to deliver clean, affordable and reliable energy. Our solutions help more than 30 global energy companies to balance supply and demand, increase grid reliability, integrate renewable energy, and deliver value-added services to customers in energy markets worldwide.           
 
    
 
  As a member of the data science team you will develop AutoGrid's predictive controls platform. This high-performing forecasting, optimization and real-time control engine is the core component responsible for intelligently and continuously managing complex energy networks.     
 
    
 

  What can we do for you?    
  
  Competitive Base
      Salary!       
 
  Extremely Competitive
        Equity Package!       
 
  Flexible Work
      Schedules!       
 
  Accelerated Career
      Growth!       
  

  Is your background a
        fit? We are looking for…           
  
  Previous Startup
      Experience       
 
  MS or PhD in computer science, operations research, statistics or related field     
 
  Exposure to very large forecasting and optimization problems and techniques, including large-scale time series forecasting and stochastic linear programming.     
 
  Good understanding of algorithms, data structures and performance optimization techniques.     
 
  Excellent programming skills in Python, Java or C++  
 
  Experience building production python applications. Specifically, knowledge of the Celery and Django frameworks.  
 
  Hands-on experience with the energy industry.  
 
Understanding of and experience with Big Data / NoSQL frameworks, Spark, HBase, Hadoop / MapReduce, HDFS, etc.
 
Knowledge of relational databases (SQL)  

  Why join
  us?           
 
      We can offer you the opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art technology and make a meaningful and important impact on today’s society and the next generation! Help us revolutionize the energy industry and enjoy accelerated career growth with exciting equity stake in one of the fastest growing energy-solutions company in the world! Are you ready to take the next step in your career?    ​   
  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Redwood City, CA 94065 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Energy and Utilities 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000025050500
