Who We Are:

Malwarebytes is the next-gen cybersecurity company that millions worldwide trust. Malwarebytes proactively protects people and businesses against dangerous threats such as malware, ransomware, and exploits that escape detection by traditional antivirus solutions. The company's flagship product combines advanced heuristic threat detection with signature less technologies to detect and stop a cyberattack before damage occurs. More than 10,000 businesses worldwide use, trust, and recommend Malwarebytes. Founded in 2008, the company is headquartered in California, with offices in Europe and Asia, and a global team of threat researchers and security experts.

We've created a fantastic culture that our employees love and were recently named in the top 10 of Fortune Magazine's "Great Place to Work" list. We're pretty proud of all that too. We're growing fast and are looking for some great people to join us.

Who We Need:

At Malwarebytes, we are growing fast. As a result of our growth, we are looking for an experienced, customer-oriented Business Intelligence (BI) Data Analyst to analyze complex business problems and help provide data, metrics, and insights to our business partners within Malwarebytes.

What You'll Do:
Investigate data requests and any underlying data issues within a curated data store built for our business teams on Snowflake
Consult with users on self-service reporting and dashboards using visualization and reporting tools against the data store
Assist with the curation and transformation of data from raw data tables to curated data tables and data marts
Gather and document data requirements from executives and operational leaders within the business
Participate in development of and compliance with data governance efforts
Skills You'll Need To Have:
A minimum of 2-3 years of total experience, with at least 1-2 years of experience working with Data Warehousing concepts
Hands on experience with reporting and visualization tools
Experience with Snowflake, Looker, Tableau, is a plus
Excellent problem-solving skills
Strong understanding of business concepts
Exceptional communication skills, both written and verbal
Detail-oriented, organized, self-motivated, hardworking, and a great team player with strong interpersonal skills
Experience with NetSuite or Salesforce.com data structures is a plus
What We Offer:
An opportunity to do something great for yourself and the world
A great work environment that supports growth and development
Competitive compensation and benefit packages
401(k) matching program
Open time off policy
Stocked kitchen with healthy (and some unhealthy) drinks, snacks, fruit and lunch options
A company that enjoys having fun; holiday and summer parties, sporting events and lots of other great stuff
