Palermo Villa Inc. is interested in a high-energy, poised and confident individual to assist in the development of concepts, products and optimization projects through Palermo's vigorous consumer-driven R&D process.
The position will apply scientific and culinary principles in research and development. Develops the understanding of and ability to translate food trends into innovative opportunities, stimulate new food ideas and product concepts.

Identify, evaluate and develop potential new product development opportunities. From bench-top samples to commercialized products and finished product specifications
Assist in food product formulation from bench top to commercialization using a continuously developing skill set in food formulation and processing equipment capability understanding.
Applies an analytical approach to the solution of a wide variety of problems and assimilates the details and significance of various scientific analyses, procedures, and tests
Demonstrates initiative, creativity and thoroughness in the execution of complex projects
Plans and conducts independent research projects and participates in the development of project objectives
Contributes to the development of project strategies and recommends technical direction to management
Evaluates technical trends in their specific area of expertise or assignment and makes recommendations for process or product improvements and identify opportunities for new or improved process or products
Organize and direct sample development for sales presentations, consumer testing and food safety assurance
Maintains written technical documentation and product and process specifications as pertaining to R&D
Utilizes or directs internal (manufacturing, engineering, marketing, quality systems, procurement) and external (suppliers, consultants) functional experts to resolve issues.
Assist in PR events, food shows and Sales presentations on key customer calls
Provide technical support/serves as product development contact for Sales, Customer and Operations

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The position requires 5+ years' experience developing products within the food industry.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to effectively present information to top management, public groups, and/or boards of directors.
Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Strong computer skills are necessary
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Food Science, Biology, Chemistry, Culinary or equivalent
