Job Description The Digital Data Scientist will use advanced analytics and predictive models to build the organization's understanding of consumer behavior. The person in this role will leverage a variety of first party and third party data sources to inform actionable business insights. The Data Scientist will have deep experience and advanced capabilities with a variety of tools to access, analyze, and visualize data. This person will have superior communication skills, with an ability to make advanced analytics concepts accessible to non-technical business partners. The right candidate will demonstrate "analytic curiosity," wanting to understand the why behind the what. The Data Scientist will collaborate cross-functionally and with executive leadership to define and execute strategies. This position will also work directly with internal and external teams and account to leadership to track and report on the digital marketing programs' performance. Technical Skills: Advanced Excel skills with a focus on formula development and creating macros. Extensive knowledge of SQL queries. Advanced SQL skills and demonstrated experience with modeling software; familiarity with big data a plus. Experience with machine learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series) Deep understanding of digital data sources and tags, with hands on experience in web analytics/testing tools Familiarity working with business intelligence platforms. Competencies: Knowledge of customer segmentation techniques and lifecycle management. Strong ability to collaborate and partner with cross-functional business partners and vendors to execute strategy. Must have the ability to handle a multitude of diverse responsibilities and work independently to achieve desired results; have sound judgment and business acumen. Understanding of direct marketing principles, and will have a demonstrated interest in and facility with "test and learn" strategies and data analysis Ability to effectively communicate technical work to non-technical audiences. Ability to multi-task and communicate effectively across teams in a deadline-driven atmosphere. Deadline management skills with solid oral & written communication and a rigorous quality assurance ethic. Education & Professional Experience: Previous experience performing quantitative analysis on datasets, including building an analytical framework, determining and sourcing data, querying the dataset, then developing actionable business insights Experience manipulating data sets and combining multiple data sources to produce valuable business insights. 3-5 years' experience in marketing, with a focus on direct/database marketing. 3+ years of experience using Excel for business analysis. Digital marketing experience is preferred. Undergraduate degree in a quantitative field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Management Science, Finance or other relevant area is preferred. Job Accountabilities: Understanding information needs and extracting data from a variety of sources in order to create analytics deliverables that meet those needs. Leverage models to address key growth challenges, cross-channel spend allocation, response modeling, and marketing program attribution Interact regularly with internal and external clients to provide data retrieval, integration, reporting, and analysis support for digital media initiatives. Use SQL knowledge to leverage large scale databases to derive data driven insights into consumer behavior Assist in the design and execution of A/B and multivariate testing strategies that deliver incremental response gains from customer marketing programs Work cross functionally with other Team Members on the development of analytical frameworks and models Able to develop and present analysis on advanced concepts clearly to both technical and non-technical partners in the context of how it will improve business results Mentor other members of the department with the developing of more advanced data science skills such as forecasting, and statistical test design.
