Our Newest Opportunity: The Data Scientist will help the company interpret and manage data and solve complex problems using expertise in a variety of data niches. He / she will apply advanced analytical techniques to develop tools that provide company-wide analytics insights, ultimately driving client retention and new sales for national responsibilities. The Data Scientist will work closely and collaboratively with the Strategic Analytics team and various colleagues throughout the field offices, as well as leadership teams, to support the National best-in-class analytics portfolio. This position will collaborate with executives and other business departments to execute a variety of analytical projects to improve processes and create efficiencies. Essential Duties and Responsibilities (include but are not limited to): Develop a cutting-edge benchmarking tool using big data from an ever-increasing number of offices throughout the country. Collaborate with regional market analysts to develop and support the national standard for analytics (i.e., benchmark data, demographic data, paid and incurred claims data, health and wellness metrics, cost forecasts, IBNR, network discount analysis, stop loss support, client stewardship/impact report, etc.) Collaborate with peers to consult around and roll out for their region an efficient and scalable product that will equip new business producers and consultants with data analytics that enable them to develop multi-year strategic plans for their clients. Leverage internal Marketing team and other resources to determine current and projected value of analytics tools and products for clients. Track results in current books of business to determine what is working well and how to leverage those results into marketing insights and client promotion. Support the local consultants from a training, implementation and consulting oversight. Analyze complex data sets to reduce costs and improve customer experience. Create systems for gathering, extracting, preparing data from multiple sources. Consults with business partners to understand problems and goals, understand business value, and translate into business opportunities to be captured through predictive analytics solutions Understand operational key performance indicators, report trends and patterns. Effectively communicate analysis with proper measurements and testing. Formulate enhancements through system optimizations and continual data analysis. Champion process improvements assessing pre-and post-process change. Collaborate across Operations, Compliance, IT, Finance or other departments. Qualifications, Skills and Requirements: Ability to understand business and applications, capture, organize and present data for making better decisions and creating competitive advantages. Must be able to abstract from ambiguous and sometimes conflicting information to identify opportunities for improvement and the critical business drivers and factors that influence outcomes. Ability to scope, manage and execute assigned projects with effective data visualization. Must have a foundation in computer science, modeling, statistics, analytics, and math, coupled with a strong business sense. Knowledge of technologies such as Hadoop, Apache Spark, Pig, Python, Hive and Java. Knowledge of Machine Learning and AI is highly desirable. Must be able to write and execute complex queries in SQL to carry out various operations (i.e., add, delete and extract data from a database) and carry out analytical functions and transform database structures. Ability to establish and maintain collaborative working relationships with clients and partners at a strategic level. Must have strong presentation skills. Must be able to travel within assigned region and to corporate office in Atlanta, GA. Education, Training and Experience: Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics or other relevant course of study is required. required. Master's or PhD Degree is a plus. 3+ Years of Experience in Insurance/Employee Benefits and Finance/Accounting is required. Healthcare underwriting, actuarial and/or similar analytical background, preferred; Experience with Microsoft Suite (i.e., Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Outlook, etc.) is required. Statistical modeling and exposure to big data implementations is required. Must be an Expert in Excel modeling and have general programming experience. VBA and SQL experience is preferred. Demonstrated ability in working with unstructured data (i.e., videos, blog posts, customer reviews, social media posts, video feeds, audio, etc.). Able to clearly and fluently translate technical findings to a non-technical team. Demonstrated skills in communication, leadership, collaboration, creativity, discipline, and a driving passion for truth in information.
