Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve client operations, processes, and environments. You'll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You'll develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior leadership make informed decisions. You'll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in both the private and public sectors. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we're dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world's premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You'll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We'll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -7+ years of experience in an analytics field, including data analytics, data science, or statistics -Experience with leading teams delivering data driven solutions in complex mission areas -Experience with data analytics and management consulting, including modeling, statistics, data visualization, strategic planning, and project management -Experience with developing new or maturing existing relationships with senior government leaders -Experience with developing solutions using data science and visualization tools and languages, including R, Python, Tableau, or SQL -Experience developing and reviewing final reports and deliverables and leading presentations on complex topics to federal clients -Ability to prioritize tasks and balance workloads across a team and raise risks in advance -Ability to articulate complex technical challenges and solutions to non-technical leaders -Ability to obtain a security clearance -BA or BS degree in Data Science or Analytics, Statistics, Public Policy, or Mathematics Nice if You Have: -Experience with launching new analytical projects or initiatives in data rich environments -Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills -Possession of excellent analytical skills -Ability to travel up to 25% of the time -Active DHS Suitability clearance -MA or MS degree in Data Science or Analytics, Statistics, Public Policy, Mathematics, or related field
