Hawkins Point Partners is looking to add a Data Engineer to their team in Cambridge, MA.

POSITION OBJECTIVES:
Leads complex data analysis, uses and explores data, languages, tools and software to best construct data for predictive modeling, tests the model, trains data to deploy the modeling within a complex R&D, Medical, Mathematical environment and a large complexity of IT systems and data.
Manages and develops technical existing and new computer science platforms to design, to analyze and implement complex and new data driven solutions, with an impact on the IT Structure and Architecture.
Interprets and develops advance techniques in partly structured and unstructured big data across different partner organizations.
POSITION ACCOUNTABILITIES:
As a Data Engineer, you will part of the Data Engineering and AI team. You will be tasked with creating an ecosystem to have the right data, to ask the right question, at the right time.
Apply advanced techniques to complex problems in R&D and other organizations.
Work directly with the Data Science in R&D along with other advanced analytics organizations across the company.
Apply advance techniques in structured, partly structured and unstructured data across different partner organizations.
Implement solutions for both big data and difficult to structure data sets.
Maintain up-to-data knowledge on modern data technologies, explores new platforms and beta tooling.
Independently use own judgement to identify data requirements and influences the design.
Influence new computer science platforms to design, analyze and implement complex and new data driven solutions that impact the company.
Provide leadership to complex data analysis, uses and explores data, languages, tools and software to best construct data for predictive modeling, tests the model, trains data to deploy the modeling within a complex R&D, Medical, Mathematical environment and a large complexity of IT systems and data.
EDUCATION, BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS:

Required:
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or equivalent
2+ years experience or relevant project / coursework
Up-to-date specialized knowledge of data wrangling, manipulation and management of technologies to affect change across business units.
Ability to manipulate voluminous data with different degree of structuring across disparate sources to build and communicate actionable insights for internal or external parties.
Possesses strong communication skills to portray information
Ability to work in an agile environment with high quality deliverables
Experience with two of the following languages: Java, Scala, or Python
Understanding of Web Services as well as JSON formats
Working knowledge of SQL and Relational Databases
Experience with at least one NoSQL datastore (Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4J, )
Experience with concepts of Hadoop and Spark
Preferred:
Additional Languages: Chef, R, Javascript
Experience with Multiple NoSQL datastores (Cassandra, MongoDB, Neo4J, )
Experience with data formats including Parquet, ORC or AVRO
Understanding of AWS (S3, EC2, Redshift, EMR, Athena)
Experience with a Rapid UI tools: EX: Tableau
Powered by JazzHR
