Position Description: Do you want to do something meaningful with Data Science? At Optum, we're leading the fastest moving industry in the world. Health care is transforming and we're innovating to help make the health care system work better for everyone. Our technology teams are working on projects with national and international visibility and impact. As a Data Scientist, you will join a company and a team that is finding solutions to transform terabytes of healthcare information into actionable data. Join us. Let innovation and performance fuel your life's best work.(sm) Optum Analytics solutions create a longitudinal view of both individual patients and patient populations. We gather, normalize, and analyze data from disparate sources that, uniquely, span the continuum of care--including EHRs, Practice Management Systems and claims. Our EHR data alone accounts for over 80M patient lives across the U.S. In this role you will have the opportunity to enhance data assets used across Optum's products and analytics targeting life sciences, payer and provider. Be part of a team that has a positive impact across Optum! Primary Responsibilities: Eager to tackle the challenges of extracting insights from vast amounts of EHR data originating from multiple sources Work with Optum researchers, clinicians, internal and external clients to define the projects and see them through to completion that cover a range of clinical focus Participate in the development of our end-to-end NLP pipeline Work with structured and unstructured data from conducting data exploration and data pre-processing (collecting, analyzing and cleaning), data annotation (data set creation, annotation specs design, working with annotators and reconciliating annotations), model development, evaluation, optimization and monitoring You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, physics, computational linguistics or related field 3+ years current hands-on development experience 2+ years programming experience in Python Experience in natural language processing or text analytics Experience with a variety of machine learning techniques and open source libraries, such as scikit-learn, tensorflow, keras, NLTK, or SpaCY Demonstrated experience with leveraging best practices conducting Data Science projects Strong prioritization skills; ability to manage ad-hoc requests in parallel with ongoing projects Preferred Qualifications: Experience with open-source distributed data processing frameworks, such as Spark Experience building scalable machine learning applications and deploying them in production Strong prioritization skills; ability to manage ad hoc requests in parallel with ongoing projects Experience working in a Linux environment Experience working on a development team building product Familiarity with EHR data and standards Strong communication skills Experience with SQL Experience with presenting complex data science processes/information to non-data scientists Experience with Information Retrieval and relevant tools such as Lucene, Elasticsearch, Solr Demonstrated experience with conducting projects from requirements generation, annotation, and modeling, through NLP output deliverables and management of internal/external clients Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world?s large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)
