POSITION SUMMARY We are looking for a Data Scientist who will be responsible for project management of Data Science initiatives in support of ADP Sales and Marketing organizations. He/She will be responsible for development and deployment of advanced sales & marketing analytics and various predictive modeling projects. The ideal candidate will be adept at exploring large datasets from multiple sources and derive actionable insights for Sales & Marketing teams. He/She must have strong experience using various data mining techniques and tools, building and implementing machine learning models. This position requires significant interfacing with BU Sales, Sales Operations, Marketing, IT and other functional areas to ensure project goals and business requirements are met. The right candidate will have the curiosity and passion to analyze large datasets and find solutions to drive sales and revenue. ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES Work with multiple stakeholders to identify, design, develop and implement advanced analytics projects that improve sales campaign targeting, sales productivity and provide analytical guidance to sales, marketing and business management. Formulate and define technical scope and objectives of all relevant projects. Develop market segmentation analyses to identify revenue and sales opportunities for Employer Service Sales and provide actionable data and business insight to end users. Run exploratory data analysis to identify external and internal data sources that can be used for B2B marketing and sales analytics projects. Use Machine Learning techniques to develop scoring algorithms to target best fit accounts for various ADP products. Partner with Sales Automation to deploy the scores to ADP CRM. Maintain and update sales predictive models as needed. Train sales teams on usability of account scores. Coordinate with Sales & Marketing teams to build predictive models to generate sales and revenue. Develop processes to monitor and analyze model performance and make updates as needed. Closely partner with the Business Units, Sales Automation and IT in the development and delivery of all BI projects. Project Manage all relevant projects including the development of detailed project plans and management presentations. Keep an open communications channel with all stakeholders to assure Business Unit requirements are satisfied and service level agreements are met. REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS 1A. Supervisor: Director, Data Science 1B. Supervision Received: General Supervision 2. Supervisory Authority: No direct reports. SPECIAL ACCOUNTABILITY Travel: Average 10-15%. May increase based on special projects. QUALIFICATIONS Education: Undergraduate degree in Math, Computer Science, Econometrics, Statistics Advanced degree in quantitative field (Math, Statistics, Computer Science) preferred Experience: Minimum 4+ years' experience in a quantitative analytics role Experienced in data mining and analytical techniques Any experience in developing marketing analytics model is considered a plus Experienced in developing predictive sales and marketing models including propensity to buy, demand estimation and response analysis Background in Direct marketing in a B2B or B2C organization is a plus Technical Skills: Proficiency in using SQL to query relational databases such as AWS Redshift Proficiency in data manipulation and machine learning using Python or R or H2O Knowledge of machine learning techniques including and not limited to clustering, decision tree, random forest, regression and their real world applications Experience in market mix modeling considered a plus Experience with using distributed computing tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark Experience with Tableau as data visualization and exploratory data analysis tool Experience with Salesforce.com and Eloqua a plus.
