Covaxx, a subsidiary of the UBI Group, has joined the fight against COVID-19 and is rapidly developing precision antibody-based assays and vaccine candidates needed to successfully manage and slow the rate of the outbreak. As a result, Covaxx is quickly expanding to meet aggressive development and production goals, and is seeking to immediately hire 2 Research Scientists for the Company’s ELISA laboratory.
The ELISA Research Scientists will lead assay development activities for the design and development of unique in vitro diagnostic immunoassays. These roles will contribute to the entire development cycle of innovative diagnostic tests for COVID-19, from the bench to clinical trials, regulatory approval, and market launch.
Additional Responsibilities:
Design, plan, perform, and document product development activities, including immunoreagent development, immunoassay optimization, and analytical/clinical studies
Translates top-level goals to specific project level goals for Associate level scientists.
Provide scientific leadership as well as operational oversight to the laboratory, including budgeting and resource allocation.
Provide oversight, guidance, and prioritization for multiple projects.
Oversee experimental design and execution.
Present scientific results, plans, and recommendations to a variety of audiences including scientific peers and company leadership.
Oversee ELISA/EIA method development and execution.
Provide training and mentorship to Associate level scientists and other technical staff.
Position Requirements:
D. with an emphasis in immunology, microbiology, cell biology, or related sciences.
Minimum 2 years of industry-based experience, post Ph.D., in the development of immunoassays, including assay design, optimization, and verification.
Minimum 2 years biotechnology industry experience strongly preferred.
Experience working under design control and familiarity with statistical tools and experiment design (Minitab or JMP) is strongly preferred
Effective written and oral communication skills with the ability to address multiple audiences.
Prior experience in a BSL-2 environment.
Work Setting:
All candidates must be willing to work on a full-time basis at Covaxx’s headquarters in Hauppauge, New York.
By submitting your resume through this posting, you are authorizing the review of your resume, including name and contact information, solely by Covaxx, Inc. and/or its authorized representative as a prospective candidate for the position described. Your submission will be deemed strictly confidential, and in no circumstance will your personal information be provided to any other individual or company without your written consent.
For further information go to: covid19searchpartners.com.
Long Island, Nassau County, Brooklyn, Queens, Brookhaven, Medford, Smithtown
