Overview The Data Science & Research Analyst, reporting to the Vice President of Finance and Analytics, under general direction with minimal oversight will work with our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to develop new insights, find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. A successful candidate will be a highly self-motivated, detailed oriented individual who is a naturally curious problem solver, capable of working either independently or as part of a group, in a professional environment. Additionally, he or she should be a pro-active problem solver who can think out-of-the-box to provide the best solution to problems. Responsibilities Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques, business insights and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Work with leadership and the analytics team to develop and monitor key performance indicators, highlighting trends and variances. Other ad-hoc reporting and analysis. Qualifications 3+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. The ability to think analytically, solve problems to complex business processes, and document results. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. Master's or PhD in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.
