Responsibilities Humana's Inc is seeking a Lead Data Scientist, focusing on Deep Learning. You will develop, maintain, and collect structured and unstructured data sets for analysis and reporting. Creates reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business strategy and tactics. Advises Executives to develop functional strategies (often segment specific) on matters of significance. Exercises independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks, and works under minimal supervision, Uses independent judgment requiring analysis of variable factors and determining the best course of action We will be building state of the art AI solutions in healthcare. You would be part of an exceptional multidisciplinary team, focused on deep learning, recommender systems, reinforcement learning, speech recognition, and image processing. Great opportunity to touch on different aspects of AI, share and learn from the team. Our dream is to bring personalized care and health insurance into reality. Required Qualifications Master's Degree 4+ years technical experience 2+ years project leadership experience A very strong machine learning background with deep structured learning/hierarchical learning and statistical modeling techniques Obtaining data from multiple, disparate data sources including structured, semi-structured and unstructured data. Experience with Deep Learning (ANN, CNN, RNN, Auto-encoders, GAN, etc. ) Good understanding of standard NLP techniques Deep knowledge and experience working with standard speech recognition toolkits Experienced in recommender systems Demonstrated experience in image processing, computer vision, image segmentation, pattern matching, Experience with cloud-based ecosystems (GCP, AWS, Azure) Successful demonstrated experience in working on problems of diverse scope and complexity ranging from moderate to substantial in a collaborative fashion alongside other individuals or teams. Experience in creating reports, projections, models, and presentations to support business. Specifically, has experience with Deep Learning models, AI development, agile software launching, Tensorflow experience, and/or working with data integration developers to assess data quality and define data processing business rules for cleansing, aggregation, enhancement, supporting analysis and predictive modelling activities. Ability to exercise independent judgment and decision making on complex issues regarding job duties and related tasks Ability to works under minimal supervision, using independent judgment Presenting complex analysis results tailored to different audiences (e.g. technical, manager, executive) in a highly consumable and actionable form including the use of data visualizations Preferred Qualifications Master's Degree Experience working with data from wearables and Internet of Things (IoT) Experience deploying ML and DL with wearables, apps, IoT, etc. Experience with deploying model pipelines across various technologies, such as Kubernetes or Docker. Interested in coaching and mentoring junior talent to grow next generation of Data Scientists Experience with Natural Language Processing, Keras, and/ or H2O Experience working in Agile environments (i.e. Jira)
