Location: UT MAIN CAMPUS

Job Posting Title:

Cybersecurity Data Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Information Security Office

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

UT MAIN CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

The University of Texas at Austin Information Security Office (UTISO) is looking for a talented individual who excels in crafting, implementing, and operating analytical solutions that have direct and measurable impact to UT, the state of Texas and thousands of other entities we support across the planet.

----

Job Details:

General Notes

This position requires you to maintain internet service and a mobile phone with voice and data plans to be used when required for work. Must be eligible to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer without sponsorship.


Responsibilities
As the data scientist for the UTISO, you will employ predictive modeling and statistical analysis techniques to build end-to-end solutions for improving cybersecurity controls, anomaly detection, and novel approaches to emerging threats and problems.
The UTISOs dedication to large-scale automation, rapid evolution, broad public outreach, and the enormous scale of state-wide networking resources present exciting challenges to traditional machine learning and data science techniques. On this team, you will leverage your creativity and curiosity to push the limits of existing data science methods while adding to our ability to reduce risk and defend against a wide array of threats.
Other related functions as assigned
Required Qualifications
Solid experience in curating, analyzing, extracting meaning from data and the stories that are represented. You thrive at recognizing and diagnosing data issues and know what actions to take based on your findings.
Practical experience with and theoretical understanding of algorithms including but not limited to: Linear Models, Neural Networks, Decision Trees, Bayesian Techniques, Clustering, Anomaly Detection, Normal Behavior Modeling
Working knowledge of relational databases, including SQL, Splunk and Splunks Machine Learning Toolkit
Ability to implement applications in a general programming language such as Python, Scala, or Java
Excellent data presentation skills, distilling complex analysis into clear outcomes
Creativity to engineer novel features and signals, and to push beyond current approaches
Relevant education and experience may be substituted as appropriate.

Preferred Qualifications
Experience applying your data science skills in a cybersecurity context
Experience with machine learning frameworks like PyTorch, TensorFlow, Theano, Keras
Experience with large-scale distributed systems such as Hadoop and Spark
Experience with natural language processing, analytics using very large data sets, and associated graphing/visualization techniques
Salary Range

$95,000 + depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
May work around standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The universitys company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2019 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
