What we're looking for: The Principal Data Scientist, Data Automation is responsible for delivering self-service tools and solutions including automated reports, business metrics and KPIs' that support the Citrix License Advisory Services team's primary charter of Software License Reviews (SLRs). This position relies heavily on a combination of advanced technical expertise, technical communication and business acumen. Handles advanced escalations related to business metrics systems. Responsible for overall data automation strategy, requirements definition, data gathering, measurement and analysis of licensing metrics for the CLAS organization. This involves interviewing key stakeholders and the management team to determine current, and evolving needs. Interprets data, identifies trends, and translates analysis into recommendations to improve effectiveness and support business strategy. Participates in a consultative capacity in global virtual teams to drive action based on metrics. Regularly interacts with IT with current strategic projects as well as, scalability. Engages with management team, licensing architect and other licensing SMEs to prioritize strategic initiatives, projects and goals. Responsibilities Works with management, licensing architect and other licensing SMEs to develop strategy for data automation tools, visualizations and systems to support the CLAS team's needs for licensing-related customer insights Designs and implements new/modified reports for current customer licensing state, as well as evolving customer licensing trends and patterns Develops advanced dashboards for management consumption Designs and Develops standard reporting using multi-dimensional data stores Responsible for identifying and presenting business process best practices that may be candidates for globalization. Ensures localized sales reporting, data models, and historical trend analysis implementations have the flexibility for future globalization. Responds to Ad-Hoc report requests as needed Works with CLAS stakeholders to understand their data and metrics needs to ensure valuable and effective KPI's Continually works to identify new opportunities to refine strategy, improve metrics and enhance insights from evolving datasets and platforms Participate as needed on global project teams as a licensing data SME to aid in requirements gathering and analysis Manages and defines systems, user acceptance testing, and best practices Adheres to data and system security best practices Anticipates and escalates data needs and required system changes Determines potential impact to data and systems resulting from projects, enhancements, and production support Conducts in-depth impact / what-if analysis of business process as well as systematic changes that may occur with licensing. Performs in-depth data analysis and provides recommendations for resolution for data integrity issues. Communicates and translates requirements effectively between functional areas and supporting departments Effectively translates business requirements into high-level design documentation and provides feedback on requirements submitted by team members. Consults on Business Requirements documentation sessions. Manages own time and deadlines appropriately. Accurately determines task duration and dependencies for own assignments. Communicates status updates to manager on a regular basis. Qualifications (Knowledge, Skills, Abilities) Superior problem solving and analytical skills of highly complex reporting and metrics scenarios Highly motivated individual that is able to work independently, as well as participate on team projects Ability to communicate complex ideas into comprehensive verbal/written communication to gain broad organizational commitment and alignment with business and IT, as well as all management levels within the organization Ability to work effectively with a variety of organizations, management levels, cultures, and personalities Must be well seasoned in business processes related to licensing, maintenance programs and renewals Experience with multiple complex databases, reporting and analytics systems Experience with data visualization and data blending tools (e.g., Tableau, Python/Bokeh, etc.) Experience with data mining and machine learning Advanced level of expertise using Microsoft Office suite Expert Excel user with ability to automate reports (Charts, Pivot tables, VLOOKUP, Macros, VBA, and database connectivity) Advanced understanding of systematic logic, reasoning, problem solving required Experience with Customer Relationship Management and Sales Force Automation systems such as Salesforce.com required Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio Advanced SQL knowledge required Has a thorough understanding of the people, processes, technology issues and a passion regarding customer service (internal and external) and delivery/execution Requirements (Education, Certification, Training, and Experience) Bachelor's degree in Management of Information Systems or related field required. Master's Degree in Business Administration or equivalent business experience preferred 5-6 years related data science, or reporting experience
