Data, and how they are used, play a central role at MasterClass and are at the heart of how we make business, product, content, and operational decisions. Our growing Analytics and Data Science team sits at the core of the company and collaborates with a variety of departments to drive decisions and provide direction for future growth at MasterClass. The team tackles challenging problems across many technical disciplines, including time series forecasting, causal inference, optimization, and machine learning. We are looking for an exceptional Data Scientist with a proven track record of applying advanced quantitative techniques and data visualization to solve business problems, and an expert at synthesizing and communicating insights and actionable recommendations to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication. How the successful candidate will contribute: Partner with various departments (e.g. Product, Engineering, Marketing, Content, etc.) to frame problems, both mathematically and within the business context; to measure and optimize products and business processes; to identify opportunities, assess risk potentials and explain trends; to drive audience and revenue growth Own end-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, deep analysis, visualization and models; communicate and present findings/actionable insights to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication Formulate and test hypothesis; design, develop and apply statistics, modeling, optimization and machine learning techniques to create scalable solutions for predictive learning, forecasts, personalization, anomaly detection, content ranking, selection, and recommendation Design, analyze, and run both simulated and live experiments (A/B and multivariate tests) to drive KPI improvement Own concepts, development, maintenance, and communication of dashboards and visualizations to deliver business insights Continuously improve the quality and accessibility of our analytical capabilities and framework as well as data reporting infrastructure Assist in data requirements gathering and data validations to improve data platforms Efficiently manage his/her own project queue and develop streamlined workflows What the successful candidate brings: Masters degree in a related quantitative field (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, Economics). PhDs are preferred. 4+ years of relevant working experience in a similar role, preferably for an online content, video, subscription or e-commerce property/platform Expert experience with data querying languages (e.g. SQL), scripting languages (e.g. Python), and statistical/mathematical programming languages (e.g. R, Matlab) Proficiency in using Redshift, PostgreSQL, RDBMS, Hadoop, Spark, or similar technologies Expertise with statistical analysis, applying various machine learning techniques, predictive modeling and data mining to solve business problems Experience with business intelligence tools (e.g. Looker, Tableau) and web analytics tools (e.g. Amplitude, Google Analytics, Adobe) Strategically-minded yet strong detail-orientation Proven ability to think creatively, solve problems, learn quickly, work independently, handle ambiguity, and adapt to change in a fast-paced environment Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication and presentation skills Exemplary relationship builder who is consultative in nature and form partnerships with coworkers and customers Ability to work full-time in our San Francisco office Legally eligible to work in the United States
