The Data Science team is a shared-service to the Consumer Markets organization focused on raising the bar for the enitire organization in data scince applications driving insights into action and action into value. Data science applications from ideation to implementation, the team will own, execute, and deliver, OR oversee and ensure quality, OR will act as an internal advisor to external teams depending on the level of complexity and business value of a given initiaitve. Additionally, the team has sole ownership of retail distribution strategy and optimization for both T-Mobile and Metro by T-Mobile brands. What you'll do in your role. This role is tasked with partnering with our technical teams and outside partners to design and build the data science and measurement systems that will drive our ability to create value, both for consumers and for T-Mobile. The Principal Data Scientist is an expert in emerging "big data" technologies relevant to consumer research and integration to create an omni-channel experience. The ideal candidate will have a deep knowledge of advanced applied analytic approaches (particularly causal inference, advanced modeling, etc.) as well as a strong vision of how data science and engineering can create value for companies. Responsibilities Partner with our Enterprise IT team, Web and Call Center teams as well as third party companies to define and build the strategy for our consumer data and analytic technology stack. Lead the implementation, assessment and standardization of toolkits for our data science, measurement science, insight management and visualization teams. Identify critical and emerging technologies that will support and extend our consumer data, channel integration and quantitative analytic capabilities. Provide senior level guidance to the data science and measurement science teams on approach and methodologies Gather, cleanse and analyze data, build mathematical models, and develop solutions for strategic enterprise level problems Perform exploratory analysis to determine key business trends and correlations Apply predictive analytics to build automated optimization models with minimal oversight Building and configuring ML algorithms and clearly articulating the methods, formulas and assumptions and how the algorithms are aligned to meet business objectives Explaining complex formulas to others who may not be experts in data science, mathematics, statistics Apply and advise on best in class data-driven decision process paired with forward thinking business and industry trends Partner with upstream data suppliers and analytics partners to continuously increase efficiency from raw data extraction to insights and data-driven decisions Act as the team lead for best-practices, quality assurance of team work, and final team filter for quality of methods and deliverables before handing off to leaders The experience you'll bring. Minimum 10+ years' experience in a Senior level data science role 4+ years' experience in working with third party data assets. 4+ years' experience in AWS, Hadoop, Web data, Social data. 4+ years' experience in SQL, Teradata, Oracle, or similar 4+ years' experience in Python, R, or similar Preferred Qualifications 4+ years' experience in telecom. 4+ years' experience in Apache Spark 4+ years' experience in retail footprint distribution optimization Education Masters/Advanced Degree in Research, Applied Analytics, or other quantitative field such as Statistics, Econometrics, Applied Math or Behavioral Sciences is preferred. Additional related work experience may be considered in lieu of advanced degree.
