A Career with Point72’s MI Data team
At Point72 MI Data, our Data Scientists sift through petabytes of unstructured data from diverse sources to discover trends and insights that help Point72’s Portfolio Managers create new investment theses. We combine an experiment-based approach with the strongest possible management support and the freedom to innovate unencumbered by bureaucracy. We encourage our Data Scientists to imagine the impossible, and provide the structure to bring those ideas to market in months, not years.
What you’ll do
Our Data Scientists conduct research through data mining and statistical modeling to discover insights from Big Data that are used by our investment professionals to make investment decisions. You will have the opportunity to work in a highly collegial environment that emphasizes teaching and learning as a team. In this role, you will:
Tackle the challenges of featurizing and modeling large and unstructured data using machine learning and statistical techniques
Manage all aspects of the research and execution process including methodology selection, data collection and quality, modeling and analysis, and performance monitoring
Deliver research findings to investment teams, portfolio managers, and other internal clients
Work within a team to help drive technical innovation through a collaborative R&D process

What’s required
We look for candidates with extensive knowledge in machine learning, statistical models, and data mining tools, and a proven track record of working with large structured and unstructured data sets to extract timely, actionable insights. Other requirements include:
MS or PhD degree in a quantitative discipline
3+ years of industry working experience in a role that requires advanced statistical analysis
3+ years of hands-on working experience with varied and complex data sets
Strong programming skills in the following languages: SQL, Python (preferred), R, Scala, Spark
Ability to think creatively and see the big picture as well as finer details

We take care of our people
We invest in our people, their careers, their health, and their well-being. We want you to concentrate on success and leave the rest to us. When you work here, we provide:
Fully-paid health care benefits
Generous parental and family leave policies
Mental and physical wellness programs
Tuition assistance
A 401(k) savings program with an employer match and more

About Point72
Point72 Asset Management is a global firm led by Steven Cohen that invests in multiple asset classes and strategies worldwide. Resting on more than a quarter-century of investing experience, we seek to be the industry’s premier asset manager through delivering superior risk-adjusted returns, adhering to the highest ethical standards, and offering the greatest opportunities to the industry’s brightest talent. We’re inventing the future of finance by revolutionizing how we develop our people and how we use data to shape our thinking.
