The Technical Systems Analyst I provides technical analysis and development for Business Process Modeling solutions. This position coordinates with business owners, business analysts, IT and vendor development teams to develop and facilitate the technical aspects of project delivery. This position is responsible for application development and will utilize third party tools to create new workflow applications. Work with multiple areas to identify, troubleshoot, resolve and support application issues. Effectively evaluate risks and downstream effects of new project functionality, enhancements to existing functionality, and updates for issue resolution.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Work independently, under general team lead direction, to develop and implement business workflow applications, utilizing vendor workflow application tools.
Provide maintenance updates to the existing workflow applications and configurations when needed.
Mitigate risk in application and workflow design.
Partner with additional development and analytic teams to deliver software solutions based on provided requirements.
Investigate and resolve application functionality related issues and provide Level 3 technical support and troubleshooting.
Develop and review audit and control processes to facilitate optimal service performance and operational integrity for workflow applications.
Coordinate application development for multiple projects.
Work closely with a 3rd party application developer to coordinate project deliverables.
Provide technical assistance to the workflow business analyst development team and to business users in the effective use of the workflow applications.
Create and maintain change control procedures for application implementations.
Assist web server administrator with application installation and validation.
Create and maintain system documentation and technical procedures, including documentation of system problems and resolutions for future reference.
Participates in Integration Testing and User Acceptance Testing (UAT).
Some travel by car and/or air in conjunction with local, regional and/or national travel, up to 20%.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Business or related field required.
1-2 years' related experience required.
Familiar with BPMN business modeling
Experience writing test driven requirements and use case scenarios
Excellent communication skills with ability to relay information well in both written and verbal form.
Self-motivated with the ability to prioritize, meet deadlines, and manage changing priorities.
Ability to effectively lead a project and see through to completion including post-implementation support
Ability to troubleshoot issues while evaluating the risk involved in resolution
Knowledge of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, testing (integration, user, and performance), implementation and support.
Ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.
