Responsibilities Our consultants on the Data Analytics team help clients maximize the value of their data. This high performing team helps clients implement advanced analytical techniques such as machine learning and artificial intelligence to define their information strategy, enable mission critical insights, reduce cost and complexity, increase trust, and improve operational effectiveness. Qualifications Minimum Security Clearance: Ability to obtain a US Secruity Clearance Minimum Years of Experience: 6 (8+ preferred) Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree in: Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, Economics, or similar quantitative discipline. Graduate degree preferred. Knowledge Required: Experience managing contracts, projects, or teams responsible for delivering data analytics services and products. Experience supervising multiple direct reports. Experience cultivating relationships with clients or other non-team member stakeholders. Ability to guide analytics initiatives, providing thought leadership and feedback to team members. Ability to create and manage project plans, and execute work accordingly. Ability to operate with a high-degree of professional skepticism, independence, and objectivity - including considering the big picture while meeting the client's analytics needs. Knowledge Preferred: Significant experience working with analytical models, methods, or techniques and the ability to apply them within the public sector, including: Statistical analysis; Advanced analytics such as predictive modelling, simulation, artificial intelligence, and machine learning; Quantitative business and operations analysis; Human capital analytics or financial management; Proficiency in an analytics programming language, such as R, Python, or SAS; Visualization skills such as Tableau, Power BI, or R Shiny. Knowledge of defense, national security, financial, healthcare, international development, or state and local government environment. Experience supporting business development, such as responses to government solicitations (e.g., RFPs, RFQs, RFIs), and writing white papers. Skills Required: Identifying and addressing client needs, building relationships with clients, demonstrating flexibility in prioritizing and completing tasks, identifying and assessing project risks. Communicating effectively to various audiences, including various levels of management and external clients, in a professional environment. Strong organization and self-management skills, willing to take initiative and follow through. Ability to handle multiple tasks and responsibilities. Contributing as a team member: understanding personal and team roles, contributing to a positive working environment by building solid relationships with team members; ability to work effectively with a variety of skill sets to tackle complex challenges. Skills Preferred: Analyzing large and complex data sets, with strong aptitude for conducting quantitative and qualitative analysis. Selecting and applying the appropriate analytical techniques to increase organizational efficiency. Additional Requirements This position requires successful completion of a background check and employment verification. Professionals in Guidehouse LLP may be subject to a government security investigation and may need to meet related eligibility requirements for access to classified information. The successful candidate must not be subject to employment restrictions from a former employer (such as a non-compete) that would prevent the candidate from performing the job responsibilities as described.
