Please review the job details below. Do you have a head for numbers? Like turning real world problems into mathematical representations and checking to see if you did it right? If you like that, you'll love developing algorithms with us! Our customers have some of the most interesting needs and hardest challenges to resolve. Our solutions require integrated models based on large and varied datasets, feeding analytic applications so that we can extract patterns and behaviors obscured within the data to augment the capabilities of human operators. Maxar is seeking an experienced and aspiring Sr. Data Scientist to work on all stages of the data science pipeline, to include applying existing machine learning software across large hyper-parameter trade spaces, developing new machine learning algorithms and evaluating the best the commercial AI/ML industry has to offer to our problem set.Why us?  We build advanced algorithms to gain analytic insights from a large range of open source and government data. We enable machine learning systems, automate workflow, and design and develop custom applications for unique national-security mission. We operate an end-to-end predictive analytic platform unlike any other within the US Government.  We provide training to expand your skills and challenges to develop them. Our client's missions are vital to national security, so we're mission-first always.  Our work environment is relaxed business casual.  At our core we believe and practice social responsibility.    What would you be doing?   Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open source data analytics libraries.  Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer data analytic results.  Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities.  Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements.  Applying data science methods to create and optimize convolutional neural networks that will perform classification, localization and segmentation of various modalities of remotely-sensed imagery.  Minimum Qualifications:  Must have a current/active TS/SCI and be willing and able to obtain a CI Polygraph.  Experience in at least one of these languages: R, VBA, Java, C++, SQL, Python.  Ph.D. in Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Science or related field.  Expertise in the application of AI/ ML using SAR data. Development experience in a Linux/Unix/Windows environment.  Occasional local travel to government sites for customer meetings and demonstrations.  Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning.   Experience with distributed datasets and experience analyzing both relational and NoSQL data structures.  Experience working in an Agile environment, especially SAFe.  Experience developing and testing models.  Experience with Data Analytics.  Basic systems administration and installation.  Build-test-deploy frameworks (Jenkins, GoCD, etc.).  Containerization platforms (Docker, OpenShift, CloudFoundry, etc.).  Desired Skills:  Ascertaining unique ways to apply algorithms to derive specific customer specific data analytics results.   Applying big data analytics tools to large, diverse sets of collection data to assess risk of adverse threat activities.   Extending existing algorithms as required to support customer requirements.  Knowledge of technical aspects of ISR systems.  Extracting and transforming data using programming languages such as Java and Python and associated open    source data analytics libraries.  Exceptional oral and written communications.  Organizational skills and excellent attention to detail.  Capability to work effectively in a geographically distributed development team. R05589
