At the intersection of technology, science, business and sports, Strivr offers an end-to-end, VR-based immersive learning platform that changes the way people around the world train, learn and perform. With a mission to elevate performance through immersive experience, we are redefining an industry in real time and shaping the future of learning.

Strivr was founded in 2015 out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab, using the football field as our proving ground. Since then, we have quickly expanded from the athlete to the enterprise, partnering with leading Fortune 500 companies including Walmart, Verizon and Fidelity to innovate and elevate employee development.

More than just content inside a headset, immersive learning provides realistic, high-impact experiences driven by L&D experts, instructional designers, data scientists, and immersive content specialists. Strivr offers the only end-to-end solution available today, bringing together the software, hardware, content and services needed to deliver effective training at scale.

Recognized by Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2019 and 2020, we take pride in our passion for innovation and we use that energy to fuel our work. Our culture thrives on teamwork, grit, transparency and impact, and celebrates every win. It’s an exciting time to join our fast growing team!

At Strivr, our Data Science team develops cutting-edge techniques to improve people’s performance in the real world based on their experiences in the virtual world. As a Data Scientist at Strivr, you will be at the forefront of defining approaches to Immersive Data Science and will be evaluating and optimizing user experience in the virtual world.

Your responsibilities:
Develop innovative approaches to measuring user behavior and evaluating performance in the virtual environment
Collaborate with partners such as Engineering and Solutions teams to instrument the data collection process and build ETL pipelines to obtain data required for your analyses
Implement approaches and communicate insights in a compelling narrative
Incorporate your research outcomes into the data product offering
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of industry experience as a Data Scientist
An advanced degree in a quantitative field (e.g Economics, Statistics, Sciences, Engineering)
Experience developing and implementing in-depth approaches, including statistical and econometric analyses and/or ML models
Experience building ETL pipelines
Proficiency with Python (or R), and SQL
Strong communication skills
Passion for using data to improve immersive experiences
