About Us:

NYSTEC is a non-profit technology consulting company, advising agencies, organizations, institutions, and businesses since 1996. Were independent and vendor-neutral so we have our clients best interests at heart. At NYSTEC, we know that we succeed when individuals and teams flourish personally and professionally, so our benefits and perks support this mindset. Are you ready to contribute to our engaged workforce and deliver the NYSTEC Experience?

About the Role:

As a Data Analyst in the Medicaid System Innovation practice, you will collaborate with team members to conceptualize, deliver, and support our clients through todays ever-changing healthcare landscape. NYSTEC is considered a trusted program advisor, providing subject matter expertise, and connecting the dots for our clients. Over the last five years, NYSTEC has consulted on some of the largest Medicaid initiatives and served in various roles across a multitude of New York State healthcare technology systems.

Serving as a Data Analyst, your day-to-day role as a NYSTEC consultant will include providing data analytics services to inform policy on key Medicaid programs such as Health Homes, DSRIP, Value Based Payment and other initiatives.

Key Responsibilities
Utilize Tableau capabilities to develop visual analytics to answer the questions from the business areas.
Provide data analysis support for the unit.
Quality control/testing support efforts utilizing data analysis skills.
About You:

Required Qualifications
Data analysis will involve the full analysis life cycle. Candidates must have the ability to understand the business use case, understand data, create and verify data analysis results and system outputs.
Strong technical skills in SQL and Tableau are required.
Education and Experience
A minimum of a Bachelor's degree with at least 3 years of related experience in data analysis is required. An equivalent combination of advanced education, training, and experience will be considered.
If youre an effective communicator who enjoys working in complex and collaborative environments, utilizing your critical thinking and research skills to develop solutions for clients, providing support to customers, and have the required education, experience and skills, we want to hear from you.

NYSTEC is an equal-opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, marital status disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future.

Learn More About NYSTEC www.nystec.com
