About Customer Service Southern California Edison's (SCE's) Customer Service Organizational Unit (CS) shares the responsibility to safely deliver reliable, affordable electricity to our customers. We do this through a focus on ease of experience, expert problem-solving, leveraging insights drawn from data analytics, and through meaningful and timely metric achievement. You are inspired to work in a company that is forward facing. You want to play a big part in making meaningful decisions. You thrive when using your organizational planning skills, and keen sense of vision, transform and lead an elite team, whose work directly impacts our customers. At the end of the day, you desire to build real change—for the better for everyone. Does this sound like you? Position Overview As part of the advanced analytics team, you will be working closely with clients, information architects, data engineers, project/program managers, and other teams to turn data into critical information and insights that can be used to make sound business decisions. This includes providing data that is congruent and reliable. You'll need to be creative thinker and propose innovative ways to look at problems. You will work the mining of the data for insights, development and implementation of new and advanced forecasting models using advanced statistics and machine learning methods. You'll validate findings using an experimental and iterative approach. In this role, you will need to be able to present findings to the business by testing hypotheses and presenting in a way that can be understood by business counterparts. The Junior Data Scientist will be working on solving business problems by helping to develop models, discovering insights, and identifying opportunities with the use of statistical techniques, visualizations, and succinct narratives to describe findings. In addition to advanced analytical skills, the Junior Data Scientist should be integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, applying advanced analytical techniques, and communicating results. Additionally, you will be responsible for: Some predictive modeling, optimization, and simulation to generate business insights. Applying pattern recognition techniques to perform descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive insights. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications Bachelor's degree in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics. Five (5) years' experience working in analytical fields. Two (2) years of experience in data acquisition, data mining, data transformation, cleaning structured/unstructured data, modeling, and machine learning. Track record of leading and collaborating on Advanced Analytics strategic initiatives. Proficiency in some combination of SQL, R, Python, SAS (expertise in extracting and transforming large datasets). Experience in predictive modeling and analysis, algorithm development. Experience using machine learning algorithms. Excellent written and oral communication skills and strong interpersonal skills. Strong problem-solving ability. Must thrive in a fast-paced environment and be able to work independently. Desired Qualifications MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics Certification in Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics. Knowledge of one or more business/functional areas in Electrical Utilities domain. Data modeling knowledge and skills. Data integration knowledge and skills. Data life cycle management knowledge and skills. Experience with dashboards, business intelligence tools, and visualization solutions Ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets.
