Amgen is seeking an experienced Data Scientist who will be based at our Thousand Oaks, CA global headquarters to join our R&D Compliance Analytics & Insights (CAI) team. The focus of the CAI is to advance the utilization of data through leveraging evolving analytics and machine learning techniques to unlock actionable insights. The CAI accomplishes this by supplying solutions that efficiently provide insights and intelligence to stakeholders in the Quality, Compliance, Audit, Learning & Performance (QCAL&P) organization as well as broader R&D functions. This includes data management and application of appropriate analysis tools to unlock actionable insights. A core component of the CAI is to ensure effectivity of the Quality Management System by analyzing data to identify signals that should be further investigated. Primary Responsibilities for the Data Scientist include: Participating on cross functional teams, projects and programs to systematically integrate data, derive insights and automate processes to address business challenges. Leading ideation and design sessions that enable business and quality system process owners to identify pain points and use cases where actionable insights from the data can more effectively address business challenges and enhance productivity. Helping sustain and improve existing capabilities while fomenting innovative approaches to efficiently achieve organizational objectives. Translating concepts and ideas into operational solutions including hands on involvement in architecting and coding solutions. Successfully executing data science projects to deliver business value from operational data. Partnering with stakeholders across Amgen to learn from and contribute to teams championing organizational efforts to advance data analysis and insights. Basic Qualifications: Doctorate degree OR Master's degree and 3 years of applied experience in Data Science OR Bachelor's degree and 5 years of applied experience in Data Science OR Associate's degree and 10 years of applied experience in Data Science OR High school diploma / GED and 12 years of applied experience in Data Science Preferred Qualifications: Experience with a variety of data analysis and modeling methods particularly in their application to business related and text heavy data. Proficient in SQL and Python and/or R. Familiarity and background with biotechnology processes, systems and regulatory requirements. Strong statistics and programming background, preferably with NLP. Familiarity with Scrum methodology and good software management practices. Strong communication skills with proven experience engaging directly with clients in developing data science, machine learning or other software solutions. Self-motivated and organized with strong project management skills to lead matrix teams. Join Us If you're seeking a career where you can truly make a difference in the lives of others, a career where you can work at the absolute forefront of biotechnology with the top minds in the field, you'll find it at Amgen. Amgen, a biotechnology pioneer, discovers, develops and delivers innovative human therapeutics. Our medicines have helped millions of patients in the fight against cancer, kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis and other serious illnesses. As an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for people around the world, Amgen fosters an inclusive environment of diverse, ethical, committed and highly accomplished people who respect each other but compete intensely to win. Together, we live the Amgen values as we continue advancing science to serve patients.
