With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the world's best networking company by solving customers' increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers' trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business. Job Summary This Data Scientist role is within the Black Lotus Labs Threat Research Team. This security-focused advanced team utilizes a variety of methods to find malicious actors, botnets, and other risk types in the Internet. The team is expanding our capabilities to utilize large scale data sets in this analysis and are excited to bring new talented members on-board to join in this exciting work. The Data Scientist is responsible for developing tools to collect, clean, analyze and manage the data used by strategic areas of the business. Employ techniques and theories drawn from mathematics, statistics, from the subdomains of machine learning, classification, cluster analysis, and data mining. Job Description Clearly communicate methods and conclusions with simple language and innovative visualizations to management and executives. Work effectively on a team as well as a self-driven individual to do research and develop cutting edge and effective solutions for the business. Provide expertise in analyzing and visualizing large, complex, and unique data sets. Create new insights that will drive business growth and profitability in the short and long term. Deploy analytics code with a continuous integration environment incorporating version control, build servers, and test servers. Design and implement programs and automation to collect, mash up, process and analyze distributed real-world data. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand complex business problems, build statistical models, and create predictive tools. Qualifications A strong applied mathematics and statistics knowledge Experience making actionable decisions out of seemingly inconclusive data sets Strong knowledge of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques and methodologies Experience with relational and non-relational databases Strong experience with tools for managing, analyzing, and visualizing large datasets Programming experience with two or more of Python, Lisp, Java, Scala, R, Matlab, Golang, or C++ Creativity and persistence in locating, extracting and analyzing any and all relevant data Problem solving versatility: making the best decisions possible given the data quality and time available Strong analytical thinking and ability to quickly pick up new methods, tools and programming languages Highly qualified candidates may have: Past success in extracurricular math/science activities or competitions Involvement through participation with community events such as meetups or security conferences related to data science Experience with Spark and Jupyter Knowledge of networking and telecommunications Experience with sklearn, pandas and numpy Knowledge of malware and network traffic analysis techniques User level experience in a Unix-based environment
