A Bioinformatics Research Scientist position is immediately available in the lab of Dr. Jinghui Zhang, Chair of the Department of Computational Biology, for a highly motivated candidate to perform computational analysis for understanding 3D genome architecture in pediatric cancer. The candidate with be part of the 3D Genome Collaborative Research Consortium formed by distinguished researchers at St. Jude, Dana-Faber Cancer Institute, and MIT. The candidate will develop innovative methods and perform analysis to determine haplotype phasing using chromatin contact maps and for investigating heterogeneity in 3D genome architecture at the level of single cell.

The successful candidate will have good training in human genetics and bioinformatics analysis. Additional training and experience in epigenetics and cancer biology are preferable. The candidate is expected to be a critical thinker, a quick learner for new analytical approaches, and capable of applying or developing novel computational methods for solving complex problems. Candidate must have a PhD, an excellent publication record, and great communication skills.

Recognized as a world leader of genomic research in pediatric cancer, the Zhang lab has led the characterization of the genomic landscape for over 20 subtypes of pediatric cancers with high-impact publications in Nature, Nature Genetics, Nature Methods, JAMA, Cancer Cell, and NEJM in the last five years. The lab has a well-established track record of developing and publishing novel and high-impact analytical and visualization tools for cancer genomic research. Research in the lab is facilitated by access to the wealth of high-quality data, state-of-art high performance computing facility, robust analytical pipelines, latest laboratory technology and scientific expertise in genomics, cancer biology, and mathematics and computer science. St. Jude provides a highly interactive and supportive environment for researchers career development.
Ph.D. in Molecular Biology, Biochemistry, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Bioinformatics or related field required.
Ph.D which must include research related to bioinformatics (such as analysis of sequence data, microarrays, SNPs, image data, proteomics data, or biological pathways; development of algorithms, statistical methods, or scientific software); OR If Ph.D with no bioinformatics research, then two (2) years of pre-or postdoctoral experience in Computational Biology or Bioinformatics research is required.
Experience with programming languages such as Perl, C, or Java required.
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.
