At St. Jude Childrens Research Hospital we collect and analyze significant amounts of data that can be used to discover better treatments and cures for catastrophic childhood illnesses. The Department of Epidemiology & Cancer Control has an additional interest in the study of long-term effects of such illnesses and their treatment. This position will serve as a member of our Databases and System team alongside existing data specialists and research coordinators. We are looking for a focused, detailed driven individual to coordinate diverse data sets in support of our survivorship research teams. This individual must be able to independently integrate, assemble, manipulate, summarize, document, and disseminate data from numerous disparate systems. In addition, this individual must be comfortable communicating with clinicians, epidemiologists, behavioral scientists, statisticians, and other research staff concerning various study data points. The best candidate for this position will be very comfortable programming in SAS daily and would be familiar with Tableau, SQL and R, working in clinical and longitudinal research data.
Assist in the analyses of research studies by supporting concept development, guiding data requests, and promoting a better understanding of the data among users.
Provide support of the statistical analyses of research studies by assembling, disseminating, and summarizing curated data sets.
Assist in the statistical analyses of research studies by using standard statistical software packages, system programs, and other software.
Maintains regular and predictable attendance.
Bachelor's degree in applied statistics, quantitative psychology, public health, biostatistics, or a related field required. Master's degree preferred
Four (4) years of data management, programming, or statistical analysis experience in an epidemiologic, behavioral, or cancer prevention and control environment required with Bachelors degree.
Two (2) years of data management, programming, or statistical analysis experience in an epidemiologic, behavioral, or cancer prevention and control environment required with Master's degree.
Certified Base Programmer for SAS is preferred
St. Jude is an Equal Opportunity Employer

No Search Firms:


St. Jude Children's Research Hospital does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. Please do not call or email. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee or other representative at St. Jude via email, the internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place and approved by HR will result in no fee being paid in the event the candidate is hired by St. Jude.
