Our Team

The Advanced Analytics and Data Science team at Catalina creates new, world-class science-based capabilities for external and internal clients, shepherding these initiatives from initial concept, prototyping / proof-of-concept, design, build, testing, training, and handoff. We use advanced machine learning, data science, operations research, statistics, and related analytics methodologies, operating on big data and delivered on a scalable computing platform using modern technologies. We illustrate value and drive to bring these capabilities to initial Production and ensure that these initiatives are successful when we hand off.

This position will report directly to the VP of Advanced Analytics and Data Science.

Responsibilities

The Incumbent will:

Works on moderate to complex projects that require a singular area of expertise

Leads project planning sessions with users, business analysts, and team members to gather and analyze user requirements. Develops recommendations

Formulates mathematical models in an appropriate programming language or application

Analyzes raw input data from computer or other media

Validates and tests of models to ensure adequacy, or determines need for reformulation

Utilizes and stays current on applicable programming languages and software technologies

Tracks progress and reports out to stakeholders

Knows what quality means, strives for quality, designs for quality, tests and refines until a very high quality is achieved, and continuously improves

Delivers prototypes / proofs of concept

Recommends plans to bring to Production

This is a skilled position with minimal supervision required (supervision by manager a couple of times per week)

Qualifications

Ph.D. in machine learning, computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, operations research, or related discipline; OR

Masters degree in (same disciplines mentioned above) AND 2+ years experience after graduate school in computation, data science, machine learning or related; OR

Bachelor degree AND 4+ years experience

Excellent computing skills: python / R, other programming (e.g., C++/Java), cloud distributed computing (e.g., Databricks, spark), machine learning frameworks (e.g., sk-learn, tensorflow), UNIX, bitbucket, Target Process/JIRA or other Agile development tool, concepts of data engineering

Good communications, verbally, and also the ability to construct cogent design documents, emails and PowerPoints

Atlanta-based. (Will entertain candidates willing to relocate to Atlanta.)

Ability to travel up to 25%

Sunny disposition, team player

Academic networking

About Catalina

Catalina is a recognized leader in highly targeted, personalized digital media that drives, tracks and measures sales lift for leading CPG retailers and brands. Powered by the most extensive shopper database in the world, Catalina's mobile, online and in-store networks personalize the consumer's path to purchase, delivering $7.9 billion in relevant consumer value each year. Catalina has no higher priority than ensuring the privacy and security of the data entrusted to us and maintaining the consumer trust paramount to the continued success of our business partners and Catalina. Based in St. Petersburg, FL, Catalina has operations in the United States, Europe and Japan. To learn more, please visit www.catalina.com or follow us on Twitter @Catalina.

The intent of this job description is to describe the major duties and responsibilities performed by incumbents of this job. Incumbents may be required to perform other job-related tasks other than those specifically included in this description.

All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subjected to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities.

We are proud to be an EEO employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace.

ed resumes from outside recruiters /placement agencies. Catalina will not pay fees associated with resumes presented through unsolicited means.
