Job Description US Tech Solutions is seeking a ldquoData Scientistrdquo for a Long Term Contract position with a client in San Bruno, CA Design and build new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes. Determine new ways to improve data and search quality, and predictive capabilities. Perform and interpret data studies and product experiments concerning new data sources or new uses for existing data sources. Develop prototypes, proof of concepts, algorithms, predictive models, and custom analysis. Minimum Qualifications - PhD in Computer Science, Statistics or related field OR a Masterrsquos degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Statistics or related field and 2 years of related experience. - Knowledge of machine learning, information retrieval, data mining, statistics, NLP or related field. - Programming skills in one of the following languages Java, Scala, CC++. - Knowledge of one of the scripting languages such as Python or Perl. - Experience analyzing and interpreting the results of product experiments. Knowledge of statistical languages such as R. - Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark). - Working knowledge of Relational Data Base Systems and SQL. - Experience managing end-to-end machine learning pipeline from data exploration, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online testing with big data set. - Excellent communications and organizational skills - Prior experience in this area with eCommerce or Online Retail would be a plus. About US Tech Solutions Your talent, our opportunities - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions. You have the skill we have the opportunity. As a team, we work passionately for you to get the right career opportunity across industry verticals and functions. For past sixteen years, leading Global Companies and Fortune 500 come to us to get the right talent. Whether you want to work as full-time, contractor or part-time, technical or non-technical our talent consultants will connect with the right career opportunity globally. Connect with our talent team today. USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20 of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. Deloitte has recognized USTECH as one of the fastest growing private businesses for the past five consecutive years and INC 500 for the past three. We have also been rated ldquoThe Top Business in the US" by Diversity Business since 2011. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions visit our website www.ustechsolutions.com. ldquoUS Tech is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and ldquos all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply." Apply Interested candidates are requested to send their resume to Pawan at pawansustechsolutionsinc.com
