DATA SCIENTIST

JOB SUMMARY

As part of our eCommerce department's reporting and analytics team, this person will be key in solving business-related problems centric to our online sales channels by developing data-driven solutions.  This group leverages data from numerous sources to provide dashboards and reports to multiple stakeholders including the leadership of retail, B2C, and B2B sales units, and operations teams.  The ideal candidate is willing and deftly able to decipher, track, and extract valuable data points persisting through multiple systems, take direction in creating visualizations, and collaborate with a peers and colleagues having different needs for data sources and models. 

Must Have Skills: 

-Must be an evangelist, lives and breathes data science

-R and associate frameworks: R Studio, Shiny, Flask-(does not need all the frameworks)

-Python

-Machine Learning

Data Modeling

Ability to perform their own small deployments 

RESPONSIBILITIES

This data analyst's primary responsibilities include:
 
Performing exploratory analysis on datasets from a variety of sources to better understand the relevance and value of their contents. 
Working with other SMEs to create data, operational, and analytics architectures and processes with scalability, reliability, simplicity, and performance in mind. 
Researching, developing and integrating machine learning models and algorithms. 
Designing and developing POCs to potential solutions to strategic and tactical issues, and presenting them to peer teams and senior leadership. 
Delivering and presenting best practice documentation. 
Providing supervision/training to technical team members.  
SKILLS & EXPERIENCE

In addition to possessing a highly analytical mindset and penchant for problem solving, the ideal applicant will clearly express the following characteristics and competencies:
 
Very strong communication skills with the ability to capture and articulate technical and non-technical details. 
Experience manipulating and interpreting structured and semi-structured data from a variety of sources such as Oracle and MS SQL databases, MongoDB, Cassandra, Teradata, Hadoop, Azure, Splunk, and AppDynamics. 
A strong conceptual understanding of machine learning algorithms and/or deep learning frameworks and experience creating and maintaining diagnostic, prescriptive and predictive data models. 
Strong proficiencies in R, Python, and SQL; literacy in Splunk SPL is also highly preferred. 
A solid working knowledge of BI solutions such as Alteryx, PowerBI, Informatica, DOMO and Tableau is strongly preferred. 
Experience leveraging CI/CD pipelines to develop and deploy code changes from non-production to production environments and an understanding of agile application development is preferred.  
 Find Us on Facebook! 
 Follow Us on Twitter!
 
Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Company Profile:

Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis.  Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. 

Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles.

Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting  www.beaconhillstaffing.com . 

We look forward to working with you.

Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             St. Louis, MO 63141 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Bachelor's Degree 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         eb_data science_1569461622
