A company built to serve you. It's your career, Shelter it!

The Data Analyst produces recurring and ad hoc reports using a variety of querying tools. Works closely with business partners and Information Services to identify appropriate data sources, providing ad-hoc reports and operations analysis of large data sets for making business decisions. Learns and implements new tools including data analytic and visualization software products. Serves as a liaison between business partners and Information Services as needed with regard to project management, reporting inquiries, and piloting new systems.

Minimum Starting Salary: $43,735 - $63,677

If interested, please apply by:

06/05/2020
DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Collects, manipulates and analyzes data.
Prepares reports in graphs, charts, dashboards and other forms of visualization.
Researches relationships that exist among the company's various databases.
Responsible for monitoring and ensuring maintenance of data integrity and quality control of systems.
Verifies that data repositories provide consistent, reusable data, and identifies and communicates data limitations.
Provides team leadership and participates in developing requirements, definition, testing, and designing data analyses.
Takes initiative in completing projects and requests and makes contact with various departments in researching requests.
Other duties may be assigned to meet ongoing business needs.
Ability to perform essential functions of the job, with or without a reasonable accommodation.
This is the skill set for an individual at mid-point of position. Based upon banding of grades, the skills needed may vary.

SKILLS, EDUCATION, AND WORK EXPERIENCE
Superior analytical, investigative, problem-solving and decision-making abilities. MS Excel, MS Access, Tableau, and/or SAS Programming experience and data analysis skills desired.
Inquisitive and creative; brainstorms alternative solutions and questions existing approaches.
Excellent oral and written communication skills to articulate needs to Information Services. Presents business cases for proposed changes, and to gain acceptance of new systems and practices.
Desires continuous learning in both technical competencies and industry knowledge.
Ability to manage time effectively, maintain schedules to meet deadlines, and work well within a team environment.
Ability and aptitute to learn different technologies.
Superior interpersonal skills to effectively function in lead roles, train others on systems and/or procedures, and conduct meetings.
Requires data analytics-related experience.
Knowledge of insurance policies, procedures, operations, and philosophies, as well as business rules, regulations and applicable state laws is preferred.
Completion of a four (4) year college degree and/or successful completion of industry course work.
