Purpose of Job Community: Data & Analytics Jobs that are part of a community have unique requirements established to maintain consistent application, usage and reporting structure. Please reach out to your HR Business Partner for additional information on specific requirements prior to posting and/or employee placement into this job. Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets and method to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; participates in building analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees Job Requirements Partners with other analysts across the organization to fully define business problems and research questions; Supports SME's on cross functional matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization. Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives. Supports Subject Matter Experts (SME's) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation. Works with IT to research architecture for new products, services, and features. Develops algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data. Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions. Minimum Requirements Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field OR 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. 4 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects required. Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required. Proficient level of business acumen in the areas of the business operations, industry practices and emerging trends required. *Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level* When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses. Preferred Experience building statistical models and machine learning algorithms/models Experience with coding in SAS and Python Experience collaborating with IT to implement predictive solutions Familiarity with Model Risk Management validation processes Experience working in an Agile environment.
