Job Description
Description:
Development and implementation of techniques or analytics applications to transform raw data into meaningful information using data-oriented programming languages and visualization software.
Apply data mining, data modeling, natural language processing, and machine learning to extract and analyze information from large structured and unstructured datasets.
Visualize, interpret, and report data findings. Create dynamic data reports.
Education Requirements: BS or BA degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, Mathematics, or Management related discipline.

Allowable Substitution: Associate’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, Mathematics, or Management related disciplines plus four (4) years of additional work experience performing the duties similar to the Experience Requirements below may be substituted for a Bachelor’s degree.

Experience Requirements: At least five (5) years of experience performing duties similar to at least two (2) duties found in the Journeyman Data Scientist description.

MILVETS offers an excellent benefits package including Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Life Insurance, Disability Insurance, Vision, 401(k), Paid Time Off.

Applicants for U.S. based positions with MILVETS Systems Technology, Inc. must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

www.dhs.gov/E-Verify E-Verify is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. This business uses E-Verify in its hiring practices to achieve a lawful workforce.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

MILVETS Systems Technology, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace.

Powered by JazzHR
