Become a Part of the NIKE, Inc. Team NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At Nike, it's about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. Marketing, Marketing & Communications Nike, Inc.'s storytellers, Marketing and Communication sets the brand tone. A creative force of specialists tell Nike's stories of innovation and sport through advertising, brand strategy, digital engagement and product presentation. Using channels ranging from retail stores to social media, Marketing & Communication teams connect the science and art of Nike innovations to the hearts and minds of athletes around the world. The Nike, Inc. Communications team develops, establishes and strengthens authentic connections with diverse audiences through the lens of innovation and sport. The team creates premium and innovative brand stories, builds and enhances corporate reputation and brand equity, and engages audiences such as consumers, media, athletes, investors, non-governmental organizations and Nike's own employees. The team focuses on information, inspiration and connection to accelerate the growth of Nike, Inc. Communications employees ignite conversations, envision the possibilities, and influence and deliver new levels of creative and strategic thinking to advance the brand around the world. Description We are looking for strong Data Scientists to lead the eCommerce ecosystem strategy for Nike.com and the Nike App. This role will utilize contemporary data science and analytics techniques embedded within the digital product teams to identify opportunities in our current eCommerce experience and further improve it. With Nike's strategic focus on the evolution of the digital business, personalization, and strengthening the consumer's direct connection within the Nike digital ecosystem, this position plays a key role in Nike's Consumer Direct Offense. Successful candidates for this role will have a background in a quantitative or technical field, will have experience working with large data sets, and will have experience in influencing decision making across different teams through data. Working at Nike is a unique opportunity and we are looking for a professional who is passionate about the Nike brand, energetic and proactive, and who thrives on working with data and technology. We are looking for scientists with tech industry experience to help build our core data products and machine learning and statistical modeling processes. We want someone who loves modeling and writing code, someone who likes to dive in, solve problems, and create world class experiences for Nike consumers. The candidate should be self-driven and proactive and must be able to demonstrate that they can assess many business needs and requests, collaborate across both technical and non-technical partners, continue to deliver on time while constantly developing new solutions and insights to empower the E-Commerce Nike.com and Nike App teams to action and innovation. Are you ready to make a career-altering difference in driving one of the world's largest brands to new digital heights? Responsibilities: (The primary tasks, functions and deliverables of the role) Collaborate with key stakeholders to explore opportunities to develop data driven solutions by developing and utilizing statistical modeling and machine learning algorithms Translate ambiguous statements into structured problem statements and testable hypotheses Analyze and profile available, reliable, and relevant data (internal and external) to uncover insights in support of scalable solutions Clean, prepare and verify the integrity of data for analysis Select and validate appropriate models to discover meaningful patterns and insights from the ways in which people interact with Nike.com and the Nike App Define and track model accuracy, ensuring model relevance and reliability; enhance the model as needed Create clear and structured deliverables to communicate meaningful insights and prescribe actionable data driven business recommendations for the Nike.com and Nike App teams Build trust and drive business adoption by demystifying solution intricacies for stakeholders Create clear, user-friendly documentation to support business usage of the solution Collaborate with a team of data scientists, solutions delivery managers, engineers, and business stakeholders to take an opportunity or pain point from concept to scaled solution Stay abreast of and apply industry and technology trends as well as emerging tools and techniques relevant to discipline Cultivate a continuous learning environment within the team and advanced analytics community through persistent development of new skills and sharing of knowledge through mentorships and contributions to the open source community Provide guidance to team members on work Lead the team in adoption of established best practices in documentation as well as common metric definitions, and methodologies Play a strategic role by formulating new and creative ideas for leveraging the Brand's ecosystem of data Translate and interpret complex and interrelated datasets describing customer behavior, messaging, content, product design and financial impact Demonstrate the ability to thrive and create success in an environment which offers ambiguously defined problems, big challenges, and quick changes Qualifications Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Biostatistics, Data Science or a related field. One of the following alternatives may be accepted: PhD or Law + 3 yrs; Masters + 4 yrs; Associates + 6 yrs; High School + 7 yrs exp 6 years of relevant professional experience Has a strong problem solving and analytical mindset Able to influence and communicate effectively, both verbally and written, with team members and business stakeholders Able to quickly pick up new programming languages, technologies, and frameworks Strong knowledge of applied data science Significant expertise in machine learning algorithms and data science methods Strong data wrangling experience with structured and unstructured data Experience with R/Python and SQL Experience with data bases, processing and storage frameworks NIKE, Inc. is a growth company that looks for team members to grow with it. Nike offers a generous total rewards package, casual work environment, a diverse and inclusive culture, and an electric atmosphere for professional development. No matter the location, or the role, every Nike employee shares one galvanizing mission: To bring inspiration and innovation to every athlete* in the world. NIKE, Inc. is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or disability. Job ID 00460748 Apply
