Who Are We?

QinetiQ Inc. is an innovative C5ISR Systems and Technology leader. Our company is built on a foundation of advanced technology, systems engineering, rapid prototyping, and improved operational sensing. We work with the latest technological developments in government, industry, and academia, leveraging that knowledge to rapidly advance the state of the art, combining cutting edge sensor technology with innovative research in ﬁelds such as sensor science, signal processing, data fusion, artiﬁcial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), and augmented reality (AR).

We are a world-class team of professionals that build Ground Systems, Solider Systems, Airborne Sensing and Processing Technologies and Integrated C2 solutions. Our customers are always our number one priority and our mission is to empower and protect American Warfighters and Security Forces!

Your Contribution to Our Mission:
Work with the Government synthetic data lead in the generation of synthetic scenarios required for the training of aided target recognition and related algorithms.
Responsible for assisting with the design and development of training simulation environments with a focus on machine learning algorithm development for simulation training tasks.
To Land This Job, You Need:
B.S. in Physics, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Software Engineering or applicable engineering or science field - M.S. or higher degree preferred.
Experience with Python, Matlab, DIRSIG, and/or other 3D modeling and simulation software.
Knowledge of IR Signatures, atmospheric effects, and imaging sensor effects on simulated imagery.
Experience with distributed computing/high performance recruiting tools and software.
Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

DOD Secret

Why QinetiQ Inc.?
Your work will contribute to the protection of American Warfighters and Security Forces.
Opportunity to work with cutting edge technology.
Extensive opportunities for continuous learning, professional growth and advancement.
We only hire the best! No matter if you are entry or senior level, you will have the opportunity learn from some of the best in the industry.
We have fun! We regularly have company events, from luncheons and costume contests to golf tournaments.
We care about YOU and YOUR FAMILY. We offer competitive benefits and health insurance options.
No One Has Time for Long Job Applications!

We completely understand. That is why we have made the application process easy. We promise. This will be simple.

Accessibility/Accommodation:

If because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to staffing@us.qinetiq.com or call (540) 658-2720 Opt 4 and let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.

QinetiQ Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
