Purpose of Job Leads a team of Data Scientists responsible for advanced analytical solutions that include predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to that generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications. Utilizes technical acumen and in-depth understanding of business processes and practices to influence the creation and execution of operational and strategic plans. Partners with IT and other areas to build major improvements to analytical processes and systems. Advises Senior Leadership on the development of data science solutions and long-term goals and or strategies. Maintains relationships with academic and industry thought-leaders to ensure the enterprise has access to cutting-edge thinking and technology We are currently seeking a talented Director, Data Scientist for one of the follow locations: San Antonio Home Office/ Plano Legacy/ Chesapeake/ Tampa Campus/ Tampa Crosstown Campus/ Colorado Springs Campus or Phoenix Campus Job Requirements Collaborates with other analytical leaders to fulfill the strategic direction of the business through data and information exploration, research of emerging technologies or analytical techniques and long-term defined/project specific strategic assignments. Oversees and executes the exploration of promising new technologies, analytical methods and data sources (internal to USAA & external) that have potential to add value to the enterprise. Partners with enterprise analytical and IT teams to build USAA core capabilities and processes. Identifies additional resource needs ranging from IT investments, 3rd party support or additional analysts. Understands the business direction, environment and strategies, to identify and recommend solutions that influence decision makers and drive change. Directs the design and construction of large and complex data sets from large amounts of structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions. Builds and leads a high performing team of experts in advanced analytics. Develops team reputation as highly skilled experts in the field of data science. Minimum Requirements Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field. 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. 8 or more years of experience in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science 3 or more years of direct management experience Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis) Expert in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C) and one dynamic scripting language (e.g., Python, PERL, Ruby) A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent) *Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level* When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses. Preferred Qualifications Advanced knowledge of data mining and statistical analysis Linear and logistic regression analysis Time Series analysis (ARMA, Vector Autoregression, ARCH) Hypothesis testing Machine learning and other predictive analytic techniques to include natural language processing, clustering, decision trees, and association Knowledge in developing queries using Stata, SPSS, or be able to apply statistical tests in SQL, SAS, R, or Python Tableau to include predictive analytics within Ability to communicate ideas and results to key decision makers Training – produce audience-specific training content and use it to educate peers as well as management Experience with financial services risk / compliance data.
