What happens when accomplished scientists and engineers come together to tackle financial markets using complex models, custom technology, and huge amounts of computational horsepower? What if you mix these things together in an environment that values quality of life and rewards contribution? In our experience, you're able to build a team of talented professionals working together to solve interesting problems and produce real-world results.

If joining a collaborative and high-performance team sounds appealing and you have a history of exceptional performance in a quantitative discipline, we’d love for you to share your resume and give us the chance to explore a potential fit. Financial experience isn’t a prerequisite. Programming skills and an PhD in Statistics, Math, Physics, Engineering or comparable scientific discipline strongly preferred.

Position

We are looking for highly talented candidates to support development of quantitative trading systems. Our quantitative researchers engage in both the development of trading strategies and the implementation of software that tests and executes these strategies.

We seek quantitative researchers with strong analytical and mathematical skills as well as the ability to conduct creative research at the highest level. Strong software coding experience is highly desired, as the position involves the development, testing, and maintenance of software on a daily basis.

About Us

For over two decades, the TGS team has built quantitative trading systems that have produced exceptional results across a range of financial markets. We use scientific methods and engineering discipline to solve challenging problems and develop technology solutions. Our Irvine office is as unique as our Southern California location, combining elements of high tech, finance, and applied research in a collegial atmosphere and beautiful workspace.

As an employer, we are small, discreet, and highly selective. We look for exceptional people with proven track records of performance and achievement, and are far more interested in aptitude and potential than expertise in any particular technology, tool set, or professional domain. If you're inspired by the idea of working on interesting problems with talented colleagues, we invite you to share your resume and explore the possibility of joining our team.
