QUALIFICATIONS Masters or advanced degree required with excellent academic track record 5-10 years of work experience with, for example, a transportation company in advanced analytics-related fields, academic research in transportation-related fields 5 years of analytics experience, in either an academic or professional setting Significant experience in a number of the following technologies: Python, R, SQL, SAS, SPSS, Tableau, advanced Microsoft Excel, R-Modelling and Alteryx for risk adjustment, machine learning or statistical analysis Strong intrinsic problem-solving skills, ability to structure and solve problems and conduct and interpret analysis independently, with demonstrated analytic and quantitative skills A clear passion and demonstrated interest for both analytics and the transportation sector Ability to derive insights and strategic implications for TTL companies Ability to work effectively in ambiguous and challenging environments Ability to communicate with clients effectively Excellent written and oral communication skills, fluent English is a must Strong listening and interpersonal skills, able to quickly establish a rapport and credibility with clients and managerial staff WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH You'll work in one of our North American offices as part of our Travel Transport & Logistics (TTL) practice. Our Travel Transport & Logistics practice works with clients in the travel and tourism space as well as freight and passenger transportation sectors – be it via ocean, air, roads, rail. Beyond the transportation companies, we also work for the respective transport infrastructure operators. The majority of our clients are airlines, airports, tour operators, hotels, rental car providers, railways, urban transit operators, postal, parcel and express services, trucking companies, port operators, shipping lines, and much more. Candidates for this role are expected to understand the analytical tools, models and methodologies relevant for transportation-related applications. WHAT YOU'LL DO You'll contribute to developing and expanding our institutional advanced analytics capabilities, knowledge and expertise in TTL-related industries. You will work closely with our global sector leaders and client service teams as well as Research and Analytics groups. You are part of the "first alert" team to connect consulting teams with relevant knowledge and practitioners in area of expertise and guide them on methodologies and approaches. Working directly with consulting teams in conducting deep analytics on client and external data, you will play a lead role in team problem solving through findings and insights from analysis. You'll help create value for TTL clients by understanding their needs and translating them into the required and desired analytical services, while supporting analytics process and data integration between clients and McKinsey. Additionally, you will support analytics and knowledge initiatives, and contribute substantially to the development of new knowledge, approaches, models and capabilities within area of expertise. Furthermore, you'll support the development of our network optimization service line through applying insights and learnings from our advanced analytics work to the respective client content. You'll also support the development of knowledge for the analytic group as well as greater understanding of analytics and its impact in the consulting population.
