Job Description Position Summary : Are you passionate about data AND helping patients improve their health? Consider the position of Data Scientist, where your experience in advanced analytics and modeling will directly inform how CVS Health helps patients on their path to better health. As a key member of the Enterprise Analytics Group, you will work with a variety of business partners from across the enterprise to both support the development of innovative programs to improve patient outcomes as well as reduce cost and improve efficiency across CVS Health. The role of Data Scientist will primarily be responsible for developing machine learning and other advanced models that drive business outcomes across CVS. The newly established Data Science team is an interdisciplinary team of Data Scientists that partners with business groups across CVS to ideate, develop, and deploy analytic models and solutions that leverage advanced machine learning and analytics methodologies. As a member of this group you will work with a highly collaborative team to apply state of the art analytic methods to solve real world problems. The successful Data Scientist will translate business needs into analytic questions; design and conduct rigorous analyses of pharmacy, clinical, financial, customer, and operational data; and translate these analytic findings into predictive models and evaluation results for our business partners. Key job functions include, but are not limited to, the following: Consulting with key internal and external stakeholders to understand and frame business requests, then determine how best to leverage machine learning and advanced analytic methods (machine learning methods such as ensemble models, decision trees and neural networks; operations research; statistical modeling such as multivariate techniques) to support business objectives across CVS Health. (20%) Developing sound analytic plans based on available data sources, business partner needs, and required timelines. (10%) Efficiently construct, develop, and implement the models in a variety of modeling tools, achieving highly accurate models. (60%) Managing deliverables across multiple projects in a deadline-driven environment and project related to a wide variety of business settings and clinical needs. (5%) Presenting analytic findings in a variety of formats (reports, PPT, graphs, figures and tables), formulating recommendations, and effectively presenting the results to non-analytic audiences. (5%) Required Qualifications Ph.D. or, Master degree with 2 years of professional post-graduate experience in 1) translating business problems into advanced analytic projects; 2) design and apply theoretical modeling approaches to wide range of business applications; 3) constructing, validating, and executing machine learning based analytic solutions. Deep understanding the underlying statistical concepts (eg. Hypothesis testing, sampling methods such as stratified sampling, cluster sampling etc.) · Advanced skills and training in machine learning in areas such as: Random Forest, Decision Trees, Neural Networks, Ensemble Models, Operations Research, Generalized Linear Models, Stochastic Modeling and Multivariate Analysis. And 2+ (Master degree) or 1+ (Ph.D.) years of experience on abovementioned skills. · Fluent and recent hands-on experiences (2+ years for Master and 1+ for Ph.D.) in at least one of the programming languages, i.e. Python, R, C, or SAS, etc. · Demonstrated effective project management and time management skills. · A strong curiosity to explore and uncover hidden relationships in data, and a proactive desire to translate findings into actionable business insights. Preferred Qualifications Familiarity with navigating in both a relational (Teradata-based) and non-relational (Hadoop) environment, Azure cloud. · Recent hands-on experience with finance modeling, pricing elasticity, optimization, and value at risk (VaR) is strongly preferred. Education PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Biophysics or directly related fields.
