Our client is a well-established professional services firm working with financial institutions, law firms and corporations to gather market and competitive intelligence for legal and investment assignments. For project data analysis & presentation they have a data mining and analytics team as a core function to clean and enhance public and client data, build tools to further streamline and automate data analysis, find ways to optimize research analysis and improve team presentation / understanding of the datasets etc. The data science team is expanding on the back of an ever-growing client workload, so theyre looking to add another data specialist who would thrive in a creative role within a fast-paced high professional environment.

Appropriate applicants will have:
Experience of extracting, transforming, cleaning, and matching large, disparate, dirty data.
Experience in back end-oriented data management languages such as PHP, SQL, other general-purpose programming languages like R or Python, along with experience with various data formats (e.g., XML, JSON, etc.).
Data visualization experience using software / tools such as Tableau, Looker, D3, or R Shiny.
Strong communication and visualization skills, with the ability to synthesize disparate data and information into a strong straight-forward and uniform narrative.
A Bachelors degree in a relevant area and 2+ years in a data science / data analyst role, or an advanced degree in a relevant area.
Great opportunity to join a highly reputable professional services firm in a data scientist role offering challenging data analysis assignments for the high-end legal and investment markets, with creative flexibility and career development as part of a core growing function of this firm.

P.S. If you dont have a couple of years experience in all the above, then we would still like to hear from you so do apply because our client will invest in training anyway, and is also looking to add a trainee data scientist to the team.

Keywords: data scientist, data analyst, data analysis, data science.
