It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business. Job Location: NYC, NY, Bloomfield, CT, Philadelphia, PA or Raleigh, NC only. Cigna's Global Data & Analytics (GD&A), organized as a newly formed Center of Excellence (CoE), applies advanced Data Science (DS), Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) to produce solutions that reduce customer health costs and improve outcomes and business processes. Using state of the art AI tools, DS platforms, ML libraries, and optimization tools, we leverage internal, external, online and offline data sources comprising clinical, provider & Rx data, and behavioral/attitudinal data. We are looking to hire Data Science practitioners who are well-versed in optimization, who see a broader picture of AI and not just ML in Data Science, who can communicate with others with a statistical mindset, and can conduct exploratory analysis during data preparation and beyond. In particular, we are looking to evolve the Data Science CoE in the NYC (Tri-State) area, including Philadelphia. Responsibilities: Understand the business problem at hand to create value for the business, clients, customers and providers, and identify critical questions that can be answered with AI or DS. Scrub, clean, prepare, and browse the data: fill in missing data values, determine outliers, regularize and normalize the data (e.g., names), engineer features, and transform it into a more useful form. Explore and visualize the data using tools such as Python modules including pandas, matplotlib, bokeh, and Seaborn, Tableau, and Looker. Build, evaluate, and document the models Generate plausible explanations for presentation to stakeholders and deployment. Work with data engineers to deploy the models, build data pipelines, and scalable systems. Qualifications: BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, or in any technical field that provides a solid basis for analytics or equivalent work experience Excellent understanding/experience with leading machine learning methods such as neural networks, deep learning, KNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Lasso Regression, Elastic Net Regression, Boosting and Bagging Random Forest, XGBoost, Association Rules, Cross Validation Method, and Unsupervised Learning. 3 or more years' experience with Python and its open-source data science toolkits such as Scikit-learn, pandas, NLTK, Numpy and Seaborn through Jupyter or iPython notebooks. Experience with optimization and DS platforms such as Databricks, Dataiku, H20.ai, and Data Robot is a plus. Experience with Hive and database access languages such as SQL and storage platforms such as S3. Excellent presentation skills and business consultation experience required Experience with distributed computing platforms such as Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce, and Yarn, is a plus. Previous work experience in Healthcare is a highly desired Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, color, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy), childbirth or related medical conditions including but not limited to lactation, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, religion, national origin, ancestry, marital or familial status, genetic information, status with regard to public assistance, citizenship status or any other characteristic protected by applicable equal employment opportunity laws. 19012409
