QUALIFICATIONS MSc or PhD level in the field of Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics Experience in statistical modelling and machine learning techniques Programming experience in at least two of the following languages: R, Python, Scala, SQL Experience in applying data science methods to business problems Experience in applying advanced analytical and statistical methods in the commercial world Good presentation and communication skills Ability to explain complex analytical concepts to people from other fields WHO YOU'LL WORK WITH As a Data Scientist at QuantumBlack, you will work with other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Machine Learning Engineers, Designers and Project Managers on interdisciplinary projects, using Maths, Stats and Machine Learning to derive structure and knowledge from raw data across various industry sectors. Who you are You are a highly collaborative individual who is capable of laying aside your own agenda, listening to and learning from colleagues, challenging thoughtfully and prioritising impact. You search for ways to improve things and work collaboratively with colleagues. You believe in iterative change, experimenting with new approaches, learning and improving to move forward quickly. WHAT YOU'LL DO As a Senior Data Scientist at QuantumBlack in London... You will work in multi-disciplinary environments harnessing data to provide real-world impact for organisations globally. You will influence many of the recommendations our clients need to positively change their businesses and enhance performance. Role responsibilities Work on complex and extremely varied data sets from some of the world's largest organisations to solve real world problems Develop data science products and solutions for clients as well as for our data science team Write highly optimized code to advance our internal Data Science Toolbox Work in a multi-disciplinary environment with specialists in machine learning, engineering and design Add real-world impact to your academic expertise, as you are encouraged to write 'black' papers and present at meetings and conferences should you wish Attend conferences such as NIPS and ICML as one global team as well as Data Science retrospectives where you will have the opportunity to share and learn from your co-workers. Work within one of the largest and most advanced data science teams in London, support the Lead Data Scientists to develop data science products What you'll learn How successful projections on real world problems across a variety of industries are completed through referencing past deliveries of end to end machine learning pipelines Build products alongside the Core engineering team and evolve the engineering process to scale with data, handling complex problems and advanced client situations Be able to focus on modelling by working alongside the Data Engineering team which focuses on the wrangling, clean-up and transformation of data. Best practices in software development and productionise machine learning by working with our Machine Learning Engineering teams which optimise code for model development and scale it Work with our UX and Visual Design teams to interpret your complex models into stunning and user-focused visualisations Using new technologies and problem-solving skills in a multicultural and creative environment You will work on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of Data Scientists and Data Engineers use to progress from data to impact. You will guide global companies through data science solutions to transform their businesses and enhance performance across industries including healthcare, automotive, energy and elite sport. Real-World Impact – No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally. Fusing Tech & Leadership – We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels. Multidisciplinary Teamwork - Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance. Innovative Work Culture – Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions. Striving for Diversity – With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life. Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 car's performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture: Healthcare Efficiency – We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches. Environmental Impact – We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution. Product Development – We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
