Industry: Information Technology - Internet / E-Commerce Job Category: Finance / Accounting - Cash Management / Portfolios Base Salary - $200,000 to $220,000 * Full-time Benefits - Full Relocation Assistance Available - Yes Commission Compensation - No Bonus Eligible - Yes Overtime Eligible - No Interview Travel Reimbursed - Yes 7+ to 10 years experience Seniority Level - Mid-Senior Management Experience Required - Yes Minimum Education - Doctorate Degree Willingness to Travel - Never Security Clearance Required: No Visa Candidate Considered: No StubHub is the world's largest ticket marketplace, enabling fans to buy and sell tickets to tens of thousands of sports, concert, theater and other live entertainment events. StubHub reinvented the ticket resale market in 2000 and continues to lead it through innovation. The company's unique online marketplace, dedicated solely to tickets, provides all fans the choice to buy or sell their tickets in a safe, convenient and highly reliable environment. All transactions are processed and delivered by StubHub and backed by the company's FanProtect Guarantee™ processing a ticket every second today with billions of ticket sales each year globally. Company partners MLB, AEG, ESPN and many leading teams such as the San Francisco Giants and University of Texas, along with over 60 other teams in MLB, NBA, NHL and NCAA. Our Values StubHub One – We act as one team in pursuit of connecting people through inspiring eventexperiences. At StubHub, we are: Driven – We strive for excellence – constantly improving our game Courageous – We are bold & not afraid to challenge the status quo Inventive – We see what others don't & pioneer new paths Richly Diverse – We recognize & respect everyone as a unique individual Brand – We experience the world through StubHub. The Opportunity: StubHub, an eBay company, is the world's leading online tickets marketplace providing fans a safe, convenient place to get tickets to the games, concerts, and theater shows they want to see, and an easy way to sell their tickets when they can't go. We are seeking a creative and accomplished Principal Data Scientist with authoritative knowledge of quantitativetrading algorithms, machine learning techniques, software development and micro-economic principles to lead the development of a state of the art trading platform. We will delve into our rich data set of dynamic ticket marketplaces to predict market trends, quantify risk, optimize portfolio management and understand customer behavior. Our algorithms have a dramatic influence on the business, improving our customer experience, increasing the efficiency of our markets and optimizing our investments. You will be a leader on a small team of the best data scientists in the industry. You Will: Champion and execute long-term strategic programs that grow StubHub's algorithmic market modeling data products. Lead the creation of algorithms and models to predict market dynamics. Mine our rich data set to understand customer behavior and market trends. Design experiments to test and measure behavior in our markets and the performance of our models. Inspire your teammates with your authoritative knowledge of machine learning, software development and economic principles. Use state of the art big data and machine learning tools in a distributed / cloud computing environment, such as TensorFlow, Spark, Pandas, Hive and Google Cloud utilities. Frame complicated problems in simple terms and enjoy clarifying sophisticated solutions. Bring a passion for discovery, problem solving and groundbreaking technology. You Are: Accomplished. Earned a doctoral degree in Economics, Econometrics, Statistics or equivalent quantitative field. Creative. Known for coming up with different ways of looking at problems and for investigating the latest advancements in the field. Technical. Familiar with modern machine learning techniques and passionate about embracing new tools. Knowledgeable. Have 10+ years of experience with software development and algorithms. Motivated. Want to help customers build a cherished memory of an amazing live event.
