At BNY Mellon, cybersecurity is a top priority for both technology and the business. The members of the Information Security Division are on constant alert, using their creativity and knowledge of cybersecurity, technology and business processes to develop and deliver creative solutions. In this fast-paced environment, staff collaborate to respond to current risks, while identifying and anticipating future threats. Our cyber capabilities encompass the full spectrum of services from Cyber Operations (SOC, Cyber Threat Intelligence, Vulnerability Management, Cyber Incident Response, Penetration Testing & Red Teaming, Cyber Analytics & Fraud, and Insider threat) to Cyber Architecture and Engineering (Network, Platform, Cloud, and Applications Security). Together with the CISO and his leadership team, staff provide a robust set of cyber services that provide full scope protection and response capabilities across the BNY Mellon enterprise. We help our businesses, the bank’s executive team, and our board of directors understand cybersecurity risk and the steps that must be taken to create and maintain a secure environment that drives innovation.

The Bank has established a baseline standard for controls, including resolution of security vulnerabilities, which serve to minimize residual cyber risk. Utilizing a risk prioritized approach based upon industry standards (NIST Domains; Identify, Detect, Protect, Respond, and Recover,) the Information Security Cybersecurity Technologies team provides risk mitigation solutions to control breaks, threats, and vulnerabilities. Requires advanced expertise in stored procedure programming, data modeling, replication, performance monitoring and optimization, and database administration. Collaborate effectively in a small, fast-paced, team environment. Assist in designing .Net data tier components for multiple multi-tiered systems using Microsoft and/or Oracle and Java technologies. Estimate database/data tier development efforts. Design and optimize database schemas for a variety of applications and processes. Work with developers and system architects to design high performance, highly reliable data systems. Document and implement data tier/database Standards and Operational Procedures (SOPs). Design and implement Data Access Layers (DAL) components using Stored Procedures. Ensure developers use good coding techniques in both application development and stored procedures (database and DAL code review process)Interface with infrastructure teams to ensure monitoring and appropriate maintenance procedures are followed. 10+ years relevant work experience required. Sr. Specialist Information Security Analyst->> Consults with other IT areas and the businesses and provides professional support for major components of the company's information security infrastructure. Contributes to the development and implementation of security architecture, standards, procedures and guidelines for multiple platforms. Consults with the business and operational infrastructure personnel regarding new and existing technologies. Recommends new security tools to management and reports and provides guidance and expertise in their implementation. Reviews and analyzes complex data and information to provide insights, conclusions and actionable recommendations provides direction and guidance on reports and analyses and ensures recommendations are aligned with customer/business needs and capabilities. Ensures that all significant security concerns are addressed. Recommends course of action to mitigate risk and ensures that appropriate standards are established and published. Contributes to the achievement of area objectives.

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, advanced degree preferred, 8-10 years of experience in information security or related technology experience required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus.

 Must Also Have · 4-7 years of DB development experience across Oracle and SQL Server space · Good understanding of relational database modeling · Understanding of Information Security / Vulnerability Management Data · Strong hands-on experience in in Oracle SQL and PL/SQL development in 11g and 12c environments · Analyze user requirements and translate into database requirements and implement in database code. · Knowledge in writing packages/procedures · Assist the development team in the design, development, testing, tuning and implementation of database applications. · Create and maintain SQL queries and routines, work with complex data models and object relational database mapping, while producing complex reports. · Need to be able to optimize, tune and troubleshoot SQL code · Good understanding of Server performance troubleshooting Nice to have · Hands-on experience for PL/SQL batches, stored procedures, and database triggers creation and maintenance. · Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle (SDLC), including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations. · Experience with agile software development approaches including Scrum, Jira · UNIX shell scripting experience · PowerShell

For over 230 years, the people of BNY Mellon have been at the forefront of finance, expanding the financial markets while supporting investors throughout the investment lifecycle. BNY Mellon can act as a single point of contact for clients looking to create, trade, hold, manage, service, distribute or restructure investments & safeguards nearly one-fifth of the world's financial assets. BNY Mellon remains one of the safest, most trusted and admired companies. Every day our employees make their mark by helping clients better manage and service their financial assets around the world. Whether providing financial services for institutions, corporations or individual investors, clients count on the people of BNY Mellon across time zones and in 35 countries and more than 100 markets. It's the collective ambition, innovative thinking and exceptionally focused client service paired with a commitment to doing what is right that continues to set us apart. Make your mark: bnymellon.com/careers.

Client Technology Solutions provides our business partners with client-focused, technology-based solutions. These enhance their ability to be successful through world-class software solutions and leading-edge infrastructure. Client Technology Solutions provides employees with the tools and resources to enhance their professional qualifications and careers.

BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.

Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.

Primary Location: United States-New York-New York

Internal Jobcode: 45155

Job: Information Technology

Organization: Information Security-HR11724

Requisition Number: 1910656
