Title
Data Scientist

04-Jun-2020

Auto req ID
2905BR

Job Description
To support our affiliate, DM Services, Inc., we are seeking a Data Scientist to utilize advanced analytics to provide accurate, relevant, and actionable insights that enable us to maintain and improve the profitability of all Colony Brands catalog titles. If you possess a passion for innovative analysis and cross-functional collaboration – this could be the place for you!

What You’ll Do:
You’ll develop models using a variety of statistical techniques, produce model prediction adjustments based on historical data and prepare reports outlining the testing and validation of each model. You’ll develop robust and flexible processes for major analytical production tasks and create automated, fail-safe tools for standard analytical tasks such as predictive modeling, profiling and clustering. You’ll also be responsible for:
• Developing production ready code complete with error checking and assisting the IT department in developing automated scheduling and triggered execution.
• Conducting research on industry trends/techniques and available data and partnerships – evaluate this research to recommend changes to existing process and develop new ones
• Providing statistical support for “ad-hoc” analysis
• Mentoring peers on how to use cutting edge techniques to address opportunities in marketing response, credit risk, marketing cost allocation, optimization, and customer segmentation

Location
Wisconsin

Employment Type
Regular/Full-Time

Qualifications
What You Need:
We need a sharp, disciplined, and highly quantitative individual who has a passion for developing optimization solutions. Bachelors’ degree required, Masters’ degree preferred in Statistics, Mathematics, Marketing or a related discipline and 5+ years’ statistical data analysis experience. In addition, we are looking for:
• 5+ years’ experience in SAS/R/Python - Existing modeling and data analysis conducted with this tool with large amounts of automation
• 3+ years’ experience in SQL
• Solid grasp of probability, statistical and mathematical modeling with analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability
• Willingness to help others and ability to cultivate an environment of teamwork

Job Category
Analytics

About Us
DM Services, Inc. provides customer service regarding credit and account receivable services for leading direct marketing companies. DM Services, Inc. is an affiliate company of Colony Brands, Inc. which is one of North America's largest, multi-channel direct-marketing companies. We generously support the communities we work in and offer many benefits and programs that support the well-being of our employees.

Benefits Details

Colony Brands is not just about growing our profits – We are about giving our employees the opportunity for growth and providing a better place to live and work. We also offer our employees many great rewards in addition to monetary compensation:
Medical/Dental/Vision insurance
A robust Wellness Program including Onsite Healthcare
Superb Retirement Plans (401K & a company-funded Pension Plan)
Extensive Paid Time Off (PTO) benefits
Seven 4-day work weeks in the summer months to give our employees additional time off
Educational Assistance
Company Profit-Sharing
Company Product Discounts
And, so MANY more!
City
Monroe
