Under the direction of the Director of Enrollment Management Analytics, the incumbent assists the director of analytics with the development and oversight of system(s) utilized by the Office of Enrollment Management, and is responsible for the integration of the various data systems used in cross functional areas to enhance process flow and decision support. As an integral member of the enrollment management team, the incumbent also facilitates the optimal use of technology on an ongoing and sustained basis.  The University of California, Irvine is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer advancing inclusive excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories covered by the UC nondiscrimination policy.  Salary: Commensurate with experience Total Hours: 8-5, M-F Career Position. Final candidate subject to background check. As a federal contractor, UC Irvine is required to use E-Verify to confirm the work status of individuals assigned to perform substantial work under certain federal contracts/subcontracts. Please attach your resume.  Click here to see the Avc-enrollment Management website.  View Job Description for the position requirements. Job Essential Function 1 Percent of Time: 100%  DATA ARCHITECTURE Responsible for the management and maintenance of the Enrollment Management analytics systems. Provides input on all system development activities to achieve division and campus goals. Partners with the Office of Information Technology (OIT) and related data owners to ensure automated system activities are running smoothly.  Responsible for maintaining, improving, and enforcing database architecture designs as well as best practices. Design and implement effective solutions to store and retrieve data.  Provides recommendations for improved methods and processes for enrollment related data collection procedures to enhance the Enrollment Management analytics systems.  Processes, cleans, and verifies system data used for analysis to promote consistent integrity of campus data.  Perform tests and evaluations regularly to ensure data security, privacy and integrity.  Provide proactive and reactive data management support and training to users.  Work collaboratively with multiple university partners on Enrollment Management projects.  RESEARCH & DATA ANALYSIS Utilizes advanced statistical analysis methods to build/adjust algorithms and data models to develop enrollment strategies.  Perform trend and related cohort analyses related to a wide array of enrollment projects. Identify patterns, tendencies, and relationships of data relevant to enrollment related activities, classes, and colloquia. Presents information using data visualization techniques.  Design conceptual and logical data models and flowcharts.  Determine, enforce and document database policies, procedures and standards.  Create and maintain routine reports and respond to requests for ad hoc reports when necessary.  Other duties as assigned in relation to Enrollment Management.  Serves as a subject matter expert on Enrollment Management data systems or applications and serves as a point of contact between Enrollment Management and OIT.  SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES:  Required: Bachelor s degree with a major in business administration, economics, operations research, statistics, political science, educational administration, or an allied field, and seven years of experience in administrative analysis or operations research; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  Skills in analyzing information, problems, situations, practices, and procedures to define the problem or objective; identify relevant concerns or factors; identify patterns, tendencies, and relationships; formulate logical and objective conclusions; recognize alternatives and their implications. Demonstrated experience working with multiple data owners, sources and systems to creating custom and template data architecture structures to synthesize relational information in order to formulate campus enrollment strategic priorities, measure and track success progress on implemented initiatives and to realize new areas where risk can be managed and goals can be formulated.  Demonstrated experience working the migration of large and complex data sets across multiple platforms to support enrollment management initiatives while collaborating on competing data culture, privacy, and proprietary items.  Ability to conceptualize, develop and implement strategic initiatives and the ability to see a project through from its conception to its completion. Ability to manage multiple simultaneous tasks. Effective interpersonal skills; ability to identify and solve problems. Skill to communicate data and information clearly, orally and in writing, in a professional manner to a wide variety of internal and external audiences. Demonstrated ability to key, tabulate and chart statistical data and compile reports. Demonstrated computer skills using spreadsheet and word processing programs. Demonstrated ability to handle sensitive, confidential information and requests. Demonstrated ability to function well in a demanding environment as part of a team. Skill to organize and execute complex tasks in an environment of frequent interruptions and changing workload to meet multiple deadlines. Ability to compose and proofread professional correspondences when supplied with the necessary information. Time management/organizational skills to assess priorities and meet multiple goals and objectives.  Desired: Bachelor s degree in computer science, data science, information management, or a related field, with seven years of experience working with data management, and/or database systems; or Master s degree in computer science, data science, information management, or a related field with four years of experience working with data management and/or database systems. Knowledge in statistical modeling and data mining.  Has experience with SQL and statistical software packages (i.e. Python, R, SPPS, and SAS).  Has experience in logistic and linear regression, PCA, decision tree analysis and statistical methods.  Has working knowledge of data visualization tools, such as Power BI, Tableau Proven analytical skills and problem solving skills  Below are general guidelines on the position's physical, mental, and environmental working conditions. In accordance with applicable state and federal law, UCI provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities upon request. For more information, please contact Human Resources at (949) 824-5210.  Bend: Occasionally Squat: Occasionally Crawl: Not Applicable Climb: Not Applicable Kneel: Occasionally Handle Objects: Occasionally Push/Pull: Occasionally Reach Above Shoulder Level: Occasionally Sit: Frequently Stand: Occasionally Walk: Occasionally Use Fine Finger Movements: Constantly Carry/Lift Loads up to 25 Pounds: Occasionally Carry/Lift loads between 25-50 lbs: Not Applicable Carry/Lift Loads over 50 Pounds: Not Applicable Read/Comprehend: Constantly Write: Constantly Perform Calculations: Constantly Communicate Orally: Constantly Reason and Analyze: Constantly Chemical/Biological Agent: Not Applicable Construction Activities: Not Applicable Contact with Water/Liquids: Not Applicable Drive Motorized Equipment: Not Applicable Confined Spaces: Not Applicable Elevated Work Location: Not Applicable Radioactive Materials: Not Applicable Temperature Variations: Not Applicable Gas System: Not Applicable
