JOB OPENING ID: 178799 REGULAR/TEMPORARY: Regular ORGANIZATIONAL GROUP: Medical School DEPARTMENT: Emergency Med Critical Care Job Summary Position Summary Are you wicked smart?  Do outer joins and random forests make you giddy like when you were a kid at the toy store?  Do we ever have a position for you!  Initially we were looking for a postdoctoral person, but we realized there are some brilliant people who would fit into the culture of our team that perhaps had less schooling so we're opening it up to extraordinary people with at least a bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, or a ton of experience in database trickery and machine learning. This position offers a unique opportunity in the areas of data science and analytics at the Michigan Center for Integrative Research in Critical Care (MCIRCC), Department of Emergency Medicine, University of Michigan (UM). Research in our center focuses on developing clinical decision support systems and a real time analytics platform for developing and translating advanced data science into critical care. While we have a dedicated engineer, applicants will occasionally be responsible for finding, accessing, pulling, munging, organizing, and staging data from multiple locations and multiple customers; so familiarity with these tasks is necessary. Once data has been staged, it will be used to build analytics for diagnostic and predictive decision support systems. This position focuses on the translational aspects of our existing research into the clinical environment as viable products.  You will be working with a highly motivated team to validate and deliver research to the bedside.  Yes, to actual patients. We are looking for an ambitious, talented, and self-motivated individual with an interest in advancing our research. The state of the art research platform being developed by MCIRCC is a hybrid system consisting of several disparate hardware and software components. Therefore, the candidate is expected to be a dynamic problem solver and not afraid of learning new languages and skills in order to get the job done. Candidates must be able to actively develop analytical formulations as needed for the project and analyze performance of the resulting methods by writing python, MATLAB or R scripts. They should actively collaborate with the team as well as with other clinical collaborators within the school and also in other institutes, depending on project needs. The candidate will be involved in contributing towards developing manuscripts for publication and needs to present research results within/outside UM. Preferred are candidates who would recognize themselves as 'Jack of all trades'. Mission Statement Michigan Medicine improves the health of patients, populations and communities through excellence in education, patient care, community service, research and technology development, and through leadership activities in Michigan, nationally and internationally.  Our mission is guided by our Strategic Principles and has three critical components; patient care, education and research that together enhance our contribution to society. Responsibilities* Role highlights:                Team player Communicate clearly and consult with our multi-disciplinary team of scientists, developers and clinicians. Project manage and organize research requests from MCIRCC members Mine data for insight, trends, and anomalies                Investigate methods and techniques to perform analytics                Apply machine learning concepts to solve complex problems                Develop statistical reports and insights from data and its derived features                Perform rigorous statistical analysis of machine learning model's performance                Provide support in grant and manuscript writing                Occasionally manage, structure and wrangle clinical data from various databases (structured and unstructured) for analytics consumption Required Qualifications* Applicants must have at least a bachelor's degree in Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a closely related field. Applicants must have strong machine learning and some database skills. Background, skills, and motivation in the following areas are desired: Minimum 5 years of work experience in related field Experience with Oracle, SQL Server, MySQL, or other relational databases Programming in Python and/or MATLAB for data acquisition and analysis Familiarity with machine learning concepts and implementations Excellent communication and technical writing skills in English Interest in developing translational research that has clinical impact Background Screening Michigan Medicine conducts background screening and pre-employment drug testing on job candidates upon acceptance of a contingent job offer and may use a third party administrator to conduct background screenings.  Background screenings are performed in compliance with the Fair Credit Report Act. Pre-employment drug testing applies to all selected candidates, including new or additional faculty and staff appointments, as well as transfers from other U-M campuses. Application Deadline Job openings are posted for a minimum of seven calendar days.  The review and selection process may begin as early as the eighth day after posting. This opening may be removed from posting boards and filled anytime after the minimum posting period has ended. U-M EEO/AA Statement The University of Michigan is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer.
