Company Profile:

CaptiveAire is the nation's leading manufacturer of commercial kitchen ventilation systems, and now provides a complete solution of fans, heaters, ductwork and HVAC equipment. For over 40 years, we've led the industry with innovative technologies, unmatched service, competitive pricing, and rapid lead times.

CaptiveAire maintains a network of over 90 sales offices in the U.S. and Canada and six strategically located manufacturing plants in North Carolina, Iowa, Oklahoma, California, Pennsylvania and Florida.

Job Description:

This position is for the CASLink Team. CASLink is CaptiveAire's proprietary building management system that gives service and customers the ability to monitor and control HVAC, lighting, and commercial kitchen ventilation equipment. You will be joining the CASLink Analytics SCRUM as part of the overall CASLink project. The CASLink Analytics Platform collects real-time data through events published by various CASLink Microservices and stores this data in Azure Blob Storage for processing by jobs written in Scala on Apache Spark in Azure HDInsight. Power BI is used to present the job outputs to the end user.
This position requires the ability to work well in a team as well as independently.
This position is heavy in coding.
As part of this position you will be supporting and enhancing the existing CASLink Analytics Platform.
You will have the opportunity to contribute to architectural discussions and POC's for improving the CASLink Analytics Platform.
Qualifications:

5+ years experience

Desired Technical Skills:

Technologies
.Net
Microsoft Azure
Blob Storage
HDInsight
Apache Spark
Scala
Power BI
Machine Learning (ML.Net, Python)
SQL Server
Rabbit MQ
Benefits
Medical, dental and vision insurance
Disability & life insurance based upon election of medical insurance
Paid holidays, vacation, and sick days based upon tenure
401k with employer match
Flexible spending account (FSA)
Salary:

We offer a competitive salary based upon experience

CaptiveAire employees are expected to be independent with very little hand-holding and technical training required. You should be comfortable taking on medium to large projects and/or features and be able to bootstrap them from the ground-up. You should also be comfortable diving into well-entrenched, custom, in-house systems and applications which drive the entire company. We are easy-going, don't have a lot of processes to get in our way, and basically want to deliver top-notch, quality systems and software to run the company. As part of the CaptiveAire IT team, you will have many opportunities to contribute directly to the success of the company.

CaptiveAire is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We review applications for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, uniformed services, genetic information, physical or mental disability, medical condition, marital status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
