HP Marketing Data Sciences is a cutting-edge team with the agility of a startup and the depth of a Fortune-500 company with a history of innovation going back to1939. In our team, you will play the role of a leader and subject matter expert in the digital marketing transformation through our Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and Data Science capability. We are looking for visionaries, who are ready to make a purposeful impact on the way the world works. You will be responsible for managing junior-level data scientists/analysts and providing guidance to the team in building customer profiles, developing predictive models, and developing segmentation approaches to enable the planning and execution of marketing campaigns. You will also be expected to be able to conduct analysis and develop algorithms and procedures, particularly for demonstrating new approaches. Additionally, you will collaborate with partners in the business unit marketing, insights, and measurement organizations on specific analytics projects to improve business processes. You will report to Global Head of Marketing Data Sciences. Responsibilities: Direct/supervise the execution of marketing programs against metrics and goals. Direct/supervise the management of marketing assets and perform closed-loop analysis to drive continuous improvements to marketing efficiency and effectiveness. Integrate disparate datasets, analyze large volume of datasets to draw relevant business conclusions Direct the development of value-added business performance analytics and optimization recommendations that enable continuous improvement across the operations of field marketing and demand generation. Automate data load and transformation processes and operationalize models. Improve data availability. Identify data problems and automate the corrective action Analyze data collected from various sources to measure campaign performance and identify opportunities to improve Campaign KPI measurement framework Lead the implementation of marketing process and tools such as marketing resource management (MRM), customer relationship management (CRM) and customer knowledge management (CKM). Manage the integration and utilization of new campaign management and other MPM tools, lead the development of training and research materials and related processes and tools. Build executive presentation for business review Typically hire/manage/develop Entry, Intermediate and/or Specialist-level ICs. Skills and Experience: MS/PHD in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, Statistics or related field or equivalent experience. Typically 8-10 years of experience in data science, customer insights and marketing analytics program management and operations with a leading e-commerce player. Advanced statistics background for analytical positions preferred (advanced degree preferred) with research and statistical focus background for analytics roles. In-depth hands-on experience in BI and Analytics tools like R, SAS, SPSS, Tableau etc, SQL and databases like Vertica/Redshift/Teradata. Expert knowledge of marketing principles, practices, tactics and tools. Expert in data manipulation and analysis techniques; comfortable using very containing both structured and unstructured data. Experience in the Digital Marketing space and web analytics. Knowledge of media data. Experience in Data Architecture / Data Analysis / Database programing. Experience in use of Big Data technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Hive, Scala, Pig, etc.), AWS technologies and services. In-depth knowledge in digital marketing platforms (DMP and DSPs) and media data. Experience in Marketing systems such as MRM or CRM applications. In-depth knowledge of Marketing fundamentals, lifecycle, marketing mix and knowledge management. Excellent written/oral communication and interpersonal skills; ability to build, manage and influence direct reports and virtual teams. Strong influencing, consensus-building and conflict resolution skills. Thanks for taking the time to review our job, if you think it is a match to your experience and interests please apply today— we are eager to learn more about you.
