About Us:

Located in Allen, TX Cytracom is the leading SaaS provider of business voice services delivered through the IT channel and our mission is to make business communications simple!

As for the culture, we love going to work and think you should too! The team holds our company culture near and dear as it represents an intermix between passion for leadership and passion for an active, healthy life centered around family and friends. Cytracom represents community, collaboration, camaraderie and we are DOUBLING in size this year! It's a very exciting time here at Cytracom and we are focused on finding the best talent as we continue to grow!

Our Benefits:

• Medical, dental, and vision insurance is available
• 401K
• Disability insurance
• Paid vacations and holidays
• Flexible PTO policy
• Casual, laid-back work environment
• Free snacks

Here's a closer look at this key role:

The Data Scientist will use data-based insights to conceptualize, plan, and develop solutions to solve complex problems. In this role, you will be responsible for discovering information and identifying patterns within vast amounts of data and using that data to help our teams make smarter decisions. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, data visualization, doing statistical analysis, and building high-quality prediction systems.

Requirements:
Expertise in SQL (including but not limited to transforming data) and proficiency in another data programming language (Python, R, etc.)
Experience in creating experiments and analyzing results that drive key decisions
Proficiency in one or more analytics & visualization tools (e.g., Looker, Tableau, etc.)
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to tailor communication such as analyses and interpretations to match the audience
Responsibilities:
3+ years of recent experience working as a data scientist.
Maintain solid working relationships with all stakeholders, primarily the Executive Team.
Work with business experts to better understand goals and identify alternative approaches to extract insights from data.
Drive adoption of BI platform across organization
Present ideas/analyses/interpretations in a clear, concise manner tailored to audience
Maintain integrity, organization and consistency of data by coordinating with system administration to ensure accurate data input or collection and by managing ETL processes
