Job Details:            
   Job Title:     Data Scientist  
  Job Location  : San Mateo, CA      
  
  Job Type: Contract                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

 REQUIREMENTS/CHARACTERISTICS:  
Our ideal candidate will be resourceful and possess very strong coding and programming skills. The credit risk functions can have far reaching consequences for the company and an attention to detail and commitment to excellence will be required. He/she will be someone that describes himself/herself, and that is described by others, as data driven, inquisitive, self-aware, culturally sensitive, thoughtful, methodical, and approachable, along with being a low maintenance and non-ego driven individual.  
6 mos-5+ years of total experience as a Data Scientist. Financial services experience is not required, but is looked upon favorably. 
Demonstrated experience in statistical modeling and analysis. Expert level skills in SAS or Python or R. 
Demonstrated experience with qualitative and quantitative data analysis and reporting. 
Demonstrated experience working with relational databases and manipulating data from databases for statistical modeling. 
Familiarity with UNIX/LINUX environments and BASH/shell scripting is desired. 
Very strong analytical skills, combined with an ability to tie analytic results to business implications. 
A can do attitude for problem solving. 
A keen eye to spot opportunities to automate and streamline analytic processes. 
High level of comfort working within the financial services industry, as well as working within a rapidly growing environment in which change is a constant. 
An ability to work independently with limited direction but with the judgment to do so within appropriate limits of authority. Initiative to constructively, but passionately, challenge existing analytic processes. 
Expert knowledge of logistic regression, decision trees, survival analysis, design of experiment and other statistical techniques 
Expert knowledge of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques 
Communicating clearly and concisely to individuals from various backgrounds 
Influencing others in both verbal and written mediums 
Experience with leveraging credit bureau data for marketing targeting 
Experience working with relational databases 
Previous experience with qualitative and quantitative data analysis and reporting 
Experience with direct mail response modeling and analytics is plus 
Experience with experimental design and A/B testing.  
  EDUCATION :   
Graduate degree in a quantitative field of study (mathematics, statistics, operations research, physics, economics, and/or financial engineering) required. 
Masters or PhD in Statistics or similar quantitative field of study (Math, Economics, Financial Engineering, Physics, Chemical Engineering, Industrial Engineering, Operations Research, etc.)    

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             San Mateo, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
