Why Divvy?

Over the past decade, millions of Americans have been forced to put their dreams of homeownership on hold. Home prices have outpaced wage growth while mortgage requirements continue to tighten. As a result, renters are missing out on a critical wealth-building opportunity: owning a home.

At Divvy, we're building an on-ramp to homeownership – one that's more affordable, more flexible, and an overall better fit for the modern American family – and it’s working.

We’re looking for a Data Scientist to join our growing company. In this role, you’ll ensure the financial viability of our business by developing our underwriting and/or pricing models. Developing this model will also mean simulating new financial product offerings which match customer needs to Divvy’s capacities. Day to day, this will include a mix of dataset acquisition, statistical modeling, exploratory data analysis, and software engineering. You’ll report directly to Divvy’s Head of Data Science and work alongside a team of 8-10 software engineers and data scientists.
Responsibilities
Build and refine our default and/or pricing models using structured data
Identify, analyze, and acquire new data sources to improve model accuracy
Influence Divvy’s product offerings based on quantitative insights
Become a domain expert in risk and/or pricing
Work Experience
You have 3+ years of experience in machine learning, data science or analytics
You have experience in either R or Python
You have a strong understanding of statistical modeling techniques
You demonstrate the ability to clearly communicate analysis
Bonus points for previous credit default modeling experience, risk management experience, and/or real estate pricing (AVM) experience
Perks
Competitive salary + equity
Full benefits (medical, dental, vision, 401k, commuter)
A beautiful dog-friendly office
Diverse, smart, and witty co-workers
Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion

We prioritize a commitment to diversity in our team building process. We enthusiastically encourage individuals from a variety of lived experiences to reach out.
