Juvo was founded with an overarching mission: to establish financial identities for the billions of people worldwide who are creditworthy, yet financially excluded. In partnership with mobile network operators, Juvo's proprietary Identity Scoring technology uses data science, machine learning and game mechanics to create an identity-based relationship with anonymous prepaid users, opening up access to otherwise unattainable mobile financial services.

Since emerging from stealth in September 2016, Juvo has increased its global reach five times over, from 100 million to 500 million, and has steadily grown its operations and employee base worldwide with 100 employees today. To date, Juvo has enabled over 400M transactions in 25 countries and 4 continents, with 1M active subscribers a day. Juvo's mobile operator partners include Telefonica, Millicom, Sprint, Deutsche Telekom and Cable & Wireless.

In 2017, Juvo completed a $40 million USD Series B funding round with funding from Samsung NEXT and top-tier VCs including NEA, Wing Venture, and Freestyle Capital. Early investors in the company include the former CEOs of AT&T Wireless, NYSE, Sprint, Telefonica International and Vodafone Group. Juvo is frequently profiled in top tier tech and business press and our proprietary technology, Identity Scoring, is award winning.

About the Job

We are looking for a talented Data Scientist to help Juvo convert user data into personalized credit scores. You will play a central role not only in ensuring Juvo's success, but improving the financial landscape of millions, if not billions of people. As you lead key Data Science and platform initiatives, you will play a major role in the planning and construction of Juvo's technical stack.

Qualifications

MS/PhD in a quantitative field e.g., Physics, Astronomy, Chemistry, CS, Math or have worked in Data Science, Quantitative Research or Software Development for 5 years.

Comfortable in Unix computing environments and have a handful of your favorite BASH tricks. You are fluent in one or more of the following programming languages: Python, Scala, R, Java.

Familiar with distributed computing frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive.

You know your way around AWS and regularly use one or more of their services e.g., S3, EC2, EMR, Redshift, DynamoDB, Kinesis, etc.

You like working in a fast-paced collaborative environment where the mantra is to push to master, make sure it makes sense...and doesn't break!

Perks & Recreation

Work towards a mission that matters – join us in creating the YES economy

Competitive cash and equity compensation

Great medical/dental/vision benefits, with dependent coverage

Pre-tax commuter benefits

401(k) available

Paid holidays and flexible paid time off

Monthly reimbursement for internet or mobile phones

Conveniently located office in the Financial District of San Francisco

Fully stocked kitchens with organic and healthy snacks

Weekly catered lunch

Your choice of the best and newest tech (Apple products, Sennheiser Noise Canceling headphones, Stand-up desks, etc)

Employee discount on Samsung products (Samsung is an investor)!

Juvo is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Juvo is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
