Imagine what you can do at Land O'Lakes. Our growth relies on extraordinary talent and boundless thinkers who are always looking for a better way and believe anything is possible. Like you, innovation and technology drive us. At Land O'Lakes, you will also be part of a community with creative doers and dreamers, who want to make a difference. We work together combining our global perspective and direct access to the source to create practical, new solutions to meet agriculture's toughest challenges. Join the team at any Land O'Lakes location or with one of our retail-owners and you'll sense the optimism, honesty and innovation that goes into everything we do. Together, we strive to feed human progress. Job Posting Title: Sr Data ScientistJob Description: Land O'Lakes is seeking an AI (Artificial Intelligence) Engineer who will be part of technology innovation team that reports to CTO. The position is highly technical and hands on, where the resource will be using advanced analytics techniques such as neural net, deep learning, NLP (natural language processing) etc. to solve agriculture, CPG & supply chain related business questions. The ideal candidate will be somebody who can translate business problems to AI use case and implement solutions, leveraging open source technologies & AI offering. The position will work closely with IT leaders, line of business managers, and technology partners to plan, prototype, and build innovative analytical solutions. Need for leveraging emerging tech like AI to solve challenges such as product quality, animal health diagnosis etc. We need to enhance our knowledge in the space of deep neural net to tackle some of use cases around genomics, satellite image processing etc. Ability to put hardware components for AI solution such as cameras, smart speakers etc to build an end to end product for our customers. Critical business use cases that need NLP expertise. -- Voice of customer based on reviews -- Enabling research content so that it identifies trends, makes it easier to search. -- Translate our research blogs, articles, podcasts, customer service content into a powerful Q&A function 20% Consulting skills: Working with business leaders to understand the business problem, build a overview of the use case that talks about the business problem, benefits, scope and proposed solution to tackle the problem. 40% AI skills: Data acquisition & transformation including images, textual data, relational data etc. Building AI based models using open source advanced AI techniques such as TensorFlow, MXNet, Theano, Caffe, NLTK, etc. along with AI cloud cognitive services such as IBM Watson, Azure cognitive services, Amazon Alexa, Google ML. Ability to build out end to end AI solution which may include both hardware & software as part of the solution. 20% AI story telling: Ability to communicate the story and able to create content that could be shared with senior business leaders. Educate business audience on emerging technology & show the technology capabilities by building prototypes 20% Be Aware of emerging tech: Research and try out new emerging technologies that others in the industry has been able to apply to business problems. This may expand more broader than AI technologies such as virtual reality, robotics etc. Experience-Education (Required): Master's degree in data science, cognitive computing, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field. Strong knowledge around statistical techniques such as linear regression, time series modelling, clustering etc. Strong development experience in open source technology such as Hadoop, Spark, Strong programming experience in Python, R Experience using one of TensorFlow, MXNet, Theano, Caffe and other open source frameworks. Solid understanding of underlying concepts of Tensor Flow (as an example) to understand/enhance the inner workings of an AI framework of choice Strong background in one or more of: Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, Recommendation Systems, Pattern Recognition, Large Scale Data Mining or Artificial Intelligence. Experience using AI offering via API for cognitive solutions such as IBM Watson, Azure cognitive services, Amazon Alexa, Google ML etc Experience with hardware components such as raspberry pi, camera, smart speakers.
