Location: PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

Job Posting Title:

Simulation Engineering Scientist

----

Hiring Department:

Applied Research Laboratories

----

Position Open To:

All Applicants

----

Weekly Scheduled Hours:

40

----

FLSA Status:

Exempt

----

Earliest Start Date:

Immediately

----

Position Duration:

Expected to Continue

----

Location:

PICKLE RESEARCH CAMPUS

----

Job Description:

Systems engineering analysis, testing, evaluation and assessments of DoD prototype systems and technology strategies including interfacing with program sponsors and DoD military, civilian, and contractors to develop test and evaluation systems engineering approaches, establish requirements and architect solutions for test and evaluation and training events.

----

Job Details:

Responsibilities
Researching requirements via interviews, literature search, and other information gathering techniques.
Documenting requirements using structured systems engineering techniques, textual descriptions, and presentation materials.
Defining systems engineering and requirements definition processes, and consulting with sponsor organizations in implementing these processes.
Researching potential solutions to requirements via literature search, interviews, and other information gathering techniques.
Meeting with project sponsors to validate requirements and solutions.
Other related functions as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelors degree in mathematics, engineering, computer science or other applied sciences. Three years of experience in developing and applying systems engineering, requirements definition, and architecture definition processes. Three years of experience in developing and/or applying modeling and simulation technologies. Ability and desire to take on a technical leadership role and work as a team member without daily supervision. Ability to work independently with sensitive and confidential information, maintain a professional demeanor, and effectively communicate (both written and orally) with a diverse group of coworkers, sponsors, and subject matter experts. Able to work under pressure and accept supervision. Regular and punctual attendance. US Citizen: Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information at the level appropriate to the project requirements of the position.

Preferred Qualifications

Masters degree in mathematics, engineering, computer science or other applied sciences and ten years experience in applying systems engineering, requirements definition, and architecture definition processes, or Doctorate degree in one of these fields with five years experience as stated above. Knowledge of DoD processes and programs related to systems engineering and requirements development in at least two of the following application areas: test and evaluation, training, strategy and strategic analysis, operations planning, acquisition, experimentation, intelligence. Knowledge of modeling and simulation systems and application of live, virtual, and constructive environments to the areas listed above. Knowledge of combat systems, mission command information systems, and their applications in operational and training environments. Knowledge of training and test event planning, architectures and execution. Familiarity with the DoD Net Centric Data and Services Strategies and application of these strategies. Familiarity of formal systems engineering approaches utilizing the DoD Architecture Framework. Familiarity of structured system engineering notations including the Unified Modeling Language. Experience in using tools to perform systems engineering and requirements management. Cumulative GPA pf 3.0.

General Notes

An agency designated by the federal government handles the investigation as to the requirement for eligibility for access to classified information. Factors considered during this investigation include but are not limited to allegiance to the United States, foreign influence, foreign preference, criminal conduct, security violations, drug involvement, the likelihood of continuation of such conduct, etc.

Salary Range

$82,000-$129,000+/negotiable depending on qualifications

Working Conditions
Standard office conditions
Repetitive use of a keyboard at a workstation
Use of manual dexterity
Some weekend, evening and holiday work
Possible interstate/intrastate travel
Required Materials
Resume/CV
3 work references with their contact information; at least one reference should be from a supervisor
Letter of interest that addresses your relevant experience.
Unofficial college transcripts
Important for applicants who are NOT current university employees or contingent workers: You will be prompted to submit your resume the first time you apply, then you will be provided an option to upload a new Resume for subsequent applications. Any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) will be uploaded in the Application Questions section; you will be able to multi-select additional files. Before submitting your online job application, ensure that ALL Required Materials have been uploaded. Once your job application has been submitted, you cannot make changes.

Important for Current university employees and contingent workers: As a current university employee or contingent worker, you MUST apply within Workday by searching for Find UT Jobs. If you are a current University employee, log-in to Workday, navigate to your Worker Profile, click the Career link in the left hand navigation menu and then update the sections in your Professional Profile before you apply. This information will be pulled in to your application. The application is one page and you will be prompted to upload your resume. In addition, you must respond to the application questions presented to upload any additional Required Materials (letter of interest, references, etc.) that were noted above.

----

Employment Eligibility:

Regular staff who have been employed in their current position for the last six continuous months are eligible for openings being recruited for through University-Wide or Open Recruiting, to include both promotional opportunities and lateral transfers. Staff who are promotion/transfer eligible may apply for positions without supervisor approval.

----

Retirement Plan Eligibility:

The retirement plan for this position is Teacher Retirement System of Texas (TRS), subject to the position being at least 20 hours per week and at least 135 days in length.

----

Background Checks:

A criminal history background check will be required for finalist(s) under consideration for this position.

----

Equal Opportunity Employer:

The University of Texas at Austin, as an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer, complies with all applicable federal and state laws regarding nondiscrimination and affirmative action. The University is committed to a policy of equal opportunity for all persons and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, religion, or veteran status in employment, educational programs and activities, and admissions.

----

Pay Transparency:

The University of Texas at Austin will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractors legal duty to furnish information.

----

Employment Eligibility Verification:

If hired, you will be required to complete the federal Employment Eligibility Verification I-9 form. You will be required to present acceptable and original documents to prove your identity and authorization to work in the United States. Documents need to be presented no later than the third day of employment. Failure to do so will result in loss of employment at the university.

----

E-Verify:

The University of Texas at Austin use E-Verify to check the work authorization of all new hires effective May 2015. The universitys company ID number for purposes of E-Verify is 854197. For more information about E-Verify, please see the following:
E-Verify Poster (English) [PDF]
E-Verify Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (English) [PDF]
Right To Work Poster (Spanish) [PDF]
----

Compliance:

Employees may be required to report violations of law under Title IX and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act). If this position is identified a Campus Security Authority (Clery Act), you will be notified and provided resources for reporting. Responsible employees under Title IX are defined and outlined in HOP-3031.

The Clery Act requires all prospective employees be notified of the availability of the Annual Security and Fire Safety report. You may access the 2018 report here or obtain a copy at University Compliance Services, 1616 Guadalupe, Suite UTA 2.206, Austin, TX 78701.
