NCQA is searching for a talented Data Analyst. The Data Scientist will take a leadership role in analyzing and presenting results based on large health care databases such as HEDIS clinical quality data and CAHPS, HOS member survey data and field test data. Major responsibilities include understanding content area, determining what the data means, defining analysis plans and selecting appropriate statistical methods, conducting quantitative analysis, programming in SAS, R, or other programming languages, ensuring an effective quality analysis plan, and communication with internal and external clients. The data scientist is expected to spot patterns in the underlying data and be able to explain the trends to non-technical stakeholders. If this sounds like a team you want to be a part of, keep reading! This person serves as the technical lead on the technical design, development, and statistical methodology determination. Develops and enforces technical processes and standards. Produces software development lifecycle documentation and troubleshoots technical issues related to programming code execution. Maintains current industry knowledge on the trends of technology as related to the architecting and programming. The holder of this position must be able to work independently on multiple projects in coordination with other internal and external project team members. Our work at NCQA saves thousands of lives, helps millions of people stay healthy and saves the country billions of dollars. Responsibilities: · Support the development of NCQA's research and performance measurement activities by generating research ideas, investigating the data and developing data design and data structures related to the project. Looks at the data from different angles, determine what the data means and recommends the best possible way to analyze it. Spots trends and patterns and determine what is noise and what is good data. Develops analytical plans for research and other projects including: algorithm selection (data mining, machine learning etc.) database design, program design, selection of statistical methods, creation of project timelines, and development of formats for presenting results to meet customer needs. This includes the preparation of memos and close out reports to contribute to knowledge management and documentation. · Conducts programming tasks and statistical analysis including preparation and cleaning of data, implementation and refinement of statistical methods, preparation of formatted tables of results, creation of databases and other outputs, and verification of the accuracy of results. Participate in quality assurance processes and reviews code, outputs tables and charts. Complete all documentation and follow department standardized processes. Leads, designs, plans, and executes programming approaches to support various development projects. Can code at an expert level in applications such as SAS, R, Python etc. · Customer Engagement and Project Leadership: Represent NCQA to scientific audiences. Enhance NCQA reputation for scientific leadership in the area of performance measurement through public speaking, publications, etc. Present analytic results orally and in writing to customers and other researchers incorporating descriptions of methods, relevant literature, and other background material to provide context for the results. · Develop content expertise and provide analytic support for NCQA programs and high priority strategic projects such as the new analytic product development, State of Health Care Quality report, CAHPS and HOS surveys, Pay for Performance programs etc. Requirements: · Master's degree with experience in health services research, applied statistics, sociology, or a combination of education and experience which demonstrates the necessary skills and abilities required for the position. PhD a plus. · Strong programming skills in SAS and/or R a plus. Certification a plus, knowledge of other programming languages a plus. · Three plus years experience analyzing large datasets. Working with claims-based data a plus. · Proficiency in statistical software packages such as SAS or R. · Profound knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet and database applications. · Skilled at developing and applying univariate and multivariate modeling techniques, hypothesis testing What We Do: We use measurement, transparency and accountability to highlight top performersOpens a New Window. and drive improvement. We began in the early 1990's by measuringOpens a New Window. and then accreditingOpens a New Window. health plans. Since 2008, our mission has brought us closer to where care is delivered: We've grown to measure the quality of medical providers and practicesOpens a New Window.. Most of our employeesOpens a New Window. work on HEDISOpens a New Window. and our Accreditation, Certification and Recognition programsOpens a New Window.. Government and private sector clients hire us through contracts and grantsOpens a New Window. to help them measure and improve quality. At NCQA, we succeed on the basis of our quality products and services and the ethical way we do business. NCQA's maintains a reputation for high ethical standards. NCQA's Code of ConductOpens a New Window. documents our commitment to such ethical behavior. NCQA recruits, hires, trains and promotes individuals, and administers any and all personnel actions, without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, pregnancy-related condition, military or veteran status, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital or familial status, domestic violence victim status, individual's relationship or association with a member of a protected category, or other protected statuses under applicable state and federal laws.
