Recursion's unique platform leverages the most advanced biology, high-throughput automation, and artificial intelligence to rapidly discover treatments for rare diseases, diverse immune and inflammatory diseases and new indications in the future. The Process Development Scientist in Compound Management will develop new automated and manual processes to facilitate the ordering, receiving, solubilizing, distribution and quality assessment of compounds.

THE PROBLEMS YOU'LL SOLVE

The high-level job description has only one item: do whatever is necessary to achieve our mission of decoding biology to radically improve lives. This is a great opportunity to:
Communicate with scientists and technicians to design/improve standard processes for compound handling.
Partner with Chemists, Biologists, and Data Scientists to assess the quality of our library over time.
Design systems and workflows that will allow for screening of a wide variety of different compounds including small molecules, biologics, and genetic perturbants.
THE EXPERIENCE YOU'LL NEED
Experience working in a Compound Management Laboratory maintaining >100,000 compounds delivered to multiple screening groups.
Demonstrated ability to design and implement complex workflows in an automated laboratory environment
Experience working with automated liquid handlers, balances, tube storage systems, complex workcells, LIMS systems etc.
Requires 4+ years of laboratory experience with a BS degree
THE PERKS YOU'LL ENJOY
Coverage of health, vision, and dental insurance premiums (in most cases 100%)
401(k) with generous matching (immediate vesting)
Stock option grants
Two one-week paid company closures (summer and winter) in addition to flexible, generous vacation/sick leave
Commuter benefit
Generous paid parental leave (including adoptive)
Stipend for gym membership
Recursion is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. Recursion strictly prohibits and does not tolerate discrimination against applicants because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, pregnancy, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender individual), age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current, or prospective service in the uniformed services, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law.

Click HERE to see what it's like working at Recursion!
