Job Description
Galorath Federal is a growing employee-owned company dedicated to cost research, cost analysis, decision analysis, program management, and financial management. For over 30 years, Galorath has provided the industry's most comprehensive set of decision-support applications and services. Galorath’s combined solutions help plan and manage projects more efficiently, driving out costs, optimizing architectures, and building in quality. Our employee-owners pride themselves on their combination of technical and analytic skills and experience, and applying these capabilities to assist clients in solving their toughest problems.

Galorath Federal is seeking a Data Scientist to work with our clients on-site in Charleston, SC. The successful candidate will have excellent communication, quantitative, research, analytical skills, and the capability to lead and contribute to large programs and studies that the company undertakes. The ideal candidate will be a self-starter, creative, forward-thinking, a proven leader, and willing to help solve problems with the cost team.

REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in data science, data analytics, computer science, business intelligence, mathematics, statistics, or other analytics field with at least 24 semester hours in mathematical, statistical, computer science and/or qualitative analysis courses
Experience mining data and configuring large, complex datasets using software and appropriate methods to understand hidden relationships
Possess strong troubleshooting and problem-solving capabilities
Strong to advanced Microsoft Excel experience
Experience in machine learning algorithms
Strong SAS, R, SQL, Python, or other coding language required
Secret Clearance or the ability to obtain a Secret Clearance
Join Galorath and Become an Employee Owner!

We offer a great benefits package including:
Competitive Compensation
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - our contributions are significantly greater than most companies throughout the country.
Medical Insurance
Dental Insurance
Vision Insurance
Company-sponsored Long Term Disability
AFLAC Voluntary Benefits
Flexible Spending Accounts (dependent & healthcare)
Paid Vacations, Holidays, and Sick Leave
401K Plan
To learn more about Galorath, please visit us at http://www.galorath.com.

Powered by JazzHR
