What is nakedwines.com?
We believe the wine industry is broken. Our mission at Nakedwines.com is to connect everyday wine drinkers with the world’s best winemakers. We currently serve a community of over 500,000 wine drinkers who invest in over 150 winemakers, globally.

Data Science at nakedwines.com:
Nakedwines.com has been a data lead organization from the beginning and we leverage data in just about every decision we make. However, while we have a robust analytics function, we’re just now starting on our data science journey so it's an exciting time to join the team! We have an incredible data asset that we feel is underutilized and we’re looking to change that.

We’re looking for a data scientist to help us:
Fully leverage our data assets by developing algorithms to give our customers an unparalleled, highly personalized experience on our website and mobile app
Improve and/or automate everyday decision making through the use of data
Work closely with our engineering teams to take ideas from offline prototypes to scalable production services
Play a foundational role in helping shape data science at nakedwines.com
Champion a data lead culture through the entire organization
We want to chat with you if:
You have 2+ years of industry experience in data science, or related, roles
You have a grasp of applied probability and statistics commensurate with a Masters degree or PhD in a quantitative discipline (note: there is no hard degree requirement)
You are highly proficient in Python or R (and their accompanying data science stacks) and have experience developing code in collaborative environments
You write SQL in your sleep (sorry, no divas here, we build our own datasets)
You can put together a decent slide deck and communicate complex ideas to colleagues in other areas of the business
You’ll stand out from the crowd if:
You have experience developing production ready algorithms. Bonus points for having played a role in deploying, monitoring, and supporting those models
You are naturally curious and eager to learn
You take initiative and can sell your ideas
You find purpose in helping to fix a broken industry
Note, you must be eligible on your own to work in the US to qualify. An employer sponsored work visa is not currently available for this role.

Nakedwines.com is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.
