About The Team

Data is at the core of Outreach's strategy. It drives our customers and ourselves to the highest levels of success. We use it for everything from customer health scores and revenue dashboards, to operational metrics of our AWS infrastructure, to helping increase product engagement and user productivity through automated natural language understanding, to predictive analytics and causal inference via experimentation. As our customer base continues to grow, we are looking towards new ways of leveraging our data to save our customers time and improve their sales efficiency.

The mission of the Data Science team is to accelerate the success of our internal and external customers through trustworthy data analysis and experimentation. As a member of the team, you will be on the ground floor, working directly with the VP of Data Science to define and implement our strategy for delivering data products. You will be responsible for delivering models, data-driven functionality, and end-user features based on these models that will be deployed into production, as well as analyzing the data to produce actionable insights.

Your Daily Adventures Will Include

Playing key role in designing and developing machine learning, NLP, and recommendation algorithms.

Working with internal and external customers to understand their pain points and brainstorm solutions

Designing A/B testing experiments and doing end-to-end data analysis to understand user experience and propose improvements.

Working alongside experienced engineering, design, and product teams to help deliver new customer-facing features and products.

Our Vision of You

2+ years experience in Data Science

You have experience of building production ML systems, and deep knowledge of modern ML algorithms

You have experience working with distributed data processing frameworks such as Spark.

You have experience using ML frameworks such as Tensorflow, SparkML, and Scikit-Learn.

You have a deep understanding of algorithms and evaluation methods used in production-grade ML systems.

You have strong programming skills in at least one object oriented programming language (Java, Scala, C++, Python, etc.)

You understand the entire lifecycle of machine learning product development, from inception to production

You are hands on, able to quickly pick up new tools and languages, and excited about building things and experimenting

You go above and beyond to help your team

You are honest, admit mistakes, and own fixing them

You are a motivated and talented craftsperson: always looking to sharpen and adapt your skills

You have a MS degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field, or equivalent industry experience. PhD degree and publication track record at conferences such as KDD, SIGIR, WWW, ICML, NIPS, ACL, CIKM, RecSys, etc. are preferred.

Why You’ll Love It Here

100% medical, dental, and vision coverage for full-time employees

Unlimited PTO (and people actually use it!)

401k to help you save for the future

Company-organized and personal paid volunteer days to support the community that supports us

Fun company and team outings because we play just as hard as we work

Diversity and inclusion programs that promote employee resource groups like OWN (Outreach Women's Network)

A parental leave program that includes not just extended time off but options for a paid night nurse, food delivery, gradual return to work, and the Gottman Institute's Bringing Home Baby course for new parents

Employee referral bonuses to encourage the addition of great new people to the team

Plus, unlimited snacks and beverages in our kitchen
