Northrop Grumman's products support the front lines, securing our democracy and future. Our Manufacturing team's work on these cutting-edge products support the users, our military, to complete their missions and get home safely. 

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our product development, production and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. 

Responsibilities for Data Scientist
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Mine existing databases, create databases, tabulate and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization to manufacturing processes, product development and business strategies.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to optimize current processes and improve corrective action timeliness. 
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. 




MSRMM 
MANUMS 
Rocktober 

Basic Qualifications:  

  
Data Scientist 
  
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field with 2 years' experience in various software toolsor a Masters degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics or another quantitative field. 
  

Principal Data Scientist 
  
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field with 5 years' experience in various software tools or a Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field with3 years' experience in various software tools 
  

For Both Levels:
Experience with C, C++, or equivalent. 
Experience creating User interfaces.
Experience with Tableau or SAP Lumira.
Experience with querying databases  
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on production environments
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Experience using statistical computer languages (Minitab, Tableau, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets
Proven ability to learn and master new software tools, technologies and techniques
Ability to obtain a security clearance and US Citizenship
 

Preferred Qualifications:  

 
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. 

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. 

 


 
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit  www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions. 

Job Summary

                 
                     
                         Location 
                             Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19029438
