Data Scientist Location Sandy, UT Start Date Jan 22, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Data Scientist Greater Salt Lake City Contract to Hire Target Pay 45-70 per hour 90-130k annual Our client is global leader in their industry and is looking for a Data Scientist to join their team. In this role you engage with machine learning algorithms, pattern analysis, data modeling that includes predictive model building. You will engage with other team members to build out machine learning solutions and marrying high volumes of data with data models. The ideal candidate will have a passion for data and be an expert in machine learning and data science. Require Skills Master's degree in a quantitative field 3 years of experience within a technology company High level proficiency in Machine Learning Python Expertise in Data Science Solid version control tools Experience with SQL, Spark, Hadoop and similar Bonus skills PhD in a quantitative field Experience with Jupyter Notebooks Able to work in LinuxMac development Experience with production software platforms (GoLang, Java, C++) Perks Unlimited PTO Full benefits Reimbursement for fitness members Charitable donation matches Casual worklife balanced environment Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at www.consultnet.com Id 20-00155
