Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Summary

The successful candidate will possess a diverse range of data-focused skills and experience, both technical and analytical. They will have a strong desire and capability for problem solving, data analysis and troubleshooting, analytical thinking, and experimentation.

Duties, Tasks & Responsibilities
Working with large, complex, and disparate data sets
Designing and implementing innovative ways to analyze and exploit the Sponsors data holdings
Researching and reporting on a wide variety of Sponsor inquiries
Raising proactive inquiries to the Sponsor based on observations and proposed data analysis/exploitation
Solving difficult, non-routine problems by applying advanced analytical methodologies, and improving analytic methodologies
Developing custom searches
Communicating and coordinating with internal and external partners as needed
Required Experience, Skills, & Technologies
Thorough knowledge of appropriate analytic tools and methodologies in one or more of the following:
Applied mathematics (e.g. probability and statistics, formal modeling, computational social sciences)
Computer programming (e.g. programming languages, math/statistics packages, computer science, machine learning, scientific computing)
Ability to code or script in one or more general programming language
Experience with and theoretical understanding of algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, and anomaly detection
Knowledge of relational databases, including SQL and large-scale distributed systems (e.g. Hadoop)
Expertise with statistical data analysis (e.g. linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods)
Demonstrated effectiveness in collecting information and accurately representing/visualizing it to non-technical third parties
TS/SCI with Polygraph
Desired Experience, Skills & Technologies
Previous investigative experience, using a combination of technical and analytic skills
#LI-SS2

ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
