Job Description
Data Scientist
6 Month Contract to hire
Elmhurst, IL
Not able to provide sponsorship for now or in the future

One of Medix's top ranked clients is one of the leading healthcare systems within the Chicagoland area. Our client is looking to add a Data Scientist to their team due to growth. This individual will be responsible for collecting, cleansing, and creating models and reports of company's data. This individual will work out of their western suburbs location.

This opportunity includes a competitive compensation package including medical, dental, visual benefits, remote capability, 401k and PTO options. This also includes free parking and a business casual environment.

Responsibilities include:
Perform highly strategic and complex analysis and develop tools to support company's goals
Collect, cleanse, and distribute data to optimize company future growth
Provide new insights into businesses through statistical analysis, data mining, data visualization, and to create solutions
Work heavily within SQL
Work with SAS, ETL, data processing, programming and data analytics
Work with BI tools including PowerBI or Tableau
Utilize Python programming language
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis
Collaborate with product management and engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Requirements:
Minimum of 7 years of experience working as a Data Scientist extracting data, processing, and performing data analytics
Strong data capturing experience with SQL
Previous exposure in PowerBI or Tableau
Previous SAS, Python, R, or Java programming language experience
Healthcare exposure (Bonus)
Ability to present findings, models, tables, presentations to stakeholders, executives, upper management

Company Description
Here at Medix, we are dedicated to providing workforce solutions to clients throughout multiple industries. We have been named among the Best and Brightest Companies to Work For in the Nation for two consecutive years. Medix has also been ranked as one of the fastest growing companies by Inc. Magazine.

Our commitment to our core purpose of positively impacting 20,000 lives affects not only the way we interact with our clients and talent, but also with our co-workers! The goal is lofty, but it is made attainable through the hard work and dedication of our teams and their willingness to lock arms together. Are you ready to lock arms with us?
