Systems Operations Data Analyst

Wichita, KS

This position is responsible for the development, implementation, enhancement, growth, and support of banks business intelligence systems and services. This position would be required to work with multiple departments in fulfilling data reporting needs and dashboard requests, as well as maintaining and supporting existing reports/dashboards.
Responsible for working on large data/analytics projects that gather and integrate large volumes of data.
Acquire data from multiple data sources in order to perform analysis.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data in order to provide answers to business questions.
Present data and analysis in a clear and concise manner allowing the audience to quickly understand the results.
Collaborate with various partners to provide a holistic view of the data.
Measure and monitor results of applied recommendations and present adjustments.
Ensure all data acquisition, sharing, and results of applied recommendations are compliant with company standards.
Development, administration, maintenance, and support of the reporting tools and dashboards
Streamlining and automating processes to ensure data lineage, consistency, integrity, and transparency.
Perform day-to-day operational support and may be required to mentor potential end users.
Accountable to handle multiple simultaneous data and reporting projects.
Participate in the design and delivery of solutions that support the fundamental data and governance process.
Responsible as primary administrator and architect of future data warehouse.
Other duties as assigned by supervisor
Skill Requirements
Effective communication skills
Effective telephone skills and etiquette
Effective comprehension skills
Effective time management skills
Effective facilitation and presentation skills
Thoroughness and detail oriented
Strong organization and time management skills
Experience working with internal customers on report requirements and development
Experience in querying data and data manipulation/transformation
Experience in business intelligence tools, especially IBM Cognos, SAP Crystal Reports, or similar tools
Experience in Microsoft Office Suite
Strong analytic skills with the ability to extract, collect, organize complex data sets.
Qualifications
Previous business intelligence experience. Data warehouse experience strongly recommended
Demonstrated understanding of banking concepts
Working knowledge of office practices and procedures
Effective communication, time management, and organization skills
Willingness to work nights and weekends during special projects when required.
Minimum 2 years data reporting or business intelligence experience
EOE
