Job Title: Data Scientists

Job Description
Join an elite group dedicated to continuous personal improvement as GCT is currently seeking Data Scientists of all levels to support an intelligence agency with insights gained from analyzing voluminous sensor data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Candidates must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Clearance: TS/SCI w/Full scope polygraph (or used within the past 24 months)

Education/Experience Requirements

Senior Positions:
Masters degree in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, or extensive comparable experience
10+ years of relevant experience
Junior/Intermediate Positions
Completed B.S. in Data Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a closely related technical field
3-9 years of relevant experience
Qualifications
Experience using statistical computer languages (SAS, SPSS, R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights fromlarge data sets
Experience working with and creating data architectures
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong problem solving skills
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
Desired Skills
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, Bayes, etc.
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, AWS, etc.
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.
Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc.
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc.
The success of Great-Circle Technologies depends on the success and well-being of its employees. GCT promotes work/life balance and encourages the overall well-being of each of its contributors. A comprehensive benefits package is provided, which currently includes company paid single medical, dental, life, disability, and long-term care insurances (with contributions to family premiums,) matching 401k plan, 34 days off per year including 10 Federal holidays plus the day after Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year’s eves!

Join us at Great-Circle Technologies, where innovation is the shortest distance between two points.

Great-Circle Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Great-Circle Technologies ensures all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, ethnic background, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, or protected veteran status.
