WuXi NextCODE is seeking a motivated Scientist in Population Genetics to serve as a primary contact for new and existing life science partners. In this capacity he/she is responsible for applying genomic analysis tools to gain insights into clinicogenomic data sets (such as the UK Biobank) for common diseases. Prior experience with NGS data analysis is essential to enable the translation of questions of complex disease biology into our analytical workflows for the identification of drug targets, biomarkers and patient stratification.

This is an exciting position that allows you to interact directly with our life science partners to help them implement NGS analysis workflows and arrive at meaningful insights that have real-world impact. You will leverage your deep scientific knowledge to identify customer challenges and map them to WuXi NextCODEs products and services. This effort will be supported by your collaboration across internal teams from Applied Research, Bioinformatics, Informatics, and Data Science & AI.

Essential Functions

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Engage in scientific discussions with internal teams and external partners to provide scientific expertise for hypothesis generation, study design and data analysis of large scale clinicogenomic data sets.
Serve as the scientific/technical expert point of contact for prospective and existing partners; and identify opportunities to strengthen the scientific collaboration throughout the course of the project.
Apply statistical genetic/genomic approaches to integrate and analyze phenotypic and genomic data with the ultimate aim to identify/validate potential therapeutic targets and biomarkers.
Prepare and deliver original scientific content for proposals, white papers, and publications; and present scientific findings at conferences, in webinars and other thought leadership engagements that showcase the WuXi NextCODE genomic analysis approach and tools.
Effectively communicate complex scientific concepts to a wide-range of audiences with varying levels of expertise both internal and external to the organization.
Skills and experience

The successful candidate will be a results-focused, team-oriented, creative scientist, able to excel in a fast-paced environment. He or she must be self-motivated, detail-oriented and exhibit strong problem-solving skills. In addition, the successful candidate should be a clear and effective communicator, demonstrating strong interpersonal skills to enable collaboration with project teams, peers, management and external partners.
Experience in target discovery and validation pipelines preferred.
Strong statistical programming skills in languages such as R or Python.
Hands on experience with genomic pipelines, quality control procedures, and toolsets.
Ideal candidate is familiar with statistical genetics approaches to large scale genomics (PLINK, GWAS, PheWAS).
Experience applying novel approaches to integrating multi-omic data-sets (e.g., phenomic, genomic, transcriptomic, epigenomic)
D. in genetics, molecular biology or another relevant field preferred.
