Akron, Ohio
Skills : Web Development, Python, hadoop, JavaScript, Engineering, Software Engineer, Artificial Intelligence, J2ME, Java, Management, Data Analysis, Data Scientist, SciPy
Description : Job Responsibilities:
Create complete data analysis solutions for end-user needs Author software to solve data science problems in aviation Identify trends and explain anomalies using data science at scale.
Apply a variety of techniques to analyze heterogeneous data sources Leverage data aggregation, statistical analysis, and data mining algorithms.
Apply efficient data storage and access schemes Interpret and validate results for data-driven decision support Perform key roles in design, development, and implementation Provide technical leadership to software engineers Collaborate with the engineering team to develop solutions.
Apply level of experience and judgement to support planning and accomplish goals Develop scope, cost, and schedule estimates Support and educate customers in the field Interact with customers to gather requirements and communicate scope, cost, & schedule
Requirements:
Minimum of bachelor’s degree or equivalent with a strong background in mathematics and programming Demonstrated capacity for leadership, collaboration, and independent initiative 3-5 years’ experience developing enterprise software and data-driven applications Proficiency with Python 3 development Proficiency with Python Data Science stack (Pandas, SciPy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, Matplotlib, etc. Proficiency in Data Science fundamentals (preprocessing, feature engineering, regression, etc.)
Experience in applying Machine Learning techniques to real-world problems
Experience visualizing and effectively communicating analysis results Preferred: Master’s degree or PhD in computer science, applied math, or engineering Experience developing production-level software solutions integrating multiple technologies Experience developing advanced Data Science solutions (performance assessment, sentiment analysis, etc.)
Experience with processing platforms and tools at scale (Hadoop including Spark 2, Dask, etc.)
Experience with a variety of data management tools (graph databases, HDF5, Parquet, etc.)
Experience with interactive visualization frameworks (Altair, d3js, Vega-Lite, Bokeh, etc.)
Experience with JavaScript for client-side web development (Node.js, React, etc.)
Experience with structured software practices (object-oriented, test-driven development, Agile, etc.)
Domain knowledge in military aviation desired, especially related to analytics Salary and Benefits Salary commensurate with experience Competitive benefits Up to 25% travel
Web Development, Python, hadoop, JavaScript, Engineering, Software Engineer, Artificial Intelligence, J2ME, Java, Management, Data Analysis, Data Scientist, SciPy
