We are seeking a Quality Control Scientist to join our team and perform release testing to ensure that products meet or exceed all quality specifications. This role will also support the management and execution of stability studies. Duties may also include assay design and development activities, technology transfer and other quality related functions as assigned.

About the Role:
Accurately record experimental results in real-time; store/save and report data per Aldevron conventions.
Prior experience and expertise with analytical equipment routinely used to characterize recombinant proteins, including:
Reverse Phase HPLC
Analytical Size Exclusion Chromatography
SDS-PAGE and Western Blot
UV/Vis and Fluorescence Spectroscopy (cuvette and multi-well plate)
ELISA
Endotoxin Detection Assays
Assist in qualification of test methods, writing and review of documents, internal process reviews, and basic equipment maintenance
Strong computer skills (both Microsoft and Apple systems); good familiarity with the Microsoft Office suite
Passion for "hands on" work in a laboratory setting and for continuous learning and improvement
Flexibility and a willingness to work in a fast-paced environment that at times require working hours more than a standard working day or outside of normal operating hours
Contribute to the identification, evaluation and implementation of new laboratory QC equipment and methods
Responsible for helping with technical transfer of assays as assigned
About You:
1+ years of experience, based on education obtained
Associate's degree in the field of chemistry, biochemistry, genetics, cell biology or related field and 4 years of work experience in a Quality Control Laboratory
Bachelor's degree in the field of chemistry, biochemistry, genetics, cell biology or related field and 1 year of work experience in a Quality Control Laboratory.
Strong knowledge of protein biochemistry
Great attention to detail
Why Join Aldevron?
You want meaningful work.We are in a landmark moment in the history of life science, and Aldevron is at the center of it.
You want to plant your career in a growing company.We are growing fast.We have limitless opportunities for people who are ready to roll up their sleeves and jump in.
You are excited to learn every day. At Aldevron, no day is the same. Our team comes to work ready to learn and overcome new challenges with teamwork and a passion to make lives better.
Your talents, ideas, and passion are essential to our success. Join us today!

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
