OUR AGENCY

Making a Difference

SWIB is a trusted and skilled global investment organization managing the assets of the Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) and other separately managed funds. With about $129 billion in total assets under management, SWIB has been recognized by the investment industry for its teamwork and innovation that helps make it a premier asset manager. Sophisticated investment management strategies, forward-looking technologies, and strong internal asset management make SWIB a leading investment organization.

For public employees in Wisconsin, SWIB is a unique and valuable partner. Investing for the financial security of more than 635,000 individuals and for the 1,500 Wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees SWIBs strong management of the WRS has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country. SWIBs long-term investment returns meet the challenges of a constantly evolving investment landscape while helping grow and protect the assets of the WRS, the 8th largest public pension fund in the U.S. and 25th largest public or private pension fund in the world.

We are a mission driven organization and the participants we serve are our mission. By bringing a disciplined, prudent and innovative approach to market opportunities, SWIB has been successful in generating respectable returns and maintaining the trust of the beneficiaries and stakeholders of the funds we oversee.

Join HIGHER PERFORMERS

Home to Top Talent

SWIB has long been recognized as an investment leader because of its success in maintaining the WRS and for the highly-qualified staff overseeing the retirement trust funds. SWIBs internal team invests a majority of its assets under management. This means SWIB is committed to investing in professionals that will keep the organization at the forefront of the investment industry. As an innovative organization, SWIB offers professional development opportunities that enable staff to grow and develop. Approximately 61 percent of SWIBs investment professionals are Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charterholders.

About the Team

Partner with, build, maintain, enhance and manage the data and technology for the Asset and Risk Allocation (ARA) division which is responsible for the overall investment structure of the Core and Variable Trust Funds. ARA recommends and implements the asset allocation for the policy portfolio, recommends and implements the active risk budget, and is responsible for overall risk monitoring and management. The Risk and Analytics IT department primarily partners with the Asset & Risk Allocation team as well as work with other internal divisions. There will be opportunities to apply skills in both technology and finance.

This role offers a unique opportunity to learn and contribute to the technology and the business through technology.

Essential activities:
Creating reporting, decisioning systems or outputs, performing rapid analysis on data issues, and instrumenting the system with data quality rules to proactively catch and prevent issues, creating enriched and enhanced datasets with advanced data manipulation and modeling skills, use of primarily Oracle, SQL Server, Snowflake, Python, delivering risk, return, cost metrics and partner with various internal departments to improve the overall state of technology and operations, architecting, developing, testing, documenting and supporting software and technical solutions for the SWIB ARA team as well as other teams, assess and revisit inventory business logic, calculations and reporting, leveraging SQL, Python and communication skills in various avenues, instrument data quality rules and metrics in the system.

Technical Skills:
Oracle SQL, SQL Server
Snowflake (or some equivalent datastore tool)
Python experience
JIRA and Confluence
Alteryx (or some equivalent ETL tool such as Informatica)
PowerBI (or some equivalent BI tool such as Tableau)
Data Skills:
SQL development
ETL (Extract Transform load) exposure
Python experience
Financial Knowledge recommended but candidates in other industries highly recommended to apply:
Understanding of multi-asset products is desirable
Comprehensions of risk, return and cost metrics in industry is desirable
Exposure to the investment management lifecycle is desirable
The ideal candidate:
5-10 years experience in data analytics, data science, or related fields
Bachelor's degree or advanced degree in finance, quantitative finance, or another related field
Ability to take various questions gathered from the business leveraging existing data as well as improving upon that data to deliver complete, consistent and precise answers
Experience in working with/understanding the various lifecycles of data management, extraction, loading, transformation to its applications in analysis, research and solving problems
Extensive knowledge in composing Oracle SQL, SQL Server queries, data modeling, and having a SQL and analytics background
Experience in identifying use cases for the business, contributing to analysis and understanding of existing data models with iterative recommendations on improvement resulting in some improvement in risk, return or cost for the organization
Extensive knowledge of data extraction, transformation and loading
Experience refactoring SQL queries, use of Python
Experience working with large structured and financial data sets
Ability to follow rigor in creating/updating documentation, maintain process (i.e. JIRA tickets) and following technology and business best practices
Ability to present and communicate well and connect business and technology
Ability to tactically understand results in context (i.e. when does something look wrong), and strategically how to resolve those issues via data quality and rule-based instrumentation
Interest in newer data technologies, Snowflake programming, i.e. Python
Interest or experience in investment management, quantitative finance and technology
Background in Agile methodologies and their applications
SWIB Offers:
Competitive McLagan-base salary
Meaningful performance-based incentive compensation
A comprehensive benefit package
Educational and training opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Challenging work in a professional environment
The position requires U.S. work authorization and residency in, or willingness to relocate to the Madison, Wisconsin area. SWIB is prepared to offer relocation assistance as needed.
