Marketing Business Analyst


We are currently seeking a Marketing Data Analyst to join our growing team. The ideal candidate is high-achieving, intellectually curious, solutions-oriented and has great communication skills.

You’ll learn what it’s like to work in a fast-paced environment where we rely on data to make business decisions. You’ll become an important member of our team and contribute towards achieving our goals, while learning and developing new skills.

At Elephant Insurance, we believe that people who like what they do, do it better. We pride ourselves on a relaxed and dynamic company culture that has earned us the honor of being named one of the best places to work! As our company grows, we encourage an environment of individual contribution, long-term commitment, and employee growth and development.

Elephant Insurance strives towards creating and sustaining a flexible, adaptable and customer-centric workplace atmosphere. We aim to uphold our start-up mentality backed by one of the UK’s largest insurers, Admiral Group. We value our ability to identify and develop talented, motivated people to help Elephant become a growing, profitable, sustainable company with the customer at the center.

Developer Program:


You’ll be placed with our Management Information System (MIS) Department for a 3-6 month rotation to learn about our ETL (extract, transform and load) processes and how to assist in the day-to-day upkeep of the Elephant Data Warehouse. Here you will learn the skills necessary to support the Marketing Department as a Data Analyst. These skills include:
Thorough understanding of the Elephant Data Warehouse structure
Data Warehouse maintenance and development
The ability to extract, transform, and load data through SSIS into the Sandbox
SQL querying and reporting creation as requested by the business
Responsibilities could include:


Delivering information to and maintaining a Sandbox that is accurate, complete and meaningful
Supporting marketing efforts – collaborating on cross-functional projects, creating ad hoc analyses, presenting findings and recommendations to senior leadership
Optimizing conversion – monetizing unwanted leads, assisting with remarketing and retargeting campaigns and improving website performance
Assisting in purchasing leads – managing vendor relationships, coordinating day-to-day campaign adjustments, running and evaluating A/B tests
Qualifications:


Bachelor's degrees in math, statistics, economics, marketing or business
Basic understanding of programming through SQL, R, Python, or any other language is preferred
Must be flexible, have an aptitude for critical thinking and display outstanding communication skills
Must complete an aptitude and personality profile test to be considered for the position
