Home » New Job from Competentia
Data Scientist

Vacancy Number: 26111

Location: Houston, TX

Date Posted: May 18, 2020

Data Scientist

About the role

Our client’s Petroleum Innovation Team enables the discovery, prioritization, de-risking and delivery of step change and disruptive innovation opportunities in support of Petroleum growth and value. We are seeking unique and diverse skills to inject new thoughts and perspectives into our Innovation efforts. Our client is excited to bring together passionate and creative individuals with diverse Petroleum, Technology and Innovation backgrounds to join our team.

The Innovation Data Scientist role will be part of an agile team responsible for de-risking and reducing uncertainty around how new technologies can be used to solve our most challenging problems. This role is responsible for executing data science tasks designed to make better use of company’s vast amounts of data and develop insights that have business value. This role requires a unique skillset with the ability to merge the rapid developments of computer science and machine learning with the rich depth of disparate and complex data sets such as 3D spatial geoscience data, time series operations data, and legacy unstructured data. We need out of the box thinkers, unafraid to try new things and learn from how other industries work with data. This is individual contributor role in which you will be developing algorithms to integrate and analyse data sets as part of a multi-disciplinary team and building Proofs of Concepts and Minimum Viable Products proving out new and innovative concepts.

In this role you will:
Work under the supervision of senior data scientists, geoscientists and engineers.
Develop machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms to extract insights from complex, disparate and sometimes sparse data sets.
Develop Proofs of Concepts and Minimum Viable Products capable of delivering analytic insights to end users.
Collaborate with other team members and the business to understand problem statements and formulate approaches for solving specific business challenges
Assist with the build out and maintenance of an AWS development environment.
Research and identify potential technology solutions from external partners
Attend relevant industry and technology conferences/seminars and bring back learnings for sharing to the broader Innovation Team and Petroleum Business.
Foster attitude that value and promote innovation.
About you
Bachelors (Master is preferred) degree in STEM major from accredited institution.
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills with a thirst to learn new areas.
3+ years’ experience in
