C&L Aerospace, a C&L Aviation Group company, is seeking qualified applicants for a full-time Inventory and Data Analyst at our Bangor, Maine location. The position is within a fun and fast professional environment where the ideal candidate will be responsible for monitoring various aircraft type inventories to ensure adequate stock levels as prescribed by the Program Managers.

We are looking for a passionate candidate who will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions.

Job Responsibilities
Interpret data, analyze results and provide ongoing reports on the various aircraft inventory programs C&L offers
Work with the Repairs & Logistics Teams in Bangor on a daily basis to achieve the set goals put in place across the various aircraft inventory programs C&L offers
Keep data collection systems updated and accurate for reporting services
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing reports generated from the data collected
Work with Program Manager to prioritize business and information needs
Monitor inventory in aircraft inventory programs to maintain required levels
Maintain updated and accurate records of inventory; including transfers, exchanges and the repair cycle
Review inventory and monitor application codes to search for discrepancies and troubleshoot discrepancies between stock and records
Prepare and generate aircraft inventory program reports; review reports monthly with Program Manager
Other tasks as required
Experience/ Previous Training
Highly proficient with Microsoft Excel, Advanced User preferred
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Proficient with computers and other standard office technology
Superior organizational skills
Ability to work well independently and as part of a team
Ability to follow directions, policies, and procedures with a positive attitude
Individuals that are mechanically minded would be an advantage
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst is beneficial
Technical expertise regarding data analysis and reporting on the data is beneficial
Previous Aviation experience is an advantage but not required


Job Status – Full Time

Location – Bangor, ME

What working with us is like

C&L Aviation Group is not your typical aviation company. We believe strongly that healthy wages and a happy work environment contribute to a better quality of life, and as such that quality is reflected in your work. At C&L, you’re more than just a pair of hands. You’re an integral part of our team and future growth plans. As such, there is an opportunity for you to improve and advance with our company.

A Better Relationship

Good employees don’t leave jobs, they leave bad bosses. Our talented and trained leadership team cares about you, and your success at C&L. They strive to stay engaged with you to make sure you’re happy and achieving your goals and potential. They also manage by leading and working collaboratively with everyone. This atmosphere leads to happier employees, better work and a respected reputation with our customers.

A Bright Future

It sounds cheesy, but we want your future to shine so brightly that you need shades. Here at C&L, we provide an atmosphere that fosters both personal and professional growth. Our future here at C&L is bright too. In fact, our 25-year old company has grown from one guy selling aircraft parts out of his basement to now over 200 people, with a 140,000 Sq. Ft Facility offering parts sales, aircraft heavy maintenance, avionics installations, engineering, interior refurbishments, exterior paint, component repair, and aircraft sales.

It’s been a great ride so far and we plan to keep growing. We need your help to do that. Right now, we have hit a point where we are at capacity turning work away – we need more people! Together, we can continue with our growth plans.

A Bigger Vision

We feel very fortunate to be able to grow the way we have. Because of that, we want to provide opportunities for employees to participate in making a difference in the community around us. The best way for us to do that is to help the community around grow with us. That’s why we have adopted a local school, helped fund a local community garden, provide holiday meals for those in need and purchased winter coats for area children.

If you have a particular way you like to give back to others less fortunate, we would love to hear about it, and work together to integrate that into our existing charitable programs.

About the Area

You’ll find Bangor, Maine area is a great place to live and play. It’s a small community of roughly 100,000 people, and the commercial and social center of Northern and Eastern Maine. It is the region’s largest center of retail and service businesses and home to great schools and Universities, College sporting events, a vibrant nightlife and several exceptional event and concert venues.

This is a Full-Time Position and includes the following benefits:
Medical
Dental
Life Insurance
Long-Term and Short-Term Disability
401k
To apply for this position, please fill out our application and submit your resume and cover letter to resumes@cla.aero.
