Job Description:

Symetra is seeking to hire an amazing Data Analyst to join our team!

About the role

Our Data Analyst will be responsible for designing, developing and maintaining database components and providing support for data integration initiatives. You will be responsible for understanding and documenting business and technical data requirements by partnering with business customers and business analysts. The Data Analyst will also draw out requirements by analyzing existing reports, queries, and data.

Your responsibilities
Develop and lead the effort to collect, compile and analyze data, from various structured and unstructured sources. Provide technical consulting in the definition, design, and creation of Microsoft SQL database environment.
Transform client requests into data deliverables to include data models, data mappings and data transformation rules.
Debug and optimize existing queries, views, and tables to improve performance.
Create custom reports to support multiple functional users.
Design and develop packages to transfer data from source to destinations using ETL process.
Requirements:

Your education, experience and skills
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience.
3 - 5 years related work experience with SQL Server data administration.
Business and data analysis experience.
Proficient in Microsoft SQL Server.
Strong communication skills; ability to interface with office teams and business stakeholders.
Report development experience with SSRS.
Experience in proactive analysis, scripting and generating reports.
Experience with ETL tools, appliances and platforms a plus – MuleSoft, Informatica, Jitterbit, CastIron. Experience in Financial Services/Insurance a plus.
What we offer you

We don’t take a “one-size-fits-all” approach when it comes to our employees. Our programs are designed to make your life better—both at work and at home.
•Flexible work and telecommute arrangements •Wellness program offering employees a variety of resources designed to assist you in reaching and maintaining your optimum health
•Paid time away options to accommodate your needs and life’s events, including vacation (our favorite), illness, caring for a family member, volunteering, the birth or adoption of a child, the loss of a family member and more
•Ongoing learning and skills development through our college tuition assistance, professional education certification programs and more
•Plan for your future with our 401(k) plan and take advantage of immediate vesting and company matching up to 6%
•Give back to your community and double your impact through our company matching and/or participate in our company-wide week of service each June
•Want more details? Check out our Symetra Benefits Overview

In a complex industry, we strive for clarity.

Symetra is a dynamic and growing financial services company with 60 years of experience and customers nationwide. In our daily work delivering retirement, employee benefits, and life insurance products, we're guided by the principles of VALUE, TRANSPARENCY AND SUSTAINABILITY. That means we provide products and services people need at a competitive price, we communicate clearly and honestly so people understand what they're getting, and we build products that stand the test of time. We work hard and do what's right for our customers, communities and employees. Join our team and share in our success as we work toward becoming the next national player in our industry.

Learn more about our careers at www.symetra.com/careers

#LI-LL1
