The Senior Content Data Analyst


STRATEGIC | DATA DRIVEN | CUSTOMER CHAMPION

As the Senior Content Data Analyst at A Cloud Guru, you'll be responsible for supporting our Content organization with strategic reporting and insights. This role requires an individual who can break down complex business problems into actionable insights. The ideal skill-set for this role matches a passion for data, curiosity, and a tool-kit involving a combination of SQL and exposure to another programming language (Python/R). To succeed in this role you'll need to help the team organize large data streams into usable and effective visualizations and insights so the team can enable our students through data. We'll focus on teaching you all about the cloud while you're here, but any knowledge in advance about AWS or general cloud practices will go a long way!

Hello, we're A Cloud Guru


Our friends call us ACG.

We're on a mission to teach the WORLD to cloud. A Cloud Guru is the largest online cloud school on the planet. Our training feels more like logging into Netflix or Spotify - it's entertaining and playful. The people are the #1 reason employees say they stay at ACG. We're a quirky, tight-knit crew that cares about our customers and each other. No egos here. Our leaders encourage thoughtfulness, compassion, being humble, and we have a bit of fun along the way.

It's an exciting time to join the team, because we're in a really unique space. We have an amazing product that people want, and we're in an industry that's tripling in size overnight.

It's a FUN work environment. Like a beautiful garden, we are given opportunities to grow." - Alexander, Customer Support Specialist

As a Senior Content Data Analyst at ACG, you'll get to:
Work on high impact projects to guide the direction of our content
Work closely with content teams teach and direct initiatives through data and insights
Work with cloud software platforms (Redshift, Looker, Segment.io)
Collaborate with other analysts to expose the best data sets to the teams
Explore creative ways to tackle data problems through traditional analytics and advanced statistics
Contribute to a holistic data pipeline
Build self-service data-sets
We are looking for someone who can:
Influence stakeholders through clear and concise data insights
Work well with other teams and adapt quickly to changing requirements
Deal with ambiguous requests and drive towards identifying the source of problems
Deliver accurate and professional reporting and insights
Learn quickly and has an appetite for constant improvement and growth
Teach others how to use and engage with data
What you bring to the table


We focus on hiring values aligned people, because we believe the right person can learn all the things to be successful in their role. Self-confidence plays a big part in what you apply for. We encourage all job applicants to apply even if they are nervous to do so. College degrees aren't required for any roles, and career gaps or switches are totally welcome.
3+ years experience as a Data Analyst (or similar title)
Basic experience and interest in predictive and/or statistical modeling
Experience dealing with event stream data
Reporting tools (Looker, Tableau, Periscope Data, Chartio, etc.)
Beginner to moderate SQL experience (3 years)
R or Python experience preferred
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ambitious, self-motivated, goal-oriented and analytical
Ability to work autonomously
You need hunger and passion to succeed, but you also need humility. It's not about chest beating here. It's about collaboration. Travis, VP of Sales

More than a job


Where you work isn't just a career decision -- it's a life decision. We get it. That's why we want all of our Gurus to feel a sense of belonging that comes from feeling supported in all areas of their lives. Everyone has family, friends and interests outside of their careers, so we offer perks and benefits to make work, work better for you.
4 weeks PTO, plus 10 sick days, and holidays. Whether it's hiking to a waterfall in Costa Rica or bonding with your couch, we all need downtime. All Gurus get four weeks paid time off, 10 sick days, and enough holiday to make a banker blush.
Let's get lunch. Lunches are catered three times per week, and our kitchen stays stocked with a smorgasbord of the team's most requested snacks and drinks.
Parking is on us. We have your Downtown parking covered. We offer paid garage parking nearby the office. We also have perks for going green by walking and taking public transit.
We've got you covered. We offer insurance plans that pay for 100% of your medical, dental, and vision, and 80% for your family/dependents.
Gender-neutral paid parental leave. Expanding your family? We offer 12 weeks of gender-neutral paid parental leave, and reimburse up to $10,000 for eligible adoption expenses.
$1,000 continuing education budget. All Gurus get $250 a quarter to spend on personal development, and 2 hours each week reserved for learning something new.
What's the interview process like at ACG?


Applying for a job can feel intimidating and like a full-time job of its own. You shouldn't have to burn through a week of sick time or all your best out-of-office excuses just to put feelers out for a new career opportunity. We want to be as transparent about the process as possible to help ease your mind. It's our goal to provide you a fair, efficient interviewing experience that respects you and your time and to do it all with a sidecar of delight.

Once you submit an application, we'll review it. If you're a good fit, you'll have an initial chat with a recruiter over the phone. A phone interview with a manager typically follows. Depending on your role, you might then be asked to do a little homework (but nothing too time consuming). Then we'll bring you onsite to talk face to face, answer any questions you have, and give you a feel for what it's really like to work at ACG. If you're on the fence, just give it a try.

Keep being awesome, Cloud Gurus.
