Serve as the technical expert for flavor ingredients discovery of biomolecule (Protein/Carbohydrates/lipids/nuclei acids to small molecules) from natural sources such as botanicals, food items, enzymatic and fermentation processed products. This will include ingredient discovery on a lab scale and contribution towards commercial process development. Contribute to development and execution of foundational research portfolio projects. Extend our internal know-how in natural ingredient discovery and improve lead to commercialization times. Collaborate on global interdisciplinary project teams with internal and external partners. Independently plan and execute experimental studies.

Primary Responsibilities:
Design and execute experimental studies focused on flavor ingredient discovery from natural resources. Provide technical and scientific oversight of flavor ingredient research in aroma and taste areas. Work closely with project management, flavorists, food application and other ingredient discovery experts.
Contribute expert knowledge on projects in sourcing and selecting botanicals and food items to discover the key active ingredients which meet the business needs via activities such as project planning, literature searches, and feasibility studies.
Participate in the creative process to build the foundational research portfolio via opportunity investigations through ideation and collaboration with internal teams and external experts. Monitor the state of art technology in separation, and structure elucidation areas.
Communicate research results via technical reports and other communication channels.
Education and Experience:
Ph.D. degree in analytical or organic chemistry with food science and/or natural products experience.
Hands on experience in modern chromatographic (MPLC, HPLC), preparative and semi-preparative isolations of components (biomolecules) from complex food and plant materials. Demonstrated technical knowledge of mass spectrometry techniques to assist in structure elucidation of biomolecules.
Conduct sensory guided separation and identification of key aroma and taste active components using chromatographic and spectroscopic techniques.
A wide understanding of applications in proteomics, metabolomics, separation, purification, identification or quantification of complex biomolecules.
Extensive experience in flavor research or relevant food chemistry. Profound knowledge in phytochemistry and/or biomolecules is preferred and knowledge to understand chemistry occurrence in enzymatic or fermentation process is a big plus. Develop systematic plan for sourcing botanical/food samples with desirable flavor or taste properties.
Experience in computer aided data processing, mass spectra libraries, and statistical tools.
