Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, this position is responsible for designing, modeling and developing data analysis and visualization systems that integrate laboratory, operation and research data. The Sr. Scientist leads the development and creation of workflows for data analysis using modern tools for experimental data throughout the research process with a focus on optimizing user experience, and provides data handling and data management related recommendations as well. S/he leads projects and works in collaboration with a multi-disciplinary team, develops scripts to analyze data from multiple data sources and recommends enhancements to data workflow processes, designs, builds, implements, improves and maintains high performance and highly scalable automated data pipelines. In addition, the individual oversees transition of data pipelines to production settings, develops technology choices and practices that support pipeline maturation, and researches and assesses the viability of new data management and processing technologies.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Leads multiple projects and initiatives to develop and support scripts to analyze data from multiple sources in research.
Takes the lead to develop and support custom web applications (R-Shiny) for in-vitro and in-vivo experiments.
Develops and supports data queries, reports and visualizations from our Research LIMS.
Provide ad-hoc data analysis support as needed
Troubleshoot server-side application issues
Analyzes issues and recommends enhancements to data workflow processes.
Trains and mentors less experienced team members.
Generates documentation on data related processes
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA degree in Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or related field and 6+ years of experience with HTML/Javascript and user interface design as well as querying and wrangling data from an Oracle Database, OR
Master’s degree in Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or related field and 4+ years of experience as noted above, OR
PharmD or PhD in Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or related field and 2+ years of experience as noted above
Expert in one or more of R/MATLAB/Python programming languages
Expert in data visualization design
Proficient in MS Office applications
Comfortable with Ubuntu and Windows Servers
Strong project management skills, with the ability to lead research informatics projects
Understands key business drivers and uses this understanding to accomplish work
Has strong understanding of processes, procedures and systems used to accomplish the work and recognizes downstream impact on other functional areas
Proficient with tools and processes that support work conducted by functional area
Ability to work as part of a team; may train lower levels
Excellent computer skills
Strong communications, problem-solving, analytical thinking skills
Detail oriented yet can see broader picture for department
Ability to meet multiple deadlines, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
