About Us


Interested in working for a human-centered technology company that prides itself on using modern tools and technologies? Want to be surrounded by intensely curious and innovative thinkers?

Seeking to solve complex technical challenges by building products that work for people, meet and exceed the needs of businesses, and work elegantly and efficiently?

Modeling ourselves after the 1904 World's Fair, which brought innovation to the region, 1904labs is seeking top technical talent in St. Louis to bring innovation and creativity to our clients.

Our clients consist of Fortune 500 and Global 2000 companies headquartered here in St. Louis. We partner with them on complex projects that range from reimagining and refactoring their existing applications, to helping to envision and build new applications or data streams to operationalize their existing data. Working in a team-based labs model, using our own flavor of #HCDAgile, we strive to work at the cutting edge of technology's capabilities while solving problems for our clients and their users.

The Role


As a Data Scientist with 1904labs, you will be working with other data scientists, data engineers, and developers to provide analytical services to clients. You will leverage the clients' data assets to answer business questions using best practices and innovative approaches. This will mean employing various data science tools (Python, apache spark, TensorFlow) and techniques (dimensionality reduction, unsupervised learning, supervised learning) to create and test machine learning algorithms. Once tested and verified you will work with development teams to implement the algorithm as a scalable, hosted service.

We're looking for an experienced and creative data scientist who can conceptualize a project from start to finish, identifying the appropriate data and methodologies to use. Our Data Scientists work with open-source machine learning packages and libraries, so this position involves building custom ML/AI utilities from open-source resources in languages such as Python (preferred) and R. In this role, you will own and share technical solutions with both technical and non-technical stakeholders across multiple teams both internally and with external clients.

Responsibilities
Perform data analysis to understand the right combinations of data to meet outlined objectives
Translate client queries into actionable data pulls and help translate outputs into client strategies
Build and evaluate predictive modeling & machine learning utilities to produce meaningful outcomes that enable data-led decisions
Translate analysis results into actionable insights
Present insights to both technical and non-technical audiences
Partner with internal data scientists, developers, and tech teams to develop new methodologies and utilities
Work with development teams to implement data science algorithms as scalable, hosted services
Your Skills
Requirements
Background in math including linear algebra, statistics, probability, and numerical analysis.
Machine Learning Analysis: Must be able to execute, evaluate, and apply various models such as logistic regression, random forests/decision tree, nearest neighbor, neural net, support vector machine, an ensemble of multiple models, etc
Programming: Proficient coding in a language suited for machine learning systems such as Python or R (not reliant on GUI-based systems to execute analysis) for the purpose of cleaning, manipulating, visualizing, and analyzing data
Desired Skills
Experience with software engineering and developing deployable API services
Must be adaptable and have the drive to learn new technologies and frameworks to support developing client solutions
Using browser based interactive computational environments (like Jupyter Notebook) to perform analysis activities and test / evaluate data models and algorithms.
Tools: Spark, Pandas, SciKit-Learn, TensorFlow, Keras, SQL
Communication: Must be able to explain analysis process and translate results into actionable insights for both technical and non-technical audiences
Teamwork: Must be accountable for individual responsibilities while working collaboratively with development and engineering teams to achieve project deliverables
Comfort in an agile development environment (eg. writing stories, participating in workshops, sprint planning and retros)
Perks
Benefits Program (medical, dental, life insurance, 401(k), professional and personal development, PTO)
Innovation Time - we allow 10% of your time to be devoted to innovation hours. This time can be used to foster individual ideas, personal projects, start up ideas, improve an open source tool or for career advancement and self-education. All during traditional working hours.
Dress Code - we don't have one
These roles are located in St. Louis, MO. While we would prefer local candidates your location is not the most important factor; please help us understand why you would like to call St. Louis home if you would be relocating.

]]>
