Position: Lead Data Scientist

Location: Cincinnati, OH

Full-time, exempt

Join the PatientPoint Business Intelligence & Data Science team in our new Kenwood Cincinnati headquarters office space. Work for a growing entrepreneurial organization where you can apply your critical thinking skills and your ideas and suggestions are valued. Be a part of a team that implements emerging technology and applies the latest quantitative methods to solve complex problems.

What you will be doing

Far beyond just executing analysis, this key role collaborates, designs and creates statistical models and case study designs that fundamentally change the way we do business. See your greatest works appear in downstream dashboards, mission critical predictive models and processes that are based on successful machine learning.

Work on a team with data engineers that will build data ingestion & transformation processes to support your industry leading data science applications in predictive modeling and machine learning deployments. Design, create and deploy analytics solutions leveraging billions of log records from digital interactive touchscreen devices.

This position offers you a great opportunity to help build out an entire data science roadmap with the flexibility and the responsibility to develop accurate and reliable data products. This person plays an important role in selecting statistical methodologies and therefore must have a passion for staying current on the newest developments in the data science space.

As a data scientist, you will apply your critical thinking skills to understand and, sometimes, reframe high level business questions, prototype new ideas, run experiments, and iterate to better design data driven solutions to business problems. On other projects you might create advanced data queries and scripts for creating useful model features - including leveraging data from multiple external APIs.

There are opportunities to lead client-facing presentations, communication, and overall project ownership. Moreover, there are opportunities for data science thought leadership to lead the data science strategy and execution for large programs.

Plus, there will be minimal travel, we have a new office space, you will have career growth opportunities, you will get interesting projects and can enjoy free coffee!

What you need to be successful

A college degree and several years of work experience. Your experience should include direct hands-on work using analytics to establish and change business policy. MS degree preferred in applied statistics, computer science or engineering.

You must have strong statistical modeling skills. The ideal candidate will have advanced knowledge of machine learning and predictive modeling techniques. You will be asked to provide an example from your experience leading predictive modeling initiatives. You will need these and other skills to mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract actionable insights for a wide range of topics including internal operations, product development, campaign performance, market dynamics, etc.

This position requires that you have mastery and experience with statistical programming in R and Python. You must be very proficient with Python including Pandas, NumPy and Scikit-learn. In R, you must be comfortable with the tidyverse (dplyr and ggplot2) but also specific libraries for training linear and non-linear models, survival analysis, time series forecasting, etc.

Mastery of SQL programming and relational data extract. Data definition, transformation and preaggregation techniques helpful.

Ability to break down complex business and technical problems into opportunities for analytical study. Particularly, you should have experience with and know when to apply regression analysis, A/B testing, power analysis, anomaly detection, model validation and selection, building of ensemble models, network analysis, simulation, conducting inferential analysis with spatial and time series data, nearest neighbor, deep learning methods, etc.

Experience with data visualization tools (ex: Microsoft PowerBI)

Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills demonstrating an ability to "tell a story", listening and persuasion.

Experience with storage and retrieval of data in NoSQL databases helpful.

Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Kudos if you have:

Working knowledge of graph databases.

Experience with Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS 2012 and higher).

Experience with geospatial analysis.

Experience with reporting using SalesForce Wave or Einstein Analytics

This is an excellent opportunity and includes a competitive pay and benefits package, including health, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance as well as 401(k) retirement plan with matching company contribution, paid time off, and holidays. No relocation is available.

PatientPoint® is a patient engagement solutions company passionately committed to making every doctor-patient engagement better. By harnessing the power of technology, our omnichannel platform more effectively educates and empowers patients, caregivers and staff to deliver improved health outcomes and an enhanced patient experience. For 30 years, hospitals, health systems, physician offices and sponsoring brands have trusted PatientPoint and its more than 450 team members to provide a uniquely integrated experience across care settings. Learn more at patientpoint.com.

Employer is EOE/M/F/D/V
