Help shape the future of Data Science across Liberty!

As a technical member of the Office of Data Science (ODS), Enablement & Collaboration unit, you will work with a team of data science (DS) and machine learning (ML) experts to solve Liberty's most challenging data science problems.

The ODS was created to provide additional centralized support and expertise to DS teams across the global organization. Our projects focus on key areas of interest to multiple teams, bleeding edge research and experimentation, common tool development, and establishing best practices to ensure the scientific community at Liberty is well-positioned to rapidly meet the challenges of modern industry.

If you are interested in making an impact on an entire culture at a Fortune 100 company, the ODS is the place for you!

As a centralized group, our project scope is vast. Possible projects include:
Design new language models (NLP/NLU) to understand and build predictions or summaries from customer calls, claim notes, web chats, medical records, and beyond
Detect property hazards from aerial imagery, customer photos, geospatial data, etc. using computer vision (CV)
Explore the advantages and limitations of privacy-preserving ML, to accelerate experimentation and better protect our customers' data
Push the boundaries in fundamental experimentation to boost and augment small-sample or rare-event data, transfer learning, and similar techniques
Engage in theoretical research in collaboration with MIT, via Liberty's investment in the MIT Quest for Intelligence, to shape the future of AI
Benefits:
We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to positive change. In return for your service, it's our privilege to offer you benefits and rewards that support your life and well-being. To learn more about our benefit offerings please visit: https://LMI.co/Benefits
Overview:
At Liberty Mutual, we give motivated, accomplished professionals the opportunity to help us redefine what insurance means; to work for a global leader with a deep sense of humanity and a focus on improving and protecting everyday lives. We create an inspired, collaborative environment, where people can take ownership of their work; push breakthrough ideas; and feel confident that their contributions will be valued and their growth championed.
We're dedicated to doing the right thing for our employees, because we know that their fulfillment and success leads us to great places. Life. Happiness. Innovation. Impact. Advancement. Whatever their pursuit, talented people find their path at Liberty Mutual.
