SocialChorus is a platform for communicators. We help them become heroes within their organizations by giving them the tools and expertise they need to unify their enterprises. Companies thrive and win when all of their workers feel aligned, informed and supported. In simple terms, we help companies work as one.

Joining SocialChorus means joining a movement where every worker matters. This movement has taken root and is evident in our world-class customer base and their millions of employees worldwide. Now we need your help to achieve our goal of connecting every worker. Ready to make a difference?

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Engineer to help elevate our communications platform which is being used by the largest companies in the world in some of the most technically complex environments you can find. You will architect and design “big data” systems which require queries returning within sub-second response times. Ready for a challenge?

We are a distributed team. We build solutions for distributed workforces so we model our workforce the same way. In this role you really can work where you want, but for this role we are only considering candidates based in the United States (US citizens and green card holders only please).
Responsibilities
Design systems that reliably and efficiently provide interactive query performance on large amounts of multi-modal data
Build systems that handle scale
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a variety of data sources using SQL and AWS ‘big data’ technologies
Collect, parse, analyze, and visualize large sets of data
Turn data into insights
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product
Qualifications
Experience with large-scale data and query optimization techniques
Experience with ETL to data warehouse systems
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, RDS, Redshift, AuroraExpert in SQL, NoSQL, and RDBMS
Knowledge in multiple scripting languages (e.g. Python)
Knowledge of cloud, distributed systems, and stream-processing systems
Passionate about learning new technologies and solving hard problems in a fast-paced environment
The ideal fit...
Has a Computer Science degree
Has 5+ years experience in SaaS development environments
Is a "student of the game" and thrives on new challenges
Enjoys learning from teammates, and isn't afraid to teach others at the same time
Sees the glass half-full. This is a new industry space...your vision could make all the difference!
Wants to make a lasting impact and lifelong connections, this is not just another paycheck
Why SocialChorus?

Because you care. About people, the work you do, and the connections you make. Work is such a large part of life, it only makes sense to make it awesome.

If you want to engage brilliant minds in a true start-up environment where ideas are rewarded regardless of who they come from, join us. This is a rapidly changing space so if you thrive on ambiguity, are hungry for a challenge, and have the guts to speak your mind it could be a perfect fit.

Come for the challenges, come for engaging people in a casual and friendly environment. Come for the unlimited PTO, the health benefits, the 401k plan, the annual retreats (including family), the twice-a-year hackathons, the 10% exploratory time, the ability to contribute to open source, and the potential to work from anywhere.

Whatever the reason you come to SocialChorus, your new co-workers along with a leadership team who truly believes in your growth both professionally and personally will keep you here.
