Posting Title
Data Scientist – Causal & Predictive analytics, Novartis AI Innovation

14-Apr-2020

Job ID
285099BR

Job Description
750 million. That’s how many lives our products touch. And while we’re proud of that fact, in this world of digital and technological transformation, we must also ask ourselves this: how can we continue to improve and extend even more people’s lives?

We believe the answers are found when curious, courageous and collaborative people like you are brought together in an inspiring environment. Where you’re given opportunities to explore the power of digital and data. Where you’re empowered to risk failure by taking smart risks, and where you’re surrounded by people who share your determination to tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges.

We are Novartis. Join us and help us reimagine medicine.

Two companies and one incredible alliance. Novartis and Microsoft have formed alliance to leverage data & Artificial Intelligence (AI) to develop transformative medicines faster and more cost-effectively for patients worldwide. We are seeking a thought leader and team player to join the Novartis Innovation AI Lab to advance the field of Life Science and healthcare analytics. In this newly formed alliance with Microsoft, you will provide in depth expertise in Causal & Predictive analysis for Novartis.
Your responsibilities:
In this newly created role, you will:
• Conduct end-to-end Causal & Predictive analysis of large scale healthcare data sets
• Take a hands-on role and deliver on highly visible multiple projects
• Serve as an ambassador for Novartis Data Science by presenting and publishing articles at conferences, business meetings and academic institutions
• Facilitate design and creation of knowledge repositories
• Collaborate with the digital and DSAI teams
• Keep ahead of latest development in the field and share expertise
• Inspire others on culture change

Minimum requirements
What you’ll bring to the role:
• An advanced degree (master’s or doctoral) in a highly quantitative field including but not limited to Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Biomedial Engineering, Computational Physics, Electrical Engineering
• Relevant experience in Causal & Predictive analytics
• Experience conducting end-to-end analysis for large scale healthcare data sets
• Cross-industry experience highly preferred and previous experience in either pharma, biotech or healthcare desired.

3+ years of relevant experience in Causal & Predictive analytics

Job Type
Full Time

Country
USA

Work Location
Cambridge, MA

Functional Area
BD&L & Strategic Planning

Division
CORPORATE

Business Unit
DIGITAL OFFICE

Employment Type
Regular

Company/Legal Entity
Novartis Corporation

EEO Statement
The Novartis Group of Companies are Equal Opportunity Employers and take pride in maintaining a diverse environment. We do not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion or any other employment practices for reasons of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, marital or veteran status, disability, or any other legally protected status.

Shift Work
No
