Entegra Systems is almost one year in to a new, five year PRIME contract in CSD. We are currently recruiting Systems Engineers to support a mission involved with the evaluation and defense of our nation's cybersecurity posture. Our engineers will have the opportunity to help shape our nation's cybersecurity strategy. You’d have access to leading edge technology and a long-term opportunity to work with cybersecurity thought leaders who are shaping future work. You would be working with the MITREATT&CK framework and using data modeling techniques and tools such as Neo4J graph database, as well as other GOTS tools to model cyber knowledge. This mission also supports the Cybersecurity Directorate Chief Data Steward and other key parts of the Cybersecurity Strategic Mission Management organization.
Candidates will be responsible for the analysis of user’s requirements, creation of concept of operations documents, and providing high level system architectures to develop system requirements specifications. Analyzes system requirements and leads design and development activities. Will guide users in formulating requirements, advises alternative approaches, and conducts feasibility studies. Provides technical leadership for the integration of requirements, design, and technology. Incorporates new plans, designs and systems into ongoing operations. Works as part of a team with project managers and customers to fulfil requirements.
Requirements: Fourteen (14) years’ experience in programs and contracts of similar scope, type and complexity within the Federal Government is required. Bachelor’s degree in System Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering Science, Engineering Management, or related discipline from an accredited college or university is required. Five (5) years of additional SE experience may be substituted for a bachelor’s degree.

Entegra Systems designs, develops and deploys advanced technology and performs critical analytical roles to support our nation’s most important intelligence missions. Whether as a valued partner to other leading contractors, or directly for federal customers, Entegra brings innovative thinking, top-tier talent, and a positive attitude to every aspect of every project. Ethics and integrity are at the heart of our name, our brand, our people, our product, our way of doing business. Ethics and integrity are our core values that guide everything we do.
The work is challenging. The team is top-notch. The benefits are almost too good to be true.
There’s a reason Entegra is such a terrific place to work. Our founders looked at their own experiences as employees, and consciously decided to create a workplace that represented the “best of the best” of where they’d worked before. And make it even better.
Competitive pay is a given, though at Entegra, you do get paid for every hour you work. Our benefits have become something of a legend in our community. They’re that good. Because our people are our most important investment. Everybody gets time and budget for training. And we always work with our people to make sure their careers are on trajectories that work for them and us.
We’re not a company that’s just about filling seats. We’re about filling expectations — for our clients, our staff, our company. You’ll also find here a diverse, collegial atmosphere marked by mutual respect. Best of all, you’ll do important work with talented people. And you’ll make a difference for your country.
