Ensuring human comfort, productivity and safety while practicing environmental stewardship is the mission of the Air-Conditioning, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute (AHRI). Through our certification program, standards, advocacy, and other activities, we strive to help save energy, improve productivity, and ensure a better environment. AHRI has an opening for a Certification Data Scientist, reporting to the Director of HVAC Data Analytics. The Certification Data Scientistrsquos primary responsibilities are development and production of data analytics and predictive models for the certification programs. Duties include but are not limited to Develop statistical and mathematical models based on computational algorithms to perform inference, comparison, and prediction of product performances. Create data visualizations that can support decisions in certification program related activities. Work with a team of subject matter experts (SMEs) and IT services to participate in a product life-cycle process consisting of development, test, launch and deploy, maintenance, upgrade, etc. Provide technical support on various committee and working group meetings that oversee or support AHRIrsquos data analytics services. QUALIFICATIONS BABS degree (MS preferred) in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, or Engineering with a strong emphasis on statistical programming. Practical knowledge and experience in applied statistics (e.g., Bayesian Methods of Probabilistic Programming in a scale). Experience in developing advanced predictive or generative models on unstructured complex real-world data sets that have noises and errors inherently. At least two years of relevant work experience in the machine learning modeling or quantitative modeling. Work experience relevant to consumer product industry including, Heating, Ventilating, and Air-Conditioning (HVAC) is a plus. AHRI offers a competitive salary and a full benefits package with a friendly work environment. The salary hiring range for this position is 100,000- 117,500 based on relevant industry experience. This position does not offer employment-based immigrant visa sponsorship andor assistance to include F1-OPT, F1-CPT, or H1B visa programs. AHRI does not discriminate and will not tolerate discrimination on the basis of race, color, national origin, military service, ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, handicap, or disability as those terms are defined under applicable law in its selection, recruitment, or employment practices. To apply to this position please visit our website at httpswww.ahricareers.org httpswww.ahricareers.org .
