Founded in 2008, DoubleVerify (DV) is the leading independent provider of marketing measurement software, data and analytics that authenticates the quality and effectiveness of digital media for the world's largest brands and media platforms. DV provides media transparency and accountability to deliver the highest level of impression quality for maximum advertising performance by bringing transparency and accountability to the market and ensuring ad viewability, brand safety, fraud protection, accurate impression delivery and audience quality across campaigns to drive performance. DV has helped hundreds of Fortune 500 companies across every major vertical, including financial services, telecom, automotive, retail, CPG, travel, luxury and pharmaceuticals gain the most value out of their media spend by delivering best-in-class solutions across the digital ecosystem. Let's build a better industry.

Position Overview


The Senior Product Manager, Programmatic has ownership of and accountability for developing new functionality and services for DoubleVerify's Programmatic offering. This is a high impact buy-side offering generating millions of dollars in revenue, and is leveraged by programmatic traders to deliver targeted ads in a brand safe, fraud free, contextually relevant and viewable environment. This role is a hands-on product manager who will be part of a cross-functional team, will drive the business and technical product management aspects and report to the Senior Director of Programmatic Products. The ideal candidate will innovate next-gen features, formulate product strategy, assess competitive landscape, collect requirements, work closely with the Engineering team, evangelize product capabilities internally and externally, and collaborate with integration partners.

This role is part of one of the fastest growing revenue verticals at DoubleVerify. Success in this role requires proactive execution, ingenuity, attention to detail, the ability to lead by example, exercise indirect influence, perform insightful data analysis, collaborate in a cross functional environment and articulate complex concepts to multiple stakeholders at all levels of the organization. This position demands good understanding of the ad-serving ecosystem with particular exposure on the technology needs, business needs, and business problems of trading platforms, exchanges and networks.

What you'll do
Work closely with the engineering team to execute in a fast paced development environment.
Break down product vision into epics and user stories for development.
Liaise with multiple teams within the product and development organization to drive development of DV-wide features
Engage with sales and client services to gather customer feedback, identify functional needs and synthesize actionable product requirements
Lead user-acceptance testing efforts with development team for accurate, high-quality, and timely product delivery.
Collaborate with business development, integrations team and external partners to deliver features to end customers
Partner with marketing to create product collateral for internal and external customers.
Analyze data to glean relevant insights that help drive feature prioritization and solutioning.
Do market research, monitor industry trends and undertake competitive analyses.
Who you are
4-8 years of product management experience in the internet technology or online media industry.
B.A. /B.S. or equivalent/higher level of education. B.S. in Computer Science or a related technical field is strongly preferred.
Written detailed and thoughtful PRDs and driven execution in a fast paced environment.
Superb data analysis skills and ability to deliver insight and action from information.
Technical experience with databases, SQL, system integrations, APIs.
Passion and desire to play a key role in driving a new business to success in the advertising technology space.
What we prefer
Past experience in Martech/Adtech with an understanding of programmatic buying via OpenRTB and familiarity with key players (DSPs, Exchanges, SSPs, Networks).
Strong process management, business process re-engineering, and analytical skills.
Proven ability to balance the needs of the customer while maintaining corporate objectives.
