THE ROLE
As a data scientist, you'll be responsible for diving into our data lake, uncovering the latest interesting insights, and visualizing them in dazzling ways. You'll work with the Peloton App team to understand behavior during our user journey and develop data-driven recommendations with a focus on measurable results. As part of the Data Science team you'll work with data scientists and engineers that interface with the entire company, cross-pollinating analytic and business insights to the benefit of all Peloton members and employees.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Work cross-functionally to define problem statements, collect data, build analytical models and make recommendations
Build and maintain data driven optimization models, experiments, forecasting algorithms, and machine learning models
Leverage tools like Python, R, & SQL to drive efficient analytics
Communicate final recommendations and drive decision making
QUALIFICATIONS
3+ years proven business experience and technical expertise in data science
Experience with Machine Learning, Statistics, or other data analysis tools and techniques
Experience performing data extraction, cleaning, analysis and presentation for medium to large datasets
Experience with at least one programming language (i.e. Python, R, Java, or C++)
Experience writing SQL queries
Experience with scientific computing and analysis packages such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, dplyr, or ggplot2
Experience with statistics methods such as forecasting, time series, hypothesis testing, classification, clustering or regression analysis
Experience with data visualization libraries such as Matplotlib, Pyplot, ggplot2
Proactive and self-motivated, and can work autonomously with strong organizational and time management skills
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Start-up experience a plus
Understanding of best practices around marketing, e-commerce and subscription retention KPIs
ABOUT PELOTON
Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings the energy and benefits of studio-style workouts to the convenience and comfort of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide comprehensive, socially-connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors, and we know that together, we go far.
Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms in the US, UK and Canada, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business' Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit to learn more about joining our team.
