Phreesia is looking for an Associate Director of Data Science to lead our data science team! You will report to the Director of Strategy and Analytics, and will manage and mentor data scientists, providing them with technical and analytical expertise and helping to define the Life Sciences data science roadmap. You will also act as a thought leader in data science and machine learning for the entire company. You will be responsible for working with senior leadership to shape and execute the Life Sciences Department's long-term strategy for data science and transforming healthcare through the use of data.

You will inspire and mentor a team of data scientists, while harnessing the power of data science and big data technologies to continually improve our ability to make smart decisions. This is a huge opportunity to discover valuable insights for our clients and healthcare organizations across the nation. You are someone who loves solving complex problems and be committed to constant improvement, both for yourself and those around you.

What You Will Do:
Mentor and manage the data science team (approx. 6 members). Work cross-functionally with Data Science team to define and create analytic tools and approaches to solve healthcare and business problems, both for internal stakeholders and for our clients
Define and execute the data science team's roadmap
Support the Analytics and Insights team, in addition to other internal groups.
Create high-value data applications and insights using Phreesia's current and future data assets
Integrate and identify insights from various large datasets to produce high quality, timely analyses to make informed business decisions
Lead development of new methodologies and approaches through implementation of new technologies
Define and implement methodology improvements for existing processes and frameworks
Communicating complex analytics concepts in a clear and concise manner to leadership
What You Will Need:
Bachelor's in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field
7+ years of experience with data modeling and data analysis tools (python, pandas, numpy, R, etc.)
Experience with one or more data visualization tools (R shiny, D3, Tableau, plotly, etc.)
Strong knowledge of and experience in machine learning and predictive models
Advanced SQL skills - ability to envision, design, and query structured relational databases
Experience with Apache Spark
4+ years of management experience preferably managing data science teams
Experience developing and evolving a data science roadmap, executing the vision behind it, and partnering with stakeholders to create business value from it.
Excellent written and oral communications skills with the ability to seamlessly navigate technical, analytical, and business audiences
Self-starter comfortable with ambiguity. Able to identify needs, develop a plan of action, and implement.
Excellent time and project management skills.
Graduate degree in Mathematics/Statistics/Computer Science or related field is a plus
Healthcare industry experience is a plus
Understanding of and demonstrable experience using statistical principles to communicate results (experimental design, a/b testing and other frameworks) is a plus
Hands-on experience and understanding of Graph and/or search Databases (e.g. neo4j, elasticsearch) is a plus
Who We Are:

At Phreesia, we're committed to helping healthcare organizations succeed in a fast-changing landscape—and we need smart, passionate people to help us do it. Our innovative SaaS platform offers our clients a suite of applications to manage the intake process, giving them the tools to engage patients, improve efficiency, optimize staffing and enhance clinical care.

Basically, what you do here matters, and hard work does not go unnoticed. Not only does Phreesia care about our clients, we also care about our employees. In fact, we're a three-time winner of Modern Healthcare magazine's Best Places to Work in Healthcare award. If you're interested in consistent feedback and recognition, defined career paths, and the opportunity to work with driven and engaged colleagues in a dynamic industry, this may be the right opportunity for you.

Benefits and Perks:
Variety of health plan options, dental/ vision coverage, and short/long-term and life insurance plans
401(k) savings plan
Flexible working hours
Unlimited vacation
Unlimited snacks and drinks in our offices
Mobile phone stipends, monthly subway pass reimbursement and Internet reimbursement
100% paid maternity leave to our U.S. employees, as well as a generous maternity benefit to our employees in Canada.
Tuition and certification reimbursement, as well as other professional development opportunities
We strive to provide a diverse and inclusive environment and are an equal opportunity employer.
