Quantitative Analyst

Company Profile

Founded in 1997, Calypso’s mission to pioneer innovative technology solutions that reimagine capital markets, making them more efficient, accessible and transparent has been attainable due to our outstanding employees. To continue our track record of growth we need the best talent from across the globe - those who desire to take the initiative, are self-directed learners and have a passion for solving our customers’ problems. We offer challenging opportunities to join a uniquely innovative, highly successful company that straddles the worlds of technology and finance.

Job Description Overview

We are looking for a Quantitative Analyst with a strong mathematical and computing background to develop robust quantitative analytics as part of our Financial Engineering team. This is a front office role and will involve developing and implementing production-grade analytics to be used by Calypso clients across the Front Office.

Skills & Requirements:
5+ years experience working as a quantitative analyst in derivatives analytics, all asset classes will be considered.
High performer with strong collaboration skills that can work well with the rest of our talented team.
Strong computing skills including experience in C++ or Java.
A craftsman-like approach to building analytics code that is used by our many clients. Comfortable with agile development, code reviews, unit testing and continuous integration.
Superb problem-solving ability and willingness to tackle complex client issues.
Why should you apply?

With over 20 offices worldwide, market leading products and a customer base of the world’s top banks, asset managers, hedge funds and insurers, our team thrives on stimulating challenges and a global and diverse working environment. We offer excellent health and welfare benefits, fitness reimbursement, regular team and office events and a variety of career paths.

If you have the drive, a winning attitude and a desire to make a difference then we invite you to apply today! Check out our open jobs here and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook.

Calypso Technology is an equal opportunity employer (EOE) and strongly supports diversity in the workforce. Calypso only accepts resumes from approved agencies who have a valid executed Non-Exclusive Master Staffing Agency Agreement on file. Please do not forward resumes to our applicant tracking system, Calypso employees, or send to any Calypso location. Calypso is not responsible for any fees or claims related to receipt of unsolicited resumes.
Back
Share
