Position Summary

Individuals within the
Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst I role provide business intelligence,
reporting, and data analysis needs for Customer Service and Delivery. They work
closely with BI Consultants, end users, and IT teams to turn data into critical
information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. It
is essential that BI Analysts build an understanding of the CSD organization at
a level of detail that enables them to identify and address critical issues.
They provide data that is accurate, congruent and reliable, and ensure the
information is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration
with other systems. BI Analysts educate and train business partners and clients
to use the data as an analytical tool, displaying the information in new forms
and content for analysis and option exploration.

BI Analysts work with
users to determine business requirements, priorities, define key performance
indicators (KPI), and develop BI and data warehouse (DW) strategy. They conduct
analyses of functional business processes and functional business requirements
and participate in the development of business cases in the support of process
changes. This includes working with business and development teams to design,
and document dashboards, alerts, and reports. This individual is accountable
for providing leadership and independent initiatives in facilitating
information gathering, structured documentation and presentation of findings to
all levels of management.

BI Analysts understand
how data is turned into information and knowledge and how that knowledge
supports and enables key business processes. They must have understanding of
the business environment and an interest in going beyond the obvious, delving
into the source, the definition, philosophy, and foundational roots of a data
element to create information. They must work well within a team environment.

Candidate Responsibilities
Provides design support
for the development of business intelligence solutions.
Works on small to
mid-sized and cross-functional IT and business intelligence solutions.
Works on multiple
tasks/projects as team member.
Participates in
workstream planning process including inception, technical design, development,
testing and delivery of BI solutions.
May participate in
project management estimation process.
Works with internal and
external customers and IT partners to develop and analyze business intelligence
needs.
Provides input to
business requirements for the design of solutions.
Interprets business
requirements and determines optimum BI solutions to meet needs.
Identifies and provides
input to new technology opportunities that will have an impact on the
Enterprise wide BI systems.
Designs Institute-wide
views and custom reports.
May perform analysis
for a wide range of requests using data in different formats and from various
platforms.
Researches business
problems and creates models that help analyze these business problems.
Provides input to the
development of information quality metrics.
Researches tools,
frameworks and mechanisms for data analytics.
Adheres to current
standards.
Provides input to
standards, policies and procedures for the form, structure, and attributes of
the BI tools and systems.
Designs and delivers
end-user training and training materials.
Trains users to
transform data into action-oriented information and to use correctly.

Functional Skills
General knowledge of
supported business functions, systems, and transactions
Familiar with
technology system processes, reporting functions, and methodologies
Works
effectively with associates from across the CGM Profit Center and with business
and IT partners
