Job Description

Applies developed subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues within established guidelines and recommends appropriate alternatives. Works on problems of diverse complexity and scope. May act as a team or project leader providing direction to team activities and facilitates information validation and team decision making process. Exercises independent judgment within generally defined policies and practices to identify and select a solution. Ability to handle most unique situations. May seek advice in order to make decisions on complex business issues.

Responsibilities
Mines data using modern tools and programming languages.
Defines and implements models to uncover patterns and predictions creating business value and innovation.
Works with the business to understand the business domain perspective.
Effectively tells stories with the data using visualization tools/methods to demonstrate insight impact and business value.
Assures accuracy, integrity, and compliance of cleansed data.
Maintains proficiency within the data science domain by keeping up with technology and trend shifts.
Leads a project team of data science professionals
Collaborates and communicates with project team regarding project progress and issue resolution.
Represents the data science team for all phases of larger and more-complex development projects.
Provides guidance, training and mentoring to less experienced staff members.
Knowledge & Skills
Using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages.
Understanding of how to manage disparate unstructured and structured data in a distributed environment.
Fluent in structured and unstructured data and modern data transformation methodologies.
Ability to create models to pull valuable insights from data.
Create stories and visualizations to describe and communicate data insights.
Ability to use creativity to spot trends and tease out patterns in large datasets.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language.
Ability to effectively communicate data insights to project team and leadership and negotiate options.
Scope & Impact
Collaborates with peers, junior engineers, data scientists and project team.
Typically interacts with high-level Individual Contributors, Managers and Program Teams.
Leads a project requiring data engineering solutions development.
Education & Experience
Bachelor's, Master's or PHD degree in Mathematics, Economics, Physics, Computer Science, or equivalent.
Typically 4-6 years' experience including graduate or postgraduate research.
#LI-post
HP Inc. is EEO F/M/Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.
