Company Name: Kroger General Office
Position Type: Employee
FLSA Status: Exempt
Line of Business: Technology Strategy & Architecture

See what life is like at Kroger Technology

at https://www.kroger.com/livekt

Additional Technology Information:
The Data Analyst/Application Analyst works within project teams to bring technical expertise to ensure the quality and accuracy of their data. He/she engages with the business to understand how to use data to enable better decisions. Acts as a liaison between IT teams and business partners to ensure data requirements for operational and analytical needs are met. The candidate must support design and development of data related activities within multiple teams. The Data Analyst must have a working knowledge of data formats, including but not limited to file-based data, relational databases, data warehouses/marts and No SQL platforms.

Position Summary:

The Application Analyst is responsible for leading in all facets of the systems development lifecycle for application enhancements and existing production systems of various sizes and complexities. The Application Analyst performs many of these tasks independently and communicates with the appropriate teams to ensure that assignments are delivered with the highest of quality and in accordance to standards. The Application Analyst may complete coding assignments when necessary to meet the needs of the business. Role model and demonstrate the company's core values of respect, honesty, integrity, diversity, inclusion and safety of others.

Essential Job Functions:
Partner with appropriate teams to deliver software solutions according to SDLC best practices.
Partner with the appropriate teams to expedite issue resolution and manage to SLAs.
Lead and participate in the design and implementation of large and/or architecturally significant applications.
Champion company standards and best practices. Work to continuously improve software delivery processes and practices.
Build partnerships across the application, business and infrastructure teams.
Support and maintain applications utilizing required tools and technologies. Provide support for applications, including involvement with the appropriate teams. Provide off-hours support (24 x 7) as required.
Establish priorities for enhancements/modifications of application.
Develop programming specifications. May design, code and unit test application code using SDLC best practices for application services functions.
Complete estimates and work plans independently as appropriate for design, development, implementation and rollout tasks.
Assist other personnel on assignments including mentoring or providing on-the-job training to more junior associates. Mentor team members in software development principles, patterns, processes and practices.
May mentor or coach the day-to-day work activities of other junior team members.
Must be able to perform the essential functions of this position with or without reasonable accommodation.
Minimum Position Qualifications:
7 or more years experience in system analysis, design or programming and the associated development methodologies.
Proven communication and presentation skills to effectively communicate information to customers and to all levels within the organization.
Ability to interact well in a team environment.
Experience with project planning.
Desired Previous Job Experience
IS related associate degree, or a bachelor's degree, or comparable work experience in an Information Systems position or related business position.
5 - 7 years in Applications Analyst role
Prior experience with project planning with large size or large level complexity projects.
Education Level: None
Required Certifications/Licenses: None
Position Type: Full-Time
Shift(s): [[mfield4]]

States: Indiana; Kentucky; Ohio
Keywords:

Jobs at Kroger: At Kroger, we hire people who have a passion for helping others and who want to build a relationship with our Customers. No matter what stage of your career, you can build your future at Kroger. We look for people who want more, aspire to be more and work hard to achieve their goals. Our focus on keeping the Customer first is what makes us successful. As the largest traditional grocery chain in the U.S. and one of the world's largest retailers, we employee nearly half a million Associates across 35 states. We offer many opportunities not only in our stores, but in Manufacturing, Logistics, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources, and many other fields.

Company Overview: Kroger Family of Companies employs nearly half a million associates who serve over 11 million customers daily through a seamless shopping experience under a variety of banner names. At The Kroger Co., we are Fresh for Everyone™ and dedicated to our Purpose: To Feed the Human Spirit®. We are committed to creating #ZeroHungerZeroWaste communities by 2025. Careers with The Kroger Co. and our family of companies offer competitive wages, flexible schedules, benefits and room for advancement.

Posting Notes: OH || Blue Ash || 11450 Grooms Road || 45242 || Kroger General Office || [[mfield2]] || Kroger Technology || Employee || Exempt || Full-Time || None
