Purpose of Job
The selected candidate will be selected to work as a part of USAA enterprise data science team to leverage member data and machine learning techniques to better serve our members needs.

Uses advanced techniques that integrate traditional and non-traditional datasets and method to enable analytical solutions; Applies predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications; participates in building analytical solutions leveraging internal and external applications to deliver value and create competitive advantage; Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees
Job Requirements
Partners with other analysts across the organization to fully define business problems and research questions; Supports SME's on cross functional matrixed teams to solve highly complex work critical to the organization.
Integrates and extracts relevant information from large amounts of both structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Conducts advanced analytics leveraging predictive modeling, machine learning, simulation, optimization and other techniques to deliver insights or develop analytical solutions to achieve business objectives.
Supports Subject Matter Experts (SME's) on efforts to develop scalable, efficient, automated solutions for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation.
Works with IT to research architecture for new products, services, and features.
Develops algorithms and supporting code such that research efforts are based on the highest quality data.
Translates complex analytical and technical concepts to non-technical employees to enable understanding and drive informed business decisions.
Minimum Education:
Master's degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field (6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree)
Minimum Experience:
4 or more years of related experience and accountability for complex tasks and/or projects required
Proficient knowledge of the function/discipline and demonstrated application of knowledge, skills and abilities towards work products required
Proficient level of business acumen in the areas of the business operations, industry practices and emerging trends required
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Experience:
Experience wrangling with messy data at scale using libraries like Pandas or technologies like Scala / PySpark to structure and clean datasets?
3+ years INDUSTRY (excluding research) experience in data science & model development
Conduct business in compliance with regulatory guidance. Adhere to applicable compliance/operational/model risk controls and other second line of defense and regulatory standards, policies and procedures.
Strong proficiency in and experience writing production-level code in SPSS, R and/or Python.
Strong desire to gain extensive knowledge of experience delivery (Auto Experience, IT Availability, Personalization), model architecture, and fields of data science (NLP, ML) and their applications.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 6/02/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
