Cohesive Technologies is a global IT Services Solutions company providing IT Staffing Services and Application Development Services necessary for technology leaders to deliver business value. We help our people and clients succeed by leveraging our expertise, deep industry and market knowledge, proprietary assessment tools and techniques, and project delivery methodologies. Through relationships with thousands of specialized professionals, we bring an unparalleled ability to match talent with opportunities by assessing, recruiting, developing and engaging the best and brightest people for our clients. We combine broad geographic presence, world-class solutions and a tailored, consultative approach to help our people and clients achieve higher performance and outstanding results. Position Title Data Scientist Location Redmond, WA Duration Long Term Job Description Advanced understanding of probability, statistics, machine learning, data science Expertise in data correlationfeature analysis, analysis of machine learning models, and optimizing models for accuracy Proficiency in transforming and cleaning data working across multiple models Ability to research and manipulate complex and large data sets (both distributed and non-distributed) Strong fundamentals in problem solving, algorithm design, and model building Ability to solve complex business problem through a blend of logical and creative thinking Strong communication skills with excellent ability to synthesize complex information Code writing capability in Python and familiarity with relevant ML packages Familiarity with libraries such as Pandas, Scikit-learn etc. Deep learning experience - added advantage Top 3 Skills Python Good Knowledge of Machine Learning algorithms ( especially Anomaly detection and time series) Very good with data wrangling and manipulation Experience 5+ Years Education Masterrsquos degree or higher in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, Math, Applied Statistics, or related field. Skills Required Data, Scientist, Python, ML, Machine, Learning, Algorithm, Wrangling, Manipulation, Anomaly, Detection, Time, Series, Model Referral Program Ask our recruiting team about how you can be a part of our referral program. If you refer a candidate with the desired qualifications and your candidate accepts the role, you can earn a generous referral fee. We want to hire the best talent available and are committed to building great teams and partnerships. Cohesive Technologies is an equal accessequal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other classification prescribed by applicable law.
