Schnucks has a current opening for a Data Scientist reporting to the Director of Financial Planning & Analytics. This role will bring technology & analytical skills to unlock new and deeper insights at Schnucks. The role will drive insights into customer-focused action through communication and partnership with our strategic and tactical decision-makers; deep-dive into our largest opportunities analytically, including sales, gross profit, pitch/shrink; develop customer-focused analytics (leveraging loyalty), and basket level analysis; and develop best practices and be accountable for sharing these practices across the entire analyst team.
Essential Job Responsibilities:
Conduct deep analysis evaluating strategic effectiveness around sales, gross profit, TIL, customers, and baskets.
Develop and share analytics and best practices across entire analyst team.
Centralize, standardize, and automate key analytics functions currently spread across multiple teammates.
Report findings and work with business stakeholders to recommend actions.
Develop predictive modeling in support of business optimization.
Minimum Requirements:
Minimum Education: Master’s Degree. Will accept Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics/Statistics plus equivalent experience.
Minimum Years of Experience: 3 to 5 years.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Google Suite and Microsoft Office, with advanced Microsoft Excel.
Working knowledge of SQL. Working knowledge of Web-Focus BI, Nitro (Nielsen), Alteryx, Tableaut tools a plus.
Statistical software proficiency required; R, Python, Matlab, SAS, SPSS, etc., with demonstrated success.
Functional knowledge of unstructured data sets, including how to access and consume.
Certification or equivalent experience in analytic methodology (e.g. Six Sigma).
Ability to handle large amounts of data, identify key information, and provide insightful recommendations to all levels within the organization with minimal direction.
Ability to communicate to all audiences including strategy team, form strong partnerships, and powerfully convey their recommendations in order to gain action on their insights.
Strong organizational skills, the ability to multi-task in a dynamic environment, and must keep a high level of composure and professionalism in all situations.
Strong critical thinking skills with the ability to think outside the box.
Advanced analytical skills and techniques, including deep statistical knowledge, big data knowledge, visualization, and data exploration.
Equal Opportunity Employer.
