Beazley is seeking a Data Analyst to develop and analyze management information to support the Group Claims department as well as provide commercial benefit through improvement in claims outcomes. This will include timely and accurate production of management information to assist with claims data analysis. Support on related projects aimed at improving the delivery of management information to the business. Also deliver insight and drive innovation using internal and external data.

Operational Support
Production of regular and ad hoc management information for presentation or distribution to the senior management team, underwriters, directors, members of the board, actuary, etc as required.
Deliver continuous improvement of Management Information reporting, both in terms of the quality of output and the speed of reporting processes.Maintain the standard suite of Management Information reports, making appropriate changes in light of new MI requests and/or operational changes.
Support claims performance measurement / management efforts including production of regular and ad-hoc management information for presentation or distribution to the Team as required, leveraging Excel, Access and/or other reporting tools supported by Beazley.
Prepare, interpret and analyse claims and other statistics in response to ad-hoc requests for information.
Identify and drive opportunities for improving access to information and reports, including activity to drive the usage of BeazleyIntelligence across the group.
Support the claims team in responding to regulatory requests (whether in formal projects or ad hoc requests) through the provision of information or determining how operational processes need to change to meet changing regulatory requirements.


Other Responsibilities
Interact with claims managers, and proactively develop reports to assist the business. Liaise with IT, underwriters, actuaries, accountants, etc. and other areas of the group as required.
Provide active support to relevant business projects, as required, and assist in the development of reporting processes across the organisation.
Participate in and lead meetings as required.
Produce and maintain procedures documentation for own tasks.
Organise papers and reports for meetings as requested by or agreed with the GCMT.
Facilitate knowledge sharing and training for peers within the business.
Conflicts of Interest
Adhere to Beazley’s Conflicts of Interest policy, alert the appropriate person to any potential conflicts of interest and take steps to resolve them promptly.
Immediately advise the Group Head of Claims if any Beazley employee seeks to exert undue influence on you or any other team member to act improperly in the management, reserving or settlement of any claim.
Education and Qualifications
Graduate with a degree from any discipline with a computer science, technology, engineering, economics, business, risk management, or mathematics background.

Skills and Abilities
Accurate and numerate
Strong analytical skills with attention to detail
Able to communicate effectively with others, both verbally and in writing.
Motivational skills, team worker as well as able to work on own initiative
The ability to work to deadlines and prioritise multiple tasks
An enquiring mind, able to use all media to obtain relevant information and data for use in management information

Knowledge and Experience
Experienced in managing and manipulating datasets
Understanding for the need for accurate and timely management information
Strong communication skills, with the ability to tailor them appropriately for different audiences, technical backgrounds, and seniority
Expert knowledge of MS Office, Excel and Access
Demonstrable proficiency with Data Visualisation tools (e.g. Tableau, QlikView, Power BI, Spotfire, etc.) or Data Visualisation libraries (e.g. D3.js)

Aptitude and Disposition
Outcome and customer focussed, self-motivated, flexible and enthusiastic
Professional approach to successfully interact with managers/colleagues/external suppliers
Biased toward action, achievement driven, proactive
Consistent, resilient, and entrepreneurial
Not afraid to ask questions

Competencies
Technical competence / expertise
Analytical thinking
Customer focus
Self Starter
Information Seeker
Team working
Speed and quality
Problem solving
Time management
