A world leader in the field of in vitro diagnostics for over 55 years, bioMérieux provides diagnostic solutions that detect disease and contamination to improve patient health and ensure consumer safety. bioMérieux’s global headquarters is located in Marcy L’Étoile, France, and we have more than 11,200 team members in 43 countries.

With our distributor network, we serve more than 160 countries. bioMérieux, Inc., our Americas division, has more than 4,000 team members across 12 sites or subsidiaries. Our Americas headquarters is in Durham, NC, with nearly 1,200 team members.

bioMérieux, Inc. sponsors public health initiatives and partnerships to address antimicrobial resistance, sepsis awareness, food safety, and consumer health. Our passionate team members recognize the power of diagnostics and rally behind our mission to help save lives.

bioMerieux has a position open for a Senior Data Scientist to be located in Chicago, IL (open to relocation).

We are seeking an experienced Senior Data Scientist to join our newly created Augmented Diagnostics team. This team is dedicated to solving critical customer quality and safety challenges through data in the Global Food and Pharmaceutical Business spaces. The Sr. Data Scientist will support these customer missions with insights gained from analyzing customer data, and with an objective to create predictive models where possible.

This will be an exciting opportunity to bring state-of-the-art data analysis and data modeling techniques to the food and pharmaceutical manufacturing. The Sr. Data Scientist will be responsible for structuring and validating customer data sources as well as creating analytics from these sources. He/she will work collaboratively with dedicated business analysts to fully understand the customer question, and to be focused on developing data-driven insights that bring value to the customer.

Objectives of this Role
Ways of working
Passion for discovering solutions hidden in the data and work with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.
Curiosity to seek to really understand the customer’s world and specific challenges through data
Creative mindset—ability and willingness to try new approaches that might better fit the problem at hand
Strong focus on value-creation for the customer and the team, in terms of short-term, day-to-day benefits and longer-term problem-solving
Collaborative mindset as you will work and adapt with a wide range of stake-holders and functional teams, especially business and process analysts (to develop a thorough understanding of needs) and customers
Learning together—adept at using data to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action
Focus on communication—strong team interactions, and the ability to communicate analytic solutions to stakeholders and provide suggestions to implement improvements as needed to operational systems
Technical
Strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations
Research and devise innovative statistical models for data analysis
Mine and analyze data from customer databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development
Devise and utilize algorithms and models to mine big data stores, perform data and error analysis to improve models, and clean and validate data for uniformity and accuracy
Keep current with technical and industry developments
Implement analytical models into production by collaborating with software developers and machine learning engineers.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Create ad-hoc data sources on demand to find insights as needed.
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Required Education & Experience
4-year degree in Mathematics, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Computer Science or related field
5 years of experience in structuring, validating, analyzing and modeling data sets
2 years of experience with one of the following programming languages: R or Python
Experience with common productivity software such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint
Proficiency with data mining, mathematics, and statistical analysis
Advanced pattern recognition and predictive modeling experience
Comfort working in a dynamic, research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
Joining bioMérieux, is choosing to join an innovative company with a long term vision, committed to the service of public health and carried out with a humanistic corporate culture. Our Group offers numerous possibilities: so come and join the 11,200 bioMérieux team members who already identify with these values!

bioMérieux is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/Vet/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/GINA
