Summary:

Seattle Genetics is building an exceptional immuno-oncology team and is seeking a highly motivated and innovative scientist to join our immunology research team. We are seeking an individual that is passionate about targeting the immune system, particularly employing natural killer (NK) cells, to advance cutting-edge oncology therapeutics from early proof to concept studies up to clinical testing. The successful candidate will have a demonstrated expertise in NK cells and the underlying biology and pathways that regulate this cell type. The successful candidate will initiate and execute early pre-clinical research projects to explore pathways that regulate activation and suppression of NK and NKT cells in the tumor microenvironment and periphery. They will explore these potential pathways with an eye for identifying potential receptors and signaling pathways critical for controlling NK driven anti-tumor responses. The candidate will leverage these insights and scientific expertise to propose strategies for therapeutic targeting, will design and develop these therapeutics and their preclinical testing. They will serve as an integral member of the innate immunology team and trusted member of the research department.

Responsibilities:
Provide scientific leadership within the immunology team and interface with other functional teams to discover and drive novel therapeutics forward
Explore NK cell biology to identify and validate potential next generation oncology targets
Execute experimental plans to enable project initiation and progression by collaborating with and leading multi-disciplinary project teams
Provide scientific and technical expertise to the immunology and research teams
Work independently, establish strategies, and identify actionable undertakings that drive projects within and outside the immunology team
Qualifications:
A Ph.D degree and 2+ years industry or academia experience in immunology, cellular biology and/or tumor immunology
Expert knowledge in NK cell biology is required, as well as experience working in highly collaborative team environments
Previous drug development experience is a plus
Ability to work independently to design and execute in vitro and in vivo experiments and analyze data to inform project direction
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex data sets in a clear manner to diverse audiences including senior leadership
Strong analytical, problem-solving, and decision-making skills as well as a record of accomplishments evidenced by publications/patents is required
As the leading employer in our industry in the Pacific Northwest, Seattle Genetics is proud to offer a competitive total compensation package as well as a comprehensive benefits program designed to support the whole lives of our employees and their families. Benefits include medical, vision and dental coverage, group and supplemental life insurance, 401(k) with company match, tuition reimbursement, relocation assistance and much more. To learn more about Seattle Genetics, please visit www.seattlegenetics.com.

Seattle Genetics is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, color, religion, sex, marital status, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law.

#LI-CM1
