Start your future with a new mission: Northrop Grumman Space Systems (NGSP). As a part of the NGSP Team, you will work with experts that develop systems and solutions to keep our world safe. Together we protect our troops, public safety, information, and our planet. It's unique work. It's challenging and rewarding. Most of all, it's the work that makes a difference. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work, and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history. Join us and launch your career.

Northrop Grumman Space Systems is seeking a Principal Data Scientist This position will be located at Hill AFB, UT and will support the Ground Subsystems Support Contract (GSSC) program.

The successful applicant will:
Develop and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning models to solve complex data problems
Interpret large amounts of data using advanced visualization techniques and tools
Merge and transform big datasets to ensure data integrity and usability
Develop a process to maintain quality and performance of statistical models and quickly identify enhancements opportunities
Communicate advanced concepts and information in an understandable manner for audiences of varying levels of competency
Maintain an up-to-date knowledge of technology trends
Properly document code, artifact description, implementation, and use case.
Be an eager and fast learner
Work on a fast pasted collaborative team in an agile environment
As a full-time employee of Northrop Grumman Space Systems, you are eligible for our robust benefits package including:
Medical, Dental & Vision coverage
401k
Educational Assistance
Life Insurance
Employee Assistance Programs & Work/Life Solutions
Paid Time Off
Health & Wellness Resources
Employee Discounts
This position's standard work schedule is a 9/80. The 9/80 schedule allows employees who work a nine-hour day Monday through Thursday to take every other Friday off.

GBSDJobs

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:
Minimum of a Bachelor of Science in Data Science, Computer Science, Physics, Statistics, Mathematics, or related quantitative field
Minimum 5 years of relevant experience with a bachelor's degree; or 3 years with a Master's; or 0 years with PhD
Demonstrated experience with Programming in Python, R, or Node.js
Demonstrated experience manipulating dataframes through SQL, pandas, or tidyverse
U.S. Citizenship and the ability to obtain a Secret Security Clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
Active Secret Security Clearance or higher
Familiarity with any of the following: Tensorflow, Theano, Keras, PyTorch, NLTK, PyStan, PyMC3, Rstan, ElasticSearch, PyCuda
Familiarity with Graph, NoSQL, Hadoop, SMACK, or Neo4J/OWL
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
