Posting Type:
Open to All Applicants

Category: Life, Physical, and Social Science FLSA Exempt/
Non-Exempt: Non-Exempt
Agency: Dept of State Health Services Department: Lab Newborn Screening
Job Title: Clinical Laboratory Scientist Posting Number: 458488
Full Time/Part Time : Full Time Regular/Temporary: Regular
Job Location: 1100 W 49TH ST City: AUSTIN
Contact: AccessHR Service Center Telephone: 888-894-4747
Salary Range: $3,081.33 - $3,973.96 Salary Group: B17
Shift: Days (First) Travel: 0%
Closing Date:
Job Description:
Medical Technologist III
Under general supervision of the Newborn Metabolic Screening Group Manager and coordination by the Newborn Tandem Mass Spectrometry Team Leads uses considerable knowledge to independently perform highly complex tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) analysis on high volume neonatal screening specimens. Utilizes considerable working knowledge of all procedures to participate in maintaining analytic accuracy. Responsible for independently performing specimen preparation and analysis, quality control and assay acceptability, data and work list evaluation, result entry, and maintenance and troubleshooting of equipment. Responsible for making significant decisions on the accuracy of laboratory tests on human specimens. Independently determines and authorizes the release of uncomplicated results based on Standard Operating Protocols (SOP). Actively participates in the safety program. The Group Manager or lead technologist will assign some of the employee’s daily work providing general instruction for routine tasks and detailed instructions for non-routine tasks. Group Manager or lead technologist will monitor non-routine tasks. Duties are independently performed with considerable latitude, adherence to standard protocol and with use of scientific knowledge and independent judgment.

Essential Job Functions:
Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.

EJF 1. Performs highly complex MS/MS analysis on high volume neonatal screening specimens adhering to standard operating protocols. Completes proper record keeping and documentation involved with analytical testing and specimen flow. Collates and files electronic and raw results according to DSHS record retention policies. (40%)
EJF 2. Performs high volume sampling of filter paper specimens, standards, and controls for all newborn screening tests adhering to standard operating protocols. Uses technical knowledge to determine specimen acceptability. Completes proper record keeping and documentation involved with specimen and standards preparation. Preserves samples and standards according to standard operating protocol. (25%)
EJF 3. Assists with the evaluation and interpretation of highly complex data. Identifies problems with atypical test results consulting with upper level personnel. Assists with the review and release of final results. Uses Newborn Screening laboratory information management system. Completes proper record keeping and documentation involved with data evaluation and interpretation. (15%)
EJF 4. Performs routine and specialized preventive maintenance of highly complex equipment. Performs calibration verifications for MS/MS, liquid handling and other equipment on a routine basis. Identifies equipment problems, performs troubleshooting and makes routine adjustments as indicated. Completes logs, checklists and other record keeping documentation associated with equipment maintenance and instrument performance. Verifies MS/MS and other equipment is operating properly and immediately consults with the lead technologist or Group Manager when difficult problems arise. (10%)
EJF 5. Promotes workflow through cooperative interaction, reassignment of duties, and teamwork with supervisors, co-workers, and internal and external customers. Recognizes delays in completion of specimen testing, result reporting, and other essential functions and notifies the lead technologist or Group Manager immediately. Manages assigned work to meet specimen testing, reporting, and other essential functions in a timely manner. May assist with laboratory tours. (5%)

EJF 6. Performs other duties such as disposing biological and hazardous wastes, maintaining a clean and safe laboratory environment, verifying reagent and standard expiration dates and volumes, verifying specimen preservation, verifying refrigerator temperatures, and verifying that laboratory hoods are functioning properly. Actively participates in quality control review, proficiency testing, equipment performance documentation and supply inventory to ensure consistently acceptable quality assurance and test performance. Employs safe laboratory practices to protect self and others in the laboratory checking and documenting eyewash stations in area are function properly. Based on work area, consistently comply with DSHS Laboratory, local, state and federal guidelines to ensure a safe functioning laboratory. Willingly performs other duties not specified in the job description if necessary, as directed by the Group Manager. Other duties as assigned include but are not limited to actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location. (5%)

Knowledge Skills Abilities:
Knowledge of general laboratory, clinical chemistry, quality control, MS/MS principles, techniques, and terminology.
Knowledge of laboratory safety including sample-handling techniques.
Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing.
Ability to follow written and verbal instructions.
Ability to use and troubleshoot various items of laboratory equipment associated with work area.
Ability to handle small and sensitive equipment parts.
Ability to use a computer.
Ability to interact effectively with staff.
Ability to work in harmony with other team members.
Ability to work as part of a team adhering to structured deadlines for completion of critical laboratory procedures that are performed in high volume.
Ability to lead co-workers by setting a positive work-ethic example.
Ability to follow standard operating procedures and protocols accurately.
Ability to keep accurate, detailed records.
Ability to use aseptic techniques when working with infectious material.
Ability to complete tasks without close supervision and use mature judgment in test interpretation.
Ability to prioritize and organize detailed tasks to maintain required team timeframes.
Ability to recognize and solve work area problems.
Ability to maintain work area instruments and automated testing equipment.
Ability to teach work area procedures to co-workers and guests.
Ability to prepare diagnostic (analytical) reagents and/or controls accurately.
Skill to manipulate standard laboratory equipment including multichannel pipettes with speed and accuracy adhering to safety guidelines.

Registration or Licensure Requirements:
Have an earned bachelor’s, master’s, or doctoral degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology from an accredited institution; or
Have an earned associate’s degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical laboratory technology from an accredited institution.
Experience and education may be substituted as defined by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA ’88) Standards.

Initial Selection Criteria:
Education – bachelor’s degree in a chemical, biological or clinical laboratory science or medical technology

Experience with complex laboratory testing of human specimens or experience operating tandem mass spectrometry instruments preferred.

Indication on application that are available to work on Saturdays in 'What days are you unable to work' section

Additional Information:
Hepatitis Risk High. Required Hepatitis B and Tetanus/Diphtheria immunizations are provided. Must wear provided personal protective equipment (including: face shield, gloves, laboratory coat, safety glasses) as required by testing/ safety procedures.

Interviews scheduled after screening. Work hours and laboratory assignments may vary. Position includes regular work on Saturdays. Position qualifies for Weekend shift differential.

The functional color vision assessment will be administered at the time of the interview.

List on Application in Employment History percent time and experience with specific laboratory instrumentation and specific duties. List types of testing performed. List on Application in Employment History daily specimen workload and types of samples tested.

Education (Bachelor's, Master's, or certain course work) degree from a U.S. accredited college or university or foreign degree determined to be equivalent by an acceptable education evaluator. Applicants with diplomas awarded in countries other than the U.S. may contact Quality Control Officer (512-458-7318) for an approved list of credentialing agencies.

Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include: 68C/D/W, HM, 870, 4T0X1, 43TX. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s

MOS Code:
68C/D/W, HM, 870, 4T0X1, 43TX

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.

View similar jobs
