Sitecore delivers a digital experience platform that empowers the world’s smartest brands to build lifelong relationships with their customers. A highly decorated industry leader, Sitecore is the only company bringing together content, commerce, and data into one connected platform that delivers more than 500,000 digital experiences every day. Leading companies including American Express, ASOS, Carnival Cruise Lines, Kimberly-Clark, L’Oréal and Volvo Cars rely on Sitecore to provide more engaging, personalized experiences for their customers. Learn more at Sitecore.com

Sitecore is experiencing spectacular growth all over the world. We are currently looking for a highly skilled and experienced Data Scientist to join the Product Development team and contribute to Sitecore’s vision of enabling our customers to own the experience.

You will join a dynamic, international and cutting-edge organization with high growth rates and highly motivated employees.

The role
We are looking for a passionate senior machine learning engineer who thrives on building systems leveraging AI and machine learning. As a senior engineer and expert in machine learning applications, you will be working as part of a team to define and execute data science solutions.

You will work with the Chief Data Scientist on developing and executing our machine learning roadmap, by collaborating closely with data scientists, engineers and product managers.

Responsibilities:
Work within the AI team to design, develop and deploy machine learning features improving Sitecore customers experience.
Build and maintain robust systems with a focus on quality and customer outcome.
Stay ahead of ML innovation and participate in decisions about technology choices.


Qualifications
5+ year experience industry experience effectively applying ML and AI to solve business critical problems.
In depth knowledge of machine learning methods and industry applications.
Experience leveraging big data stack.
Experience with very large datasets, high availability systems, SQL and NoSQL.
Expertise with Python is required, experience developing machine learning applications in Scala or Java is a plus.
Independent, self-learner, who can find ways of solving hard problems in a fast paced team.
BS in CS or equivalent.
Good communication skills (English) and the ability to thrive in a multinational environment.
Desired Qualifications
Expertise in another languages such as Java, Scala, .NET is desired.
Sitecore offers
We give you the opportunity to work with a highly skilled team in a dynamic, international and fun work environment. We are an organization where suggestions are welcome, and your influence is embodied in the final product. Sitecore is an open-minded company with great opportunities for personal development.

After an offer is made and accepted, E-verify will be utilized to establish your identity and employment eligibility as required by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Sitecore is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity without unlawful regard to race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, veteran status or any other local legally protected characteristic.
