Information about #20423 Senior Scientist - Product Development
Work Location: GOJO Plaza, Akron, OH

GOJO Industries, inventor of PURELL® branded health and well-being solutions, is the global leader in Healthy Skin and Healthy Places – a force making businesses, institutions, and society stronger. A purpose-driven family enterprise, GOJO and its employees come to work each day with the collective purpose of "Saving lives and making life better through Well-Being Solutions."

GOJO has distinguished itself through its focus and investment in market-led innovation and sustainability. GOJO’s company headquarters are in Akron, Ohio with two nearby manufacturing and distribution centers and three manufacturing centers in France. GOJO and PURELL branded products are marketed in more than 80 countries with six regional locations including Europe, Australia, and Japan.

Role Purpose

Creates and/or supports development of solutions to enable enterprise commercialization initiatives. Evaluates, optimizes and implements technologies with a goal to improve overall business.
Essential Functions and Responsibilities

Creates and/or supports the development of new and improved products, innovative ideas and/or processes
Manages technical aspects of projects
Completes research on assigned technology, concepts, technical opportunities, materials
Identifies and/or evaluates materials or technologies to assess technical performance
Designs experiments and interprets results
Provides, interprets, and communicates practical technical information using standard formats and archiving methods
Participates or represents R&D on project teams
Collaborates throughout the enterprise and outside GOJO, interacting with various internal groups (such as Supply Chain and Marketing), and external suppliers and consultants
Conducts preliminary patent search for existing patents relating to development opportunities and provide input on impact
Analyzes existing patents and publications relating to development opportunities and determine impact
Obtains patents and/or provides support for patent filing and/or IP protection and maintains confidentiality
Strives to optimize processes and experiments to expedite completion of initiatives with a heavy focus on Quality and the Science
Develops, performs and/or improves test methodologies (analytical, physical, chemical, biological and microbiological)
Follows and supports current Good Manufacturing Practices and current Good Laboratory Practices
Follows appropriate lab safety practices
Ensures hazardous wastes are properly contained and disposed of in accordance with GOJO policies and procedures
Guides and mentors junior team member’s activities as assigned
Performs routine lab testing, collects and organizes data
Performs other tasks as necessary for the safe, efficient and effective operation of the lab space
Develops, identifies and modifies existing and new products (formulations, wipes) and technologies for improved performance, sustainability, quality, regulatory compliance and/or cost reduction.
Applies product development methodology consistently and rigorously, including product development documentation
Integrates and collaborates within R&D to ensure robust and comprehensive product development
Prepares samples and advanced prototypes for testing, such as aesthetics, stability, efficacy or safety
Prepares and champions new and updated specifications for raw materials, nonwovens, formulations and packaging assembly
Provides technical support to the organization on new and existing products (formulas, wipes).
Participates or is a member in professional and technical organizations
Education and Experience

3 - 5 years’ professional experience (or advanced degree)
BS or MS in appropriate scientific field (eg., chemistry, biology, microbiology)
Proven job-specific skills
Supervision/Coordination

Works with appropriate supervision, regularly conferring with supervisor, performing work that is varied and may be somewhat difficult in character Coordination within R&D, QA/QC Staff, Regulatory, Product Management, International, Legal, Procurement, Supply Chain, Marketing and Sales. Assignments are broad in nature, at times requiring originality and ingenuity. Directs outside vendors as necessary. May supervise direct reports.
Travel Requirements

Overnight Travel - sporadic - required.
Up to 20% travel required.
To Apply:

To apply for this position, please complete the online application process. You will have an opportunity to include your resume and a cover letter. GOJO is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability. Applicants must be lawfully authorized to work in the United States.

Recruiters, Search Agencies or others referring candidates to GOJO Industries, Inc. without written authorization from GOJO Industries, Inc. Human Resources will not be compensated in any way for their online referral even if GOJO Industries, Inc. hires the candidate. GOJO does not seek or respond to unsolicited resumes for positions that are not listed in the Careers section.
