POSITION PURPOSE:

Under the direction of the Data Science Systems Manager, the Data Science Developer is responsible for creating, maintaining and updating IEHP enterprise reports and dashboard. The position also serves as the technical support for all reporting projects within the Data Science Systems department. The duty will include designing and implementing effective reporting solutions by utilizing a variety of data gathering methods, including interviews, surveys, brainstorming sessions, storyboarding, prototyping, and use cases. A level III developer is expected to mentor other members of the team on data quality, data completeness, data accuracy, and deliverable timeliness are built into every reporting solution.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:

Drive the model and support of enterprise data warehouse, data marts and cubes in the creation of a modern, highly effective enterprise reporting platform at IEHP following industry best practices and patterns. Responsible for technical development and implementation of reporting and analytical solutions for IEHP business stakeholders that provide critical insight into business performance. Collaborate with other IEHP departments and data stewards to assess and prioritize needs, and assist with developing strategies, plans, policies and procedures related to providing effective reporting solutions. Design and implement effective reporting solutions by utilizing a variety of data gathering methods, including interviews, surveys, brainstorming sessions, storyboarding, prototyping, and use cases. Mentor other members of the team on data quality, data completeness, data accuracy, and deliverable timeliness are built into every reporting solution. Lead and drive reporting prototype reviews. Manage and prioritize user reporting requirements to help manage overall project scope. Discover, explore, analyze and document data from all source and target systems to better understand the total scope of data availability at IEHP. Model the essential IEHP business functions and the data needed to support those functions, utilizing use cases, flow charts, activity diagrams, etc. Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets, draw meaningful business insight and translate them to a self-service report. Identify and communicate issues and risks to management in a timely manner. Contribute towards reporting security requirements, architecture, design and implementation, including the definition of comprehensive security controls to enforce the IEHP security strategy. Contribute to development and enforcement of IEHP reporting standards. Gathers, selects, compiles and analyzes health plan data, with emphasis on data maintained with data warehouse. Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others throughout the IEHP organization. Provide ongoing proactive technical support for data science and reporting systems to ensure business continuity, analytic accessibility and reporting accuracy. Demonstrate a commitment to support IEHP’s strategic priorities to become a 5-Star Health Plan and incorporate LEAN principles into daily work. Any other duties as required to ensure Health Plan operations are successful. Ensure the privacy and security of PHI (Protected Health Information) as outlined in IEHP's policies and procedures relating to HIPAA compliance.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree required, Master's degree preferred.
Six (6) or more years in analytics, data science and business intelligence. Experience in developing reporting using Business Intelligence tools (such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, MicroStrategy).
Experience in report writing and analysis, including experience working with large data sets that have complex relational designs and with unstructured data sets.
Experience in database design, query development, table joins and report development and creation.
Data analysis experience in the areas of medical or health services is preferred.
KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS REQUIRED:
Strong data analysis, data presentation, spreadsheet, and database capabilities. Strong expertise in the Microsoft platform for business intelligence and reporting: Microsoft SQL Server, SSAS, Power BI, SSRS, Access and Excel.
Knowledge of data visualization and Business Intelligence tools is required (such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, MicroStrategy).
Strong analysis and critical thinking skills with the ability to multi-task while maintaining careful attention-to-detail.
Ability to handle multiple projects, data input, strong problem solving capability, excellent interpersonal/ communication skills.
Independent self-starter who is driven to success, takes great pride in accomplishments and works with a sense of urgency to meet deadlines and address competing priorities. Working knowledge of diagnosis and procedure coding, medical terminology, knowledge of managed care, claims payment processes, and insurance terminology required.
Pay Range:$98,612.80 - $125,777.60

Inland Empire Health Plan (IEHP) is the largest not-for-profit Medi-Cal and Medicare health plan in the Inland Empire. We are also one of the largest employers in the region. With a provider network of more than 6,000 and a team of more than 1,700 employees, IEHP provides quality, accessible healthcare services to more than 1.2 million members. And our mission and core values help guide us in the development of innovative programs and the creation of an award winning workplace. As the healthcare landscape is transformed, we’re ready to make a difference today and in the years to come. Join our Team and Make a Difference with us!

Nearest Major Market: Riverside
Nearest Secondary Market: Los Angeles
