About MuteSix:

MuteSix, an iProspect company, is an award-winning, full funnel digital and creative agency providing intelligent ad solutions that grow disruptor brands into enterprise market leaders. We help our clients design for the future while evolving their existing businesses with our agency’s winning combination of expert media buying, creative and talent. We help deliver scalable marketing solutions for clients across a broad spectrum of industries, including retail, e-commerce, luxury, nonprofit, technology, sports, publishing, and financial services.

About you: This role will support internal agency teams understand the impact of our brand partner’s marketing efforts on sales, revenue and brand equity. As a data scientist, you will have a deep understanding of different types of media spend channels and associated data, metrics and KPIs. You will lead efforts to develop, maintain, and refine marketing mix models, multi-touch attribution models.

Responsibilities:
Develop, maintain and refine marketing mix models and attribution models using advanced statistical methods and machine learning models.
Process, cleanse, validate and integrate data from different sources including Facebook, Google Analytics, and S3 for reporting, analyses, model building and data visualization.
Analyze and have a deep understanding of media spend (investment and return) and measure performances.
Lead the development of data framework and analytical approaches.
Build optimization algorithms using the model output to optimize media spend to maximize customer growth and revenue.
Present findings to internal agency stakeholders.
Build applications that structure data and connect it to machine learning operations.
Provide model validation and measures of predictive accuracy and confidence.
Propose reporting enhancements, modifications, and corrections within defined reporting structure to enhance client understanding of marketing performance.
Requirements:
BA/BS in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Industrial Engineering or other quantitative discipline is required.
2+ years of experience in Media Mix Modeling, Multi Touch Attribution Modeling.
Understanding of probability, statistics, and linear algebra.
Experience with large data sets and analytical tools.
Knowledge of a scripting language (SQL, Python, R, etc.).
Knowledge of media and advertising (paid social, email, paid search etc.).
Strong curiosity, leadership and business acumen.
Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally with all levels; exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to think strategically, including interpreting market and consumer information.
Preferred:
Experience with Agency, Retail, eCommerce, and subscription-based businesses.
Experience in customer analytics, including lifetime value analysis, customer propensity, acquisition & retention, forecasting, and customer segmentation.
Demonstrated experience applying machine learning models to answer tactical business questions.
Demonstrated experience building automated ETL pipelines.
What we offer:
Scooter + dog friendly office, smart casual dress code, and standing desks.
Unlimited snacks, cold brew, and avocados.
Free onsite gym and awesome outdoor amenities including hammocks, grills, comfy seating, basketball court, food trucks and weekly farmer’s markets.
Weekly Lunch and Learns, and opportunities to learn from industry experts.
Health insurance coverage and a cell phone stipend.
401K matching program.
Flexible work schedule and remote working - Take care of your work AND yourself!
More about Mutesix:

Headquartered in Los Angeles, CA, we have a performance-obsessed team of 150+ employees. Recent accolades include MuteSix being named #15 on the Inc. 500 list of fastest growing companies, one of Inc. Magazine's Best Workplaces and earning an Addy Award for breakthrough creative. MuteSix, an iProspect company, is proud to be part of the Dentsu Aegis Network, a group of agencies achieving great things in their own right, while also working brilliantly together.

MuteSix provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
