The Clinical Laboratory Scientist I performs laboratory analysis on clinical specimens using established laboratory procedures. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist I duties will include but are not limited to; processing of specimens, performance of moderate, and highly complex analytical testing, establishing, performing and documenting quality assurance, quality control, equipment maintenance, and accurately documenting all work performed under the direction of the Laboratory Medical Director. As a Clinical Laboratory Scientist I you will recognize and resolve problems using good laboratory practices.
The shift for this position is Tuesday - Friday, 8:00pm - 6:30am. We have full and part-time openings available!

Performs moderate, and/or highly complex analytic processes without direct supervision. Interprets problems with specimens which meet the rejection criteria for unacceptable samples. Makes the decision to reject a sample and request recollection to ensure validity of results.
Operates laboratory instruments and ensures proper functioning of laboratory equipment.
Completes and documents required maintenance activities on equipment, recognizes and elevates potential issues reporting service needs to leadership for resolution.
Performs quality control procedures as specified and maintains quality control records and documentation necessary to meet the standards of accrediting agencies.
Understands appropriate specimen collection, handling and transport procedures.
Prepares specimens for analysis and determines acceptability of samples within guidelines.
Assists in developing procedures for specimen collection, handling and transport to maintain specimen integrity and viability.
Validates acceptability of test results by reviewing test parameters.
Identifies the technical, instrumental and/or physiologic causes of unexpected test results.
Monitors quality assurance and assists in data collection and preparation of QA indicators.
Performs internal and external proficiency testing. Handles proficiency testing samples in the same manner as patient samples.
Maintains clean and orderly work area. Cleans bench surfaces and equipment each shift or after contamination or spill.
Meets work product output expectations maintaining all section turn-around times.
Participates in continuing education and staff meetings. Prepares and presents continuing education programs for department personnel as requested. Responsible for own professional development.
Applies step by step thinking, problem solving and critical thinking patterns.
Contributes to design, research, review and writing of laboratory manuals. Remains informed of procedure updates and changes.
Complies with safety and hazard regulations as outlined in the Clinical Laboratory Safety Manual. Failure to follow safety protocols will result in disciplinary action. Understands, maintains and enforces safety guidelines.
Observes principles of data security and patient confidentiality. Maintains ethical standards in the performance of testing and in interactions with patients, co-workers and other health care professionals.
Demonstrates adaptability by embracing changes in the laboratory with a positive attitude.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to work overtime as needed.
Ability to work outside assigned schedule as needed.
Ability to lift up to 40 pounds for approximately 25% of a typical working day.
Ability to work seated for approximately 50% of a typical working day. Ability to work standing for approximately 50% of a typical working day.
Ability to work in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 75% of a typical working day.
Ability to comply with any applicable personal protective equipment requirements.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Biology, Chemistry, Biochemistry, Microbiology, Molecular Biology, Clinical Laboratory Sciences, or a similar life sciences degree, which includes a minimum of 6 Chemistry credits, 6 Biology credits and a combined total of 24 credits in Chemistry and Biology.
3+ months of laboratory experience, including laboratory coursework, internships, and/or research assistantships.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Preferred Qualifications
1+ years of experience working in a clinical laboratory setting.
Experience in molecular testing.
#LI-AL1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.
