CONSULTANT– DATA ANALYTICS GROUP


Opinion Dynamics advances knowledge to address emerging energy and social issues

through sound and insightful research. Our inter-disciplinary team of consultants provides actionable research to support the needs of our clients, which include electric and gas utilities, regulators, and stakeholders. Our research and consulting services inform program planning and design, performance assessment, and optimization of energy efficiency, demand response, and renewable energy programs. Our company fosters innovative thought, collegiality and growth opportunities for our employees. The Data Science Group within Opinion Dynamics is especially focused on technical, quantitative aspects of our analysis services.

Responsibilities


What we’re looking for:

Opinion Dynamics seeks a new team member to join our Data Analytics group to solve complex data management questions in support of energy policy evaluations. Our ideal candidate enjoys data mining and data munging, is a problem solver, and is excited to work with a multidisciplinary team of data scientists, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers.

Qualifications


What you’ll need:
Minimum Bachelor’s degree in quantitative social science, statistics, political science, economics, computer science and data management or related field
Two or more years’ work experience in data management, ideally developing and maintaining databases, data ingestion, cleaning, summarizing, aggregation and manipulation
Strong programming skills in one or more programming languages (R, Python, Java, SQL, go, Scala, etc.)
Experience importing, cleaning and manipulating large datasets (500,000+ records) using one or more statistical packages (R, Python, STATA) and identifying, summarizing and effectively correcting data inconsistencies, as well as clearly documenting and communicating data exploration and cleaning decisions while assessing their effect on resulting data structures and possible analyses
Experience conducting econometric modeling or statistical regression analysis
Demonstrated track-record of thinking critically about your work and clearly communicating with other project staff and managers about your work
Demonstrated interest in the energy field, energy policy, or building science
Ability to juggle and prioritize multiple tasks and deadlines simultaneously and flexibly
Two or more years’ work experience in data analysis, ideally evaluating energy efficiency programs and/or performing other forms of longitudinal data analysis, OR higher educational attainment with relevant coursework
Beneficial:
Experience analyzing IoT data
Strong statistical analysis and modeling skills preferably using R or Python
Experience with model validation techniques
Experience with machine learning methods
Demonstrated aptitude with data visualization tools and techniques
Experience working with diverse set of teams supporting data needs
How To Apply:

To be considered for this position, please submit your cover letter (required) and resume with “Data Analytics Consultant” in the subject line. If contacted, please be prepared to provide data analysis and writing samples that clearly demonstrate your experience and aptitude in the areas outlined above, as well as two or more references who can speak to your experience, work orientation, and work ethic.

To be considered for this position, please send your cover letter and resume to:

Careers: Consultant- Data Analytics Group

careersCA@opiniondynamics.com

Please submit a cover letter and resume to CareersCA@opiniondynamics.com.

No phone calls, please. Only those resumes accompanied by a cover letter will be considered. Opinion Dynamics will not provide sponsorship for work authorization for this position. Opinion Dynamics is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer.
