Join us as we Rise to the Challenge
At KCI, we’re building an enduring company that provides unparalleled value to our employee-owners. We make our mark designing and delivering our world-class solutions, so we invest deeply in developing our team. We reward integrity and commitment, and when we do well, you do well. Our people have freedom to innovate, unlimited growth, a voice that matters, a lifestyle that works, and skin in the game. Because life’s more fun when you own it.
THE COMPANY
KCI Technologies, Inc. is a 100% employee-owned engineering, consulting and construction firm serving clients throughout the United States. KCI is recognized as an industry leader, employing cutting-edge technologies, management practices and strategic growth initiatives. Employee ownership fosters an entrepreneurial spirit, encourages technical expertise, and shapes strategic planning.

Seeking an individual with 0 to 4 years of experience in environmental science/ecology with demonstrated experience in the field of wetland or stream restoration and natural resource mitigation. Prior experience with ecological field work, vegetation surveys, and invasive species removal preferred.
Applicant should possess an understanding of wetland, stream, and vegetation assessment and monitoring methodologies, state (Indiana) and federal water quality permitting requirements, and invasive species identification and eradication procedures.
Strong vegetation identification skills are a plus.
Performance of duties will, at times, be physically strenuous, involve exposure to extreme weather conditions. Position will be primarily field based.
Additional credentials that will be beneficial include pesticide applicators license (CAT 2 or CAT 5), Professional Wetland Scientist registration, Rosgen training, and formal GIS or CADD training.
Position will have varying field and office duties related to stream and wetland mitigation and other natural resource projects with a heavy focus on mitigation monitoring. Specific duties may include, but are not limited to, wetland and stream assessments, vegetation survey, invasive plant identification, GIS, CADD, data management, and technical writing.
Familiar with Microsoft productivity software (particularly MS-Word, MS-Excel) is required as data analysis and report preparation will pbe part of this position.
Out-of-town and overnight travel will be required as part of this position.
This is a 7 month position with an anticipated start date in May expected to last into mid-December.
Self-motivated and responsible, ability to work efficiently and with minimal supervision.
Applicant should possess, at a minimum, a Bachelor of Science in Biology, Natural Science or related field.

Bachelor's Degree or equivalent experience required.
Minimum of 0 -2 years of professional experience. Appropriate professional certification preferred.
Pre-employment drug screening is a condition of employment. Background and motor vehicle checks may be required based upon position.

Complete Annual Individual Training Program
Train adequate backup personnel to support your role in your absence
Attend meetings with clients as required
Comply with all KCI policies and procedures
Ensure projects fulfill ISO compliance requirements
Complete other duties as required/assigned
Assist with preparation of proposals and qualifications in repsonse to RFPs and RFQs
Achieve or exceed budgeted individual utilization target(85% typical)
Attend bi-weekly(or more frequently as necessary) meetings with project team on all projects/tasks
Complete all tasks on time and within budget while fully meeting the scope
Operate within specified (corporate or project) budget parameters
Assess and document potential project impacts
Collect required field data using proper protocols and techniques
Lead field surveys
Lead the development of and assemble organized, clear, and cohesive technical reports
Prepare avoidance or minimization recommendations
Prepare mitigation strategy and plan as required
Process field data for inclusion in reports and deliverables
Review and interpret lab results
KCI Technologies, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
