About Upstart

Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.

By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart is based in San Mateo, California and Columbus, Ohio.

Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we'd love to hear from you!

The Role

As a Data Scientist with Upstart, you will have a direct impact on our company's success. Our data science team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling or machine learning. Because our challenges are so new, data scientists at Upstart need strong creative problem-solving skills and the technical background to implement solutions. Our research environment affords team members the opportunity to utilize a variety of statistical and machine learning methods with the freedom and encouragement to pursue alternative approaches to solving problems. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.

Our current Data Scientists summarize some of their favorite aspects of our team as:
Collaborative, intelligent and open team
Mentorship, growth and friendship
Leaders committed to challenging and growing team members
Feeling safe asking for help when it's necessary; feeling trusted to get the job done when it's not
Hiring Profile
Strong academic credentials with a M.S. in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science or a related field of study with a preference for Ph.D.
Comfort with programming (ideally in Python and R)
Rigorous quantitative background
Predictive modeling experience is preferred
Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values
Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility
Numerically-savvy with ability to operate at a speedy pace
