Job Description
Join one of the fastest growing Healthcare Technology Company’s Data Science team.

We are looking for Data Scientists who will support our product development, client implementation, and leadership teams with insights gained from analyzing big data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities, churn analysis, and conversion optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights.

Responsibilities for Data Scientist
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging big data to drive business solutions.
Mine and analyze data from company big databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Work with the existing data science team and collaborate with the company’s data engineering team to streamline product road-map.
Qualifications for Data Scientist
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Experience working with and creating data architectures.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
We’re looking for someone with 2+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Bachelor or Master’s in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools:
Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.
Candidates should have experience working with Microsoft HDInsight- Hadoop, Spark, R, and Power BI
Past work experience in healthcare data science is a plus
We offer our talent a competitive compensation, and comprehensive benefits package, including health insurance: medical, dental, and vision (vision premiums covered 100%), 401k, life insurance, long-term and short-term disability insurance, paid time off, and more.
Company Description
Insightin Health’s inGAGETM is the industry’s only single platform which provides a complete personalized member engagement for each step of the health care journey. inGAGETM combines medical, clinical, cognitive, and social determinants of health to recommend the Next Best Action (NBA) for each person. Health plans can improve quality measurements, gain higher member satisfaction, and increase member retention. The simple integration and easy to use platform creates an effective shift towards healthier population for the health plans.

For more information visit www.InsightinHealth.com
