Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Top Secret/SCI

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Top Secret/SCI

Suitability:

Yankee White

Public Trust/Other Required:

Job Family:

Business Process Analysis

Job Description:

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst provides strategic business analysis services to business partners. The focus of this position is to work closely with the staff and operational elements of the client to gain in-depth understanding of the client’s business strategy, processes, services, roadmap and the context in which the client operates, with the goal of understanding, documenting and mapping the technical, process, and management capabilities needed to address the challenges faced by the client in meeting the needs of its customers.

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is responsible for reviewing assigned business processes from end-to-end to identify and address operational, financial and technological risks. The Senior Business Intelligence Analysts identifies opportunities to improve efficiency.

Roles and Responsibilities
Perform duties as a Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst, providing the information for executives to make strong business decisions.
The BI analyst will provide the professional role and expertise responsible for data mining, analysis, summaries to maximize its utility, and summarily be used to support decision-making.
Help managers in the process of making informed business decisions so as to improve or sustain his/her organization’s competitive position.
Collect past and present data in order to establish and even fashion of an organization’s operation.
Provide development, reviews and evaluations of operational business processes, activities and data for the purpose of making tactical, strategic business decisions.
Required to be operationally focused which allows the agency to quickly react to dynamic and continuously changing issues, business and customer requirements.
Effort will be a continuous occurrence of business events and processes and is typically will be focused scenarios requiring analysis of business insight on a daily, short-term or frequent basis. This is applicable to operational business applications, systems and storage resources that have the most current business data, events and processes. May require monitoring of data driven business processes and events - in motion and at rest.
Provide the tools and information for executives to make strategic decisions.
The BI analyst will utilize and transition to the standard tools that are available to the enterprise users in order to ensure the reoccurring reports can be transitioned to be generated and delivered in-house by the Directorates and Commands.
Implement standard reporting systems in the organization.
The BI analyst will also be responsible for designing reports and developing processes to aid the business intelligence of an organization.
Develop standards for best practices for reporting, marketing, and educating the client on available reporting tools in the agency and how they can be utilized to provide reoccurring reports.
The BI Analyst will data mine the client’s enterprise services to the use data to figure out market and business trends for companies to increase profits and efficiency. This process includes:
Gather data through a number of ways, from mining the Client computer systems through software, looking at competitors data and industry trends to help develop a picture of where the Agency stands in the industry, industry trends and standards, where they can improve and where they can avoid costs.
Exploit the data warehouse of the company to dig for important statistics and facts that may help in rendering a true picture of an organization’s industry standing and performance.
The business intelligence analysts will spend most of their time analyzing data that includes past trends, current conditions, projected, etc. They must be able to look at large chunks of data and understand trends, and then communicate those trends.
The BI Analyst ensure that the client knows whom to approach for data to meet the report requests (TTPs)
Core skills (Required):
Knowledge of general business principles, military and government organizations, and systems engineering concepts.
Strong oral, written and interpersonal communication skills in English and at the Graduate level.
Technically proficient with Microsoft Office products (Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Access, Publisher).
Advanced to Expert level of knowledge with Microsoft Project, with experience in developing integrate master schedules from multiple project schedules.
Working knowledge of Python programming language
10 years of experience working within the Federal Government and/or DOD performing similar duties
Educational Requirements
Required - Bachelor of Engineering / Science Degree in Project Management, Business Management, Business Analysis, Computer Information Systems, Information Technology
Preferred - Master of Business Administration or Master of Technology Management
Preferred – Education in two or more programming languages (e.g. Python, JAVA, C++, .NET)
Experience Requirements
Minimum if 10 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise within the Federal Government and/or DOD supporting 8,000+ users, with a bachelor’s degree
Minimum if 5 years’ experience working as a business analyst within an Information Technology enterprise supporting 8,000+ users with a Masters of Business Administration or Masters of Technology Management
Experience should include no less than three years working within the Department of Defense.

Desired Behaviors
Self-starter with the ability to multi-task.
Strong leadership skills with excellent listening skills. Must have the ability to see multiple conflicting views and assist in the formation of consensus. Must be able to lead and to be led by others.
Strong formal and informal communications skills including the ability to mentor and train – must take satisfaction in the accomplishments of mentees
Must be able to work well within teams either as a member or leader
#GDITpriority

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

Less than 10%

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA DC Washington

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
