Spun out of MIT in 2014, Zylotech is a disruptive AI-powered customer data analytics company located in Central Square. We are ‘ZyloChamps’, big thinkers with a sense of fun who love working in an open environment full of start-up perks.

Why you'll love working here:

Zylotech is a fast-growing company that rewards autonomy and creativity. Our team works hard, is fast and collaborative, and we encourage personal growth. There are many opportunities to work with other departments where you can interact with some incredibly talented people.

What you’ll do:
Coordinate with Product management and technical stakeholders to continue building our SaaS product data + decision pipe
Perform architecture design, data modeling, and implementation of Big Data platform or Data pipe
Architect and develop big data solutions on either AWS or GCP cloud platforms
Set up and manage big data infrastructure to ingest and process data from multiple sources for Enterprise customer deployment
Create scalable & robust data pipelines to transfer data from source to destination data stores
Player and coach across a team of big data engineers, ML engineers, data scientist towards agile shipping of features and milestone
What we seek:
Prior experience in building, developing, architect scalable big data applications from grounds up preferably in product startups.
2+ years of experience in Data Engineering
Experience working with Big Data stack, Big Map Reduce, Hive, Kafka, Impala, Hadoop, Big Query, Spark SQL, Spark Streaming, HBase etc
Experience in Databases (NoSQL and SQL)
Experience in creating Data-warehouses and scheduling automated ETL jobs
Experience in Docker and Kubernetes
Good Communication Skill, both verbal & written. Confident in communicating with business & technical stakeholders alike.
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science or a related field of study.
Important Personal Attributes:
You are curious about technology & science.
Team matters.
Challenging yourself is an intrinsic part of who you are.
Sharing and debating ideas to get to the right answer is important to you.
You seek to act and don’t wait to be told.
You like to teach those around you.
You are serious about your work but also believe that laughter and levity are important.
You work hard and you also have passions outside of work that enrich your life.
Winning is important to you, but so is how you win.
You take pride & ownership in building a Product and company who is disrupting an industry.
About Zylotech:

Zylotech is a self-learning customer intelligence platform that helps marketers create complete customer profiles for targeting revenue opportunities more effectively. Powered by AutoML, the platform continuously unifies and enriches internal and external data, and performs ongoing micro-segmentation, pattern discovery, and recommendations, all while integrating with a variety of marketing clouds for on-demand accessibility. Zylotech’s cross-industry clients have reported up to a 6x increase in customer lift. For more information, visit Zylotech.com.

Zylotech is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate against any applicant because of race, creed, color, age, national origin, ancestry, religion, gender, sexual orientation, disability, genetic information, veteran status, military status, application for military service or any other class protected by state or federal law.

To all recruitment agencies: Zylotech does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Zylotech employees or any other company location. Zylotech is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Unsolicited resumes received will be considered our property and will be processed accordingly.

Qualified Applicants must be legally authorized for employment in the United States. Qualified Applicants will not require employer-sponsored work authorization now or in the future for employment in the United States.
