Title: Data Scientist
Location: Oakland, CA 94612
Duration: Contract
Job Description:
Client is in the middle of modernizing many of the IT infrastructure systems and business applications.
Importantly, the District is implementing a new Computer-Aided Dispatch and Automated Vehicle Location (CAD/AVL) system.
All the District 635 buses are equipped with the latest and the greatest mobile edge computing and 4G network devices.
From this new implementation, client will begin to receive larger datasets than before.
The polling rate for the new system for each bus has increased from 1 minute to 15 seconds, bringing in more vehicle location, telemetry data and historical data.
Outside of the primary CAD/AVL data, onboard integration will bring in data from the client Signal Priority, Farebox, Digital Video Recorders, and Automatic Passenger Counter systems.
This new influx of Big Data, Artificial intelligence (AI), Machine learning, and the Internet of Things (IoT) will require a Data Scientist, an architect that will design and implement an infrastructure to handle the influx of huge volume of data.
Roles & Responsibilities:
The candidate will become familiar with the various modules of the new CAD/AVL, as well as data from the existing transit system and Data warehouse to make recommendations on the appropriate data ingestion and integration standards, practices, and tools.
In the intent on sharing data with the public or internally, this position will assist the IT management to implement the data governance plan and open data platform.
Required Experience:
The position must have experience in Team Data Science Process (TDSP), moving data to Azure Data Lake and analytics using U-SQL.
Required Skills:
This position will require data science skills such as Statistics, Machine Learning, Multivariable Calculus & Linear Algebra, data wrangling & intuition, and data visualization & communication.
About our Company: -

22nd Century technologies is a Minority (MBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
