WR Systems is in need of a Sr HF Engineer/Scientist to assist with prototype development, subsystem modeling and simulation, system level analysis and oversight of customer projects.

Position responsibilities will include, but are not limited to the following:
Provides technical expertise in a discipline in support of high frequency (HF) radar research and development, with specific subject matter expertise in one of the following disciplines, radio-frequency (RF) and electronic engineering, tracking and data fusion, or radio wave propagation.
Working in a lab environment to implement RF sub-system solutions, to verify simulated performance or in support of prototype development and field test work.
Provides oversight, guidance and technical advice on customer projects involving RF systems, which might include hardware, data processing, tracking and track fusion or HF propagation aspects.
A combination of unique design work, test and evaluation, and simulation to verify 3rd party contractor designs and approaches.
Supports broader department level work that may involve digital processing related work and overall system performance.
Works with other engineers as a team member in solving problems. Interfacing with program office and government personnel required.
Interest in working with experts in the fields of HF radar, signal processing, electromagnetics.
Candidates must possess the following knowledge, skills, and experience:
Bachelor’s Degree in electrical engineering, computer engineering, computer science, physics or a related technical discipline from a recognized institution.
Advanced Degree preferred.
Experience performing analysis in support of RF or electronic system design, or an aspect of data processing of such a system.
Proficiency with a variety of popular engineering development tools such as Matlab, C, C++, Fortran; JAVA or Python is desirable.
Experience working in a laboratory environment, working with RF hardware and familiar with RF testing equipment such as network analyzers, spectrum analyzers, signal generators and power meters is desired.
Active Secret Security Clearance required.

The selected candidate will support the organization's mission, vision, and values by exhibiting the following behaviors: high standard of quality in conduct and performance; determination to achieve excellence; ownership; accountability; competence; collaboration; innovation; focus; drive; enthusiasm; mutual trust and respect; dedication; loyalty; and good citizenship.

W R Systems, Ltd. has a proven track record of high employee retention. We have been providing engineering, science and systems innovations, support and solutions to Public and Private sector since 1983. We encourage individual growth and provide a flexible work schedule with competitive benefit package. We acknowledge individual and group achievements through awards, bonuses, and various other formal and informal methods.

W R Systems, Ltd., is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran status, political affiliation, or any additional factors that are protected by law.

Equal Opportunity Employer / Affirmative Action / Minority / Female / Vet / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Fairfax, US-VA
