British American Tobacco
Job Number: 25737

Reynolds American Incorporated is positively transforming the tobacco industry. We’re a family of companies that strives for success in everything we do. The future inspires us because our people are igniting the breakthroughs that are redefining the ways adult tobacco consumers enjoy tobacco in the 21st century.

When other companies talk about growth, they only talk about size. At Reynolds American, we focus on the growth of our people. We take pride in each other’s growth and well-being throughout our careers. We invest in your career and total well-being because we know our companies succeed when our people thrive.

ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION:

Reynolds American Inc. is an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco p.l.c., and the U.S. parent company of R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company; Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company, Inc.; American Snuff Company, LLC; Niconovum USA, Inc.; Niconovum AB; R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company; Lorillard Licensing Company, LLC; and Reynolds Brands, Inc.. This position is with RAI Services Company (2200).

Here, you’ll have the opportunity to work on iconic brands and revolutionary products by collaborating with visionary, principled and passionate people every day.
The Senior Manager of Data Science – Policy & Advocacy provides strategic guidance and insight for departmental and legislative opportunities through the use of data analysis and fact-based argumentation. The individual will create value by identifying appropriate data and applying comprehensive statistical modeling to create analysis and insights that will be used to support policy positions and identify implications for the business. The incumbent will build off of current models while also developing new analysis and models. The insights derived from this analysis will be used to inform stakeholders. The individual will partner with a team to provide clear analytical impacts that enhance or provide new insights for advocacy materials.

Position Responsibilities
Through robust statistical modeling, analyze and articulate the impact of taxation and other legislation that impacts the business.
Assist in developing new insights and analysis on the impact of proposed legislation and regulation – for the business and the appropriate governmental entity.
Contribute to the development of short-term and long-term strategies around the Company’s legislative initiatives.
Identify and lead statistical analysis of data and databases to develop compelling arguments.
Provide analysis and insights to advance Tobacco Harm Reduction and advocacy materials.
Partner with key cross-functional stakeholders to inform and assess impact of policies.
Assist in leading research efforts of various economic and political issues that guide policy to enable the company to identify issues and trends in advance to be pro-active rather than reactive in defending the business.
Monitor policy, legislative and advocacy activity to anticipate issues impacting the industry and the Company.
Fact check statements made and materials produced by external governmental entities and NGOs (such as state budget documents), tobacco control and our competitors.
Contribute to continued evaluation of the effectiveness of analysis and advocacy materials to enhance future efforts.
Education
Minimum BS in business related field, or relevant analytical experience.
Graduate degree preferred.
Required Skills/Experience
Proficiency in analyzing data and formulating insights/conclusions.
Demonstrated ability to develop quantitative and qualitative research to support policy positions.
High proficiency in Excel.
Strong communication, interpersonal and presentation skills.
Ability to translate comprehensive analysis into straightforward messaging.
Understanding and experience with government data sources.
Demonstrated ability to understand legislative and business issues and seek resolution.
Strong ability to collaborate with various functions and stakeholders.
Must maintain strong credibility and demonstrate effective leadership.
Willing to travel domestically up to 15 percent.
Five or more years of working experience in a related field is required.
Preferred Skills/Experience
Familiarity with the political and legislative process.

Compensation/Targeted Bonus
Competitive Annual Salary
Targeted Annual Bonus
Relocation assistance available for those who qualify.
Benefit Summary

Our company offers very competitive benefit plans, including:
401(k) plan that offers opportunity to save on pre- and post-tax basis up to 50 percent of eligible compensation. Company matches 100 percent of employee pre-tax/Roth (401k) contributions up to six percent
Comprehensive health- and welfare-benefits package
Eleven paid company holidays annually, plus a generous paid vacation plan based on length of service
Company-paid sick and personal days, funeral leave and jury duty leave
Confidential personal financial counseling service
On-site health clinics and fitness centers
A matching grants program that enables employees to direct and double their donations to qualifying charitable organizations of their choice
Health-care advocacy service
Volunteer service opportunities
Federal credit union membership through Allegacy Federal Credit Union
Extensive training opportunities
Reynolds American Inc. and its affiliated companies is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Our organization offers a level of challenge, responsibility and creativity for motivated employees that stands apart from the crowd.

We are also committed to employing a diverse workforce and valuing different perspectives, experiences and talents to maximize the company's potential for successfully achieving its business objectives.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only applicants requiring reasonable accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process should contact us directly via email at TalentAcquisition@RJRT.com.

California Privacy Notice

Nearest Major Market: Salem
Nearest Secondary Market: Winston
Job Segment:
Database, Data Management, Manager, Statistics, Technology, Data, Management, Research
