At Alector, our mission is to develop therapies that empower the immune system to cure neurodegeneration. Our team is solely focused on developing cures for some of the most challenging diseases facing our society. We are supported in this mission by experienced and accomplished scientists and board members, leading healthcare investors and some of the most innovative pharma companies.

Would you like to take part in driving the development of new therapies that seek to transform patients' lives? Do you desire both autonomy and collaboration in tackling scientific challenges that interest you? Would you like to be part of a hardworking team where everyone has a voice?
The biomarker group supports clinical development by informing drug dosing, guiding indication/patient selection and decision making. You will act as a biomarker lead for our preclinical and clinical programs ranging from early research through Phase III. To achieve this, you’ll collaborate with a dynamic team and work closely with colleagues in Research, Development, Non-clinical, Clinical, Bioinformatics and Regulatory to advance our drug discovery programs. A key aspect for this position, will be analysis of large datasets, deep understanding of the drug’s mechanism of action as well as of the disease biology and experience in integrating biomarkers.
During your first year you will:
Develop, coordinate and execute our biomarker strategies for our preclinical and clinical molecules
Lead a cross-functional team to implement impactful biomarkers into our projects and perform data analysis
Collaborate closely with research teams on the discovery of novel neuroscience biomarkers
Manage data workstream, deliverables, timelines and communication with internal and external partners

We'd love to hear from you if you have:
Ph.D. or equivalent in Neuroscience, Immunology or related area with 5 - 8 years of post-doctoral experience or MA/MS with 10+ years experience, industrial experience preferred
Analytics skills such as R, Python or other data analysis programming experience)
A record of high-quality research in top tier journals, external presentations or drug development reports is required
Have excellent communication and writing skills and thrive in an environment where we work independently and on teams
Demonstrated a track record of learning new skills and troubleshooting independently and take pride in being self-motivated, and efficient
At Alector, we believe that high-performing teams include people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other’s assumptions with fresh perspectives and bring creative ideas to the table. We are committed to building an open, diverse, and inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristics protected under applicable federal, state, or local laws.
Alector is a great place to learn and experiment. If you excel in a dynamic environment where everyone is committed to finding a cure, where you’ll drive growth, this is the role for you. There is no limit to how far you can go with us.

Benefits
While we’ve focused on what to look forward to during the first year and beyond, Day One is great, too: committed and driven colleagues, a bold and important company goal, state-of-the-art brand-new brightly-lit offices in the heart of the biotech area, competitive compensation and benefits. But these matter only if you’re excited to build and own something great, and take on these challenges with us. Come join us.
