The Role:
Moderna is seeking a talented and motivated computational chemist / cheminformatics scientist to work as part of a highly collaborative, multi-disciplinary team. The primary focus for this position will be the simulation, prediction, and characterization of novel components for lipid-nanoparticle drug delivery vehicles. The successful applicant will collaborate across Platform Research, including Discovery Chemistry and Delivery Sciences, to support the advancement of Moderna's mRNA technology platform.
Here’s What You’ll Do:
Enhance our understanding of SAR and material properties and influence team strategy by assimilating and interpreting data using modeling and data-mining technologies
Apply and develop new approaches for biasing molecular designs using machine learning, scoring functions, and multiple-endpoint optimization methods
Apply a wide variety of drug design and computational chemistry methods to improve potency, selectivity, and ADME properties while minimizing toxicological risk
Maintain and develop working knowledge of contemporary computational chemistry and cheminformatics methods and their use in ligand design and data analysis
Enable solutions (databases, toolkits and methods) for internal use and implement cutting-edge published scientific methods
Setup, install, and maintain all necessary software packages to perform computational chemistry and cheminformatics tasks (e.g., RDKit, KNIME, Schrödinger, OpenEye, CCG, etc.)
Collaborate with groups across the company to support research projects, including Delivery Sciences and Discovery Chemistry
Apply chemistry, physics, and/or math knowledge to draw rigorous, actionable conclusions from complex data
Communicate findings internally and externally
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
Ph.D. with 0-5 years of experience in physical or computational chemistry
Expertise in computational chemistry and/or cheminformatics, in applications and/or development
Proficiency in at least one programming language, preferably Python or R
Experience working in a Linux-based High-Performance Computing environment
Willingness to learn and to tackle abstract problems
Comfort operating in a rapidly changing environment and making actionable conclusions from incomplete data
Ability to solve problems creatively and draw conclusions from complex datasets
Strong written and oral communication skills
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:
Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.
Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.
Our Mission:
Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.
Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.
#LI-MM1
