Enterprise Account Executive- Data Analytics

Do you want to join a fast-paced tech company?

Stratifyd, Inc. is a B2B tech company located in Charlotte, NC and is fundamentally changing the way brands analyze their data. Stratifyd delivers the most comprehensive, unbiased insights from structured and unstructured data in real time which enables our clients to make confident business decisions faster.

We are members of the Mastercard Start Path and the Microsoft ScaleUp programs, and we were named a Cool Vendor in Analytics by Gartner. Additionally we were recently awarded one of "Charlotte's Best Places to Work" as well as one of the fastest growing companies in Charlotte by the Charlotte Business Journal! With how quickly we're growing and developing cutting-edge technology, we need more talented individuals to join our team.

We are seeking a results-driven sales professional with a passion for establishing new customer relationships - a true "Hunter".

As an Enterprise Account Executive- Data Analyticswith Stratifyd, Inc. you will be working collaboratively with our marketing, implementation, and customer success teams to create a seamless experience for our customers. In this role, you will develop and execute sales strategies to achieve growth objectives in the assigned territory.

Our ideal candidate is a master of acquiring net new business within the Fortune 1500 scope. This individual loves building relationships with key customers to retain and grow revenue. The Enterprise Account Executive- Data Analytics will have demonstrated experience in analyzing account profitability, selling using a consultative approach, and driving performance from their sales team.

Key Accountabilities & Responsibilities
Strategizes with Leadership to build account and territory plans
Forecasts monthly, quarterly, and annual sales goals
Develops and implements sales strategy to achieve growth objectives in assigned territory
Cultivate and maintain trusted partner relationships with key customers to retain and grow revenue
Mentor, coach and assist SDR team members with selling technique, presentation skills, and position them for growth
Fosters relationships with Customer Success, Engineering, Marketing and other internal employees
Stay abreast of market trends and gather competitive intelligence
Manage the opportunity pipeline for growth and success
Routinely analyze account profitability, marketing penetration, and identify areas of attention and growth
Serves as the customer liaison and project lead through implementation ensuring that customers' needs and expectations are met
Articulate competitive positioning and assist with marketing strategy
Required Skills & Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration or related field (relevant business sales experience may be substituted)
8+ years' Enterprise Software Sales experience CX Analytics, VOC(Voice of the Customer) Analytics, AI, Big Data, BI, Data Science, Machine Learning, etc.
Familiar engaging with CxO's, LOB Executives, Data Analysts, Data Scientists/Engineers, and other Key Stakeholders
Demonstrated background of revenue growth- preferably within the Financial Services vertical
Manage and grow a pipeline of new and existing accounts
Execute on land and expand strategy for quick wins while cultivating complex 7-figure transactions
Musthaveexceptionalcommunicationsskills(bothverbalandwritten)andastrongdriveto helpcustomerswithcreativesolutions
,strategicservices, solutions, andclosingcomplextechnicalsales at the Enterprise level
Strongpresentationskills,bothinpersonandviateleconference or video-conference
,withtheendgoalofcustomer satisfactionandpositiverevenuegeneration
Projectleadandmanagementexperience
Wellorganized,withattentiontodetail
Historyofsuccessinconsultative,network,orsystemsolutionsellingtolargebusiness customers
Excellentorganizationalskillsenablingmanagement ofmultipleprojectssimultaneously
Stratifyd, Inc. offers employees a competitive salary along with paid time off, healthcare, vision, dental, 401(k), and fun and collaborative work environment.

Stratifyd is an equal opportunity employer all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
