Pinnacol Assurance does just one thing, and does it better than anyone: provide caring workers' compensation protection to Colorado employers and employees. Although employers are required by law to provide Worker's Comp insurance, we believe our service is making a meaningful impact in worker's lives across Colorado in their moments of need.

We have big hearts and love big ideas. We've been around for over 100 years, but don't let that fool you. Pinnacol is committed to taking care of Colorado employers and workers in the most innovative of ways! We celebrate continuous improvement, new ideas, compassion, teamwork, integrity and excellence.
With our number one priority to keep everyone safe, along with the heart of Pinnacol's "culture of caring" to do what is right and not what is easy, we're currently having our team members work from home. During remote work, we're still making time for fun! We host virtual painting classes, virtual yoga and Zumba classes, and virtual happy hours!

What you'll do:

As a Data Engineer, you play a key part in realizing our mission to provide customers with tools they love to use. As a member of the Data Transformation Team you will be responsible for data management tasks including design, development, and data security in a Google Cloud Platform environment. You will leverage your experience and skills to design solutions that will deliver Pinnacol data products while operating as a key contributor on a team of dedicated professionals working toward a common product vision.

What you can expect:
Design, develop, document, monitor, and optimize automated data pipelines for various internal and third-party data sources.
Develop custom code using Python, SQL/NoSQL, Google Cloud-Composer (Airflow), Apache Beam and other technologies to build customized solutions supporting business initiatives/processes.
Implement software engineering best practices by developing, refining, iterating, integrating, testing, staging, and deploying maintainable technical solutions.
Develop solutions which adhere to data privacy laws and regulations using Data Loss Prevention toolsets and secure storage practices.
Provide innovative solutions leveraging modern data tools and techniques.
Enhance our platform capabilities and make recommendations to support a rapidly growing organization.
Use analytical skills and judgement to solve problems and make decisions in a rapidly changing environment.
Communicate complicated problems to team members to ensure we are coming up with the right solutions.
Be accountable for effectively driving, communicating and managing changes that ensure the performance and sustainability of our data processes.
Remain current on the external environment for industry leading tools, technology, analytics and best practices to continuously improve Pinnacol's customer value proposition
Additional Duties:
Train other employees as needed
Serve on committees
Present business and technical subjects to team members or other internal groups
Perform other duties as assigned
What you'll bring to the table:

Minimum Qualifications:
Experience designing and implementing data solutions in cloud environments
Experience with ETL/ELT tooling and practices
Data Provenance/Lineage approaches
Cloud-based Data storage and security best practices
Ideal Qualifications:
Experience with Google Cloud Platform
Experience with Apache Airflow/Cloud Composer or similar
Experience with Apache Beam/Dataflow or similar
Experience with Docker and Kubernetes or similar
Experience with BigQuery or similar
Experience with functional data engineering best practices
Must be flexible, innovative, and have the ability to perform in a rapidly changing, fast-paced environment.
We can't do our work without people like you.

Our employees are extraordinary and committed to making a difference. Here's some of the ways we show our appreciation.
Our benefits go beyond the basics. You'll get to choose from diverse benefit offerings for medical, dental and vision.
We care about each other. We enjoy a positive, collaborative work environment. We are hard workers and high performers.
Take a day (or 20!) off. Enjoy 20 paid days off your first full year plus 9 paid holidays.
Take care of yourself. Sign up for unique wellness programs, including on-site, company-paid fitness facilities and classes
Get your learning on. We promote a learning culture to help you master your current job and cultivate the skills of the future through a variety of on-site, online, and off-site professional development opportunities.
Give back and get paid. Through our employee volunteer program, Pinnacol in Action, employees receive paid time off to volunteer with Colorado nonprofits.
Share in our success. You'll have the opportunity to earn a quarterly incentive, up to 20 percent of your annual base salary, when your team exceeds their goals and objectives.
When we find the right person, we try to put our best foot forward with an offer that excites you. We consider what you'd like to be paid, what similar jobs pay in the Denver area and make sure there's equal pay for equal work among those you'll be working with.

Want to love your work? Apply today!
