Greetings,

Role: Sr. Data Scientist
<strong>Location: Sunnyvale, CA/ Bentonville, AR

Duration: Long Term

Essential skills:

Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Experience withÂLinear and Logistic modelling.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Should be proficient withÂArtificial Neural Networks, Random forest.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.

A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

Strong hands on experience with Machine Learning.

We're looking for someone with at least 9 or plus years of specific experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models and is familiar with the following software/tools:

Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, etc.

Experience using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, Digital Ocean, etc.

Should have experience Supporting on Vector Machine methods

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modelling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Experience analysing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Core metrics, AdWords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc.

Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Cassandra, MySQL, etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, Tableau, D3, ggplot, etc.

Warm Regards,

Rahul

R3 Technology Inc.,

324 Courtyard Drive, Suite A

Hillsborough, New Jersey,Â08844

Direct:7328373458

Website: www.r3tek.com
