Monday, May 4, 2020

The vision of Colorado Access is to have healthy communities transformed by the care that people want at a cost we can all afford. Our mission is to partner with communities and empower people through access to quality, affordable care.

Under the supervision of the Director of Business Intelligence, the Business Intelligence Analyst III is responsible for supporting organizational decision-making through complex analysis, reporting, research, and effective use of data generated from our information systems. They will be within the Business Intelligence Department, providing extracted data sets, in-depth complex analyses, and reports to support the reporting needs of multiple lines of business.
Serves as an integrated line of business team member ensuring that information needs are understood, complete specifications are identified, and the appropriate analysis, research, report, or other support is identified to address those needs. Analyzes and documents requirements through research, data gathering, and brainstorming activities. Designs and documents customer reporting and analytic requests by defining, creating, evaluating, and selecting alternatives. Key considerations in the selection process include:
Colorado Access, Business Intelligence, and Line of Business strategic plan alignment
Business problems and opportunities
Operational efficiency
Process improvement
Techniques used in analysis and design include, but are not limited to:
Report Mockups
Analytical Project Design
Transforms complex Business Intelligence requests, both internal and external, into useful products with actionable outcomes that utilize the most credible and efficient data source, subject to relevant materiality levels. Identifies and creates new data objects. Presents report results to Senior Management.
Identifies actionable issues through data interpretation and research. Provides summary of trends, observations, and actionable items on complex reporting issues and development reports. Applies advanced data analysis and statistical techniques to answer any number of complex data questions and initiatives. Validates that output meets Line of Business needs. Partners with Line of Business Directors to “dig deeper” into output and identifies areas of further analysis.
Utilizes a variety of software applications and data sources to develop methodologies for the Business Intelligence department and the Analysis and Reporting Team.
Actively develops new tools and system enhancements, troubleshoots and solves data issues.
Seeks out, identifies, documents, and initiates resolutions to data quality issues that are discovered during report and analysis development.
Participates in available training programs and maintains an individual training/education strategy with immediate supervisor.
In coordination with Department management, specific elements of the Company’s Strategic Plan will be identified as focus areas for this position and will be included as position responsibilities.
Requirements

Education: Bachelor’s degree in health care related area, statistics, computer systems, finance or accounting. Equivalent combination of experience and/or education may substitute with a preference for four years progressive relevant work experience.

Experience: Minimum of seven years’ experience in healthcare data related field with at least three years of SQL experience. Significant and demonstrated experience with advanced data reporting and analysis methods, data management and query tools including the use of Toad, Business Objects, Tableau, Python, or other similar tools required.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: Expert understanding of health benefits, medical terminology, medical procedures, and managed care industry; expertise with CPT, ICD and other coding systems; demonstrated analytical, problem solving, and research ability as evidenced by experience in the identification of requirements and the definition, evaluation, and selection of appropriate solutions to business problems or opportunities.

Colorado Access is committed to providing equal opportunities to all people regardless of race, color, national origin, age, sex, genetic information, religion, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law. We strive to maintain a work environment that is free from unlawful harassment and discrimination.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
Required Education
Bachelor’s Degree
