POSITION PURPOSE:

Under the direction of the Quality Systems Leadership Team, the Healthcare Data Analyst (HDA) is responsible for providing technical, analytical and reporting support for the Health Plan’s Clinical and Provider departments, programs and quality activities. The HDA must understand relational database concepts, table design and structure, joins, data normalization, and data types. In addition to technical data concepts, the HDA must have strong understanding of research methods and statistical concepts to design reliable studies/analyses, and payment algorithms.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develops and prepares reports to support IEHP’s clinical and provider units utilizing available analytics and data mining tools, including but not limited to: Microsoft Applications (including MS Access), SAS, SPSS, Crystal Reports, system-specific reporting tools (e.g., MedHOK, CRM,) or other related reporting software.
Exercises timely and accurate data mining techniques and develops new or modifies existing reports that ensure consistent conclusions to data analysis.
Use analytical skills to determine solutions and resolve problems.
Responsible for evaluating report requests to determine requestor’s needs and objectives, identifying correct methodology for extracting data including data sources and criteria, and ensuring the delivered report is accurate, timely, and formatted appropriately.
Responsible for understanding the various data sources available within IEHP for reporting and analysis, as well as a clear understanding of IEHP business operations to be able to appropriately guide the development of quality program activities, including analysis and reporting.
Significant participation in analysis, interpretation, and translating of complex health plan data, issues, trends, and relationships into effective strategies and action plans.
Responsible for managing assigned projects and effectively communicating with the QS leadership team any project deadlines that may be in jeopardy of being met, well in advance of the due date.
Document all analysis / reporting projects following established protocols, ensuring replication of results by an independent reviewer.
Demonstrate a commitment to incorporate LEAN principles into daily work.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others throughout the organization.
Any other duties as required to ensure the Health Plan operations are successful.
Ensure the privacy and security of PHI (Protected Health Information) as outlined in IEHP’s policies and procedures relating to HIPAA compliance.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelor's degree required, Master's preferred. 3 - 5 years experience required. Will accept Master's degree in lieu of experience.

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS REQUIRED:
Data analysis, data presentation, spread sheet and database capabilities. Working knowledge of data analysis, study methodology, and preparing professional documents. Basic understanding of statistical methods.
Extensive knowledge of Microsoft Access, SAS, SSRS or other statistical applications are essential. Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word. Ability to handle multiple projects.
Strong problem solving capability, excellent interpersonal/ communication skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Pay Range: $69,284 - $88,358

Inland Empire Health Plan (IEHP) is the largest not-for-profit Medi-Cal and Medicare health plan in the Inland Empire. We are also one of the largest employers in the region. With a provider network of more than 6,000 and a team of more than 1,700 employees, IEHP provides quality, accessible healthcare services to more than 1.2 million members. And our mission and core values help guide us in the development of innovative programs and the creation of an award winning workplace. As the healthcare landscape is transformed, we’re ready to make a difference today and in the years to come. Join our Team and Make a Difference with us!

Nearest Major Market: Riverside
Nearest Secondary Market: Los Angeles
