Aktana is looking for an experienced Data Scientist or Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Science team in San Francisco. The Data Science team builds mathematical and behavioral economics models underpinning Aktana's core solutions for actionable analytics and behavioral intelligence. The set of problems that we tackle is incredibly diverse and complex. They cut across optimization, prediction, modeling, inference, and behavioral science. We research and develop the algorithms and models that make our solution intelligent, as well as implementing, scaling and maintaining the code that powers our production systems.

The ideal candidate is a critical thinker with experience and background in commercial life science domain, passionate about solving mathematical and behavioral problems with data, and is excited about working in a fast-paced, innovative and collaborative environment.

LOCATION


RESPONSIBILITIES
Work with Data Scientists, Product Managers, Customer Success and Services teams to frame a problem, both mathematically and within the business context
Write production-level code; collaborate with Engineering team to implement algorithms in production and productize common solutions
Perform exploratory data analysis to gain a deeper understanding of the problem
Construct and fit statistical, machine learning and optimization models
Utilize commonly used computing and database environments to get the data that you need and implement a working prototype of the formulated model.
Learn and apply new methodologies in the intersection of applied math/ probability/statistics/machine learning/computer science.
Make intelligent approximations to the model if required to make it scalable.
Analyze experimental and observational data; communicate findings; facilitate launch decisions
Identify data sources that could be used to test assumptions
REQUIRED SKILLS/EXPERIENCES
5 years+ of Data Science experience
Proven track record of developing algorithms for production-ready recommendation or prediction systems using languages and big data platforms such as Scala, Python, R, Java, Spark, Cassandra, and Hadoop
Experience working in an agile software development environment
Passion for solving unstructured and non-standard mathematical and behavioral problems
End-to-end experience with data, including querying, aggregation, analysis, and visualization
Experience implementing machine learning algorithms
Experience with analytics for commercial life science and pharma-specific analyses a big plus
Excellent communication and presentation skills, being able to explain complex problems and the solutions applied, feeling comfortable in being part of the sales process, supporting the sales team, engaging with customers and presenting technical solutions to a nontechnical audience
Experience in data science and data analytics for life science industry especially in GTM strategy and execution a big plus
High-energy self-starter with a passion for your work, attention to detail, and a positive attitude
Great team player, willingness to collaborate and communicate with others to solve a problem.
EDUCATION


M.S. or Ph.D. in Statistics, Operations Research, Mathematics, Computer Science, or other quantitative disciplines with at least 2 years of experience

About Aktana

Committed to customer success and innovation, Aktana is at the forefront of transforming how life sciences companies share information with healthcare providers (HCPs). Our proprietary platform harnesses machine learning algorithms to enable marketing and sales teams to seamlessly coordinate and optimize multichannel engagement with HCPs. Today, more than half of the top 20 global pharma companies are using Aktana for intelligent engagement.

Aktana is growing fast and looking for exceptional talent to join our team. We value hard work, transparency, and collaboration and we like to have fun too! We are Great Place to Work Certified, an honor given based on validated feedback from employees who report a consistently positive experience working at Aktana.

Headquartered in San Francisco, we also have offices in Philadelphia, London, Barcelona, Tokyo, Osaka, Shanghai, Beijing, Sydney, and Sao Paulo.
