Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories (MERL, http://www.merl.com) located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA, invites qualified candidates to apply for the position of Research Scientist or Principal Research Scientist in the Computational Sensing Team within the Signal Processing Group. Successful candidates will be expected to perform original, relevant research in the broad area of computational sensing. Focus on a particular application area is desired but not necessary. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to, array signal processing, coherent optical systems, computational imaging, sensor fusion, and inverse problems. Additionally, experience with machine learning methods and their application to the above sensing areas is desired.

The Signal Processing Group at MERL conducts research that encompasses a wide range of work in the areas of sensing, estimation, localization, inverse problems, sparse reconstruction, array signal processing, and communications. Within the Signal Processing Group the Computational Sensing Team explores novel approaches for signal acquisition and sensing, methods to filter and recover signals in the presence of noise and other degrading factors, and techniques that infer meaning from the processed signals and fusing signals from multiple sensing modalities.

At MERL, researchers have wide latitude to set their own path and pursue their passions. We are proud to foster an environment that values both fundamental scientific contributions and their application to real business. MERL provides a unique level of freedom and flexibility among industrial research labs.

As a member of our staff, you will be identifying new problems and solutions that have broad application and are fundamentally useful both in the field of signal processing and for the parent company. You will conduct innovative research and publish your results in selective peer-reviewed conferences and journals.

The successful candidate will bring an independent research agenda and a track record commensurate with experience, and be willing and able to form and work within interdisciplinary R&D teams. This is a position with the opportunity to shape and drive a corporate R&D agenda, impact the academic research field, and guide Mitsubishi Electric businesses and products. Additional opportunities may include strategic planning, mentoring and supervision of technical staff and interns, and establishment of academic partnerships.

Qualifications for this position are:
A Ph.D. from an internationally-recognized institution in electrical engineering, applied mathematics, computer science or equivalent.
Knowledge of modern signal processing, sensing and inference theory, modelling, machine learning, and experience with real world data and its applications.
Ability to rapidly implement and test algorithms and system designs.
A strong publication record in leading conferences and journals, consistent with experience.
A record for independently proposing and executing research programs.
Strong teamwork, communication, listening, writing, and presentation skills.
