Redstone Federal Credit Union is actively seeking a Data Scientist in Huntsville, AL today!

About Us:

Redstone Federal Credit Union is a data-rich institution investing in data science experts who can leverage the power of that data. Raise approval rates, suppress charge-offs, crush fraud, make our marketing dollars count. All in the service of our ultimate goal: to give back more to our community and brighten the financial lives of our members.

At Redstone, youll find a board of directors and executive teams who are committed to making data the foundation of our future success, and youll have a lot of influence in how we do that. Youll collaborate with business owners, data analysts, and data engineers to identify, prioritize and formulate data science efforts. Develop and deploy machine learning and decision optimization solutions. Conduct exploratory data analysis (EDA) and inferential statistical analysis. Design experiments. Grow your own skills while training the next generation of data scientists.

Benefits:
Health/Dental/Vision insurance
Retirement plan, Signing bonus,
Paid time off, Relocation assistance
Tuition reimbursement
Responsibilities:
Develops supervised and unsupervised machine learning models.
Conducts inferential analysis to draw valid conclusions about a population given sample data.
Design experiments to evaluate potential business improvements, such as (for example) evaluating the effectiveness of marketing promotions on improving sales.
Conducts descriptive and exploratory analytics, understanding and communicating what a dataset can tell us about (for example) members, products, processes, competition, the economic environment, and marketing promotions.
Continuously builds domain expertise in various credit union subject areas, such as (for example) marketing, underwriting, fraud, and service channels.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested.
Requirements:
5+ years of work experience or Masters degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or closely related field
5+ years' responsible business domain experience in applied machine learning and decision optimization.
Experience with various open-source toolsets and environments (e.g., Python, Jupyter, R, Scala, SQL, etc.)
Experience in distributed computing (e.g. Apache Spark).
Experience with feature engineering.
Experience with experimental design and inferential statistics.
Experience in consumer finance is preferred.
Indeed Hire and Redstone Federal Credit Union are working together to find the best candidate for this job.

By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Scala: 1 year (Preferred)
Spark: 1 year (Preferred)
Experimental Design: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
data scientist: 5 years (Preferred)
Applied machine learning in a business setting : 5 years (Preferred)
R: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
full agile sdlc methodology: 1 year (Preferred)
analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
hadoop: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Job distance:
Huntsville, AL: Between 31 and 40 miles (Preferred)
