Job Requisition ID: 4013
Position Summary/Position
Under the direction of the Data Science Systems Manager, the Data Analytic Developer II is responsible for creating, maintaining and updating IEHP enterprise reports and dashboard. The position also serves as the technical support for all reporting projects within the Data Science Systems department. The duty will include designing and implementing effective reporting solutions by utilizing a variety of data gathering methods, including interviews, surveys, brainstorming sessions, storyboarding, prototyping, and use cases.
Major Functions (Duties and Responsibilities)
1. Model and support enterprise data warehouse, data marts and cubes in the creation of a modern, highly effective enterprise reporting platform at IEHP following industry best practices and patterns.
Responsible for technical development and implementation of reporting and analytical solutions for IEHP business stakeholders that provide critical insight into business performance.
Collaborate with other IEHP departments and data stewards to assess and prioritize needs, and assist with developing strategies, plans, policies and procedures related to providing effective reporting solutions.
Design and implement effective reporting solutions by utilizing a variety of data gathering methods, including interviews, surveys, brainstorming sessions, storyboarding, prototyping, and use cases.
Ensure data quality, completeness, accuracy, and timeliness are built into every reporting solution.
Coordinates reporting prototype reviews.
Lead reporting users in prioritizing requirements to help manage overall project scope.
Discover, explore, analyze and document data from all source and target systems to better understand the total scope of data availability at IEHP.
Identify, analyze and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets, draw meaningful business insight and translate them to a self-service report.
Identify and communicate issues and risks to management in a timely manner.
Contribute towards reporting security requirements, architecture, design and implementation, including the definition of comprehensive security controls to enforce the IEHP security strategy.
Contribute to development and enforcement of IEHP reporting standards.
Gathers, selects, compiles and analyzes health plan data, with emphasis on data maintained with data warehouse.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others throughout the IEHP organization.
Provide ongoing proactive technical support for data science and reporting systems to ensure business continuity, analytic accessibility and reporting accuracy.
Demonstrate a commitment to support IEHP’s strategic priorities to become a 5-Star Health Plan and incorporate LEAN principles into daily work.
Supervisory Responsibilities
Leading: Self
Experience Qualifications
Three (3) or more years in analytics, data science and business intelligence. Experience in developing reporting using Business Intelligence tools (such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, MicroStrategy). Experience in report writing and analysis, including experience working with large data sets that have complex relational designs and with unstructured data sets. Experience in database design, query development, table joins and report development and creation.
Preferred Experience
Data analysis experience in the areas of medical or health services is preferred.
Education Qualifications
Bachelors’ degree from an accredited institution required.
Preferred Education
Master’s degree from an accredited institution preferred.
Knowledge Requirement
Strong expertise in the Microsoft platform for business intelligence and reporting: Microsoft SQL Server, SSAS, Power BI, SSRS, Access and Excel. Knowledge of data visualization and Business Intelligence tools is required (such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, MicroStrategy). Working knowledge of diagnosis and procedure coding, medical terminology. Knowledge of managed care, claims payment processes, and insurance terminology required.
Skills Requirement
Strong data analysis, data presentation, spreadsheet, and database capabilities. Strong analysis and critical thinking skills. Excellent interpersonal/ communication skills.
Abilities Requirement
Ability to multi-task while maintaining careful attention-to-detail. Ability to handle multiple projects, data input, strong problem solving capability. Independent self-starter who is driven to success, takes great pride in accomplishments and works with a sense of urgency to meet deadlines and address competing priorities.
Commitment to Team Culture
The IEHP Team environment requires a Team Member to participate in the IEHP Team Culture. A Team Member demonstrates support of the Culture by developing professional and effective working relationships that include elements of respect and cooperation with Team Members, Members and associates outside of our organization.
Working Conditions
Word processing involving computer keyboard and screens.

Starting Salary: $77,896.00 - $99,424.00

Pay rate will commensurate with experience

Inland Empire Health Plan (IEHP) is the largest not-for-profit Medi-Cal and Medicare health plan in the Inland Empire. We are also one of the largest employers in the region. With a provider network of more than 6,000 and a team of more than 2,000 employees, IEHP provides quality, accessible healthcare services to more than 1.2 million members. And our mission and core values help guide us in the development of innovative programs and the creation of an award winning workplace. As the healthcare landscape is transformed, we’re ready to make a difference today and in the years to come. Join our Team and Make a Difference with us! IEHP offers a Competitive salary and a benefit package with a value estimated at 35% of the annual salary, including medical, dental, vision, team bonus, and retirement plan.

Nearest Major Market: Riverside
Nearest Secondary Market: Los Angeles
