The Role:

Moderna is seeking a highly motivated Sr. Scientist/Sr. Engineer II to join our very collaborative Lipid Nanoparticles (LNP) process development team. The incumbent will lead process development of mRNA formulations with the goal of delivering a robust, scalable, and commercially viable manufacturing process for our drug candidates. He/she is also expected to outline process development plans, design of experiments (DOE), design and qualify process scale-down models, and establish critical process parameters (CPPs) and associated control strategy. The applicant will collaborate with Moderna’s mRNA, Lipid, analytical development and MS&T teams to maintain interdependent development timelines. Demonstrated success in late stage process development and tech transfer is essential. Previous experience with mRNA/nanoparticles product is a plus. The applicant should have excellent time management and communications skills.

Here's What You’ll Do:
Outline process development plans for production, purification, and formulation of lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) for mRNA therapeutics.
Lead planning, design, and execution of process development experiments to establish process description, evaluate critical process parameters, and establish process control strategy.
Compile experimental and analytical results, perform data interpretation, summarize and communicate next steps.
Perform process scaleup, tech transfer and provide manufacturing support in plant.
Interface with Technical Development functions such as mRNA, lipid, analytical development, and MS&T to ensure interdependent development milestones are successfully achieved.
Represent LNP process development in Technical Development team to track progress, highlight outstanding risks and mitigation, and assess timeline impact.
Prepare slide decks, technical reports, tech transfer documents, and white papers for knowledge management and communication across organization.
Contribute to process risk assessments and FMEA activities in support of late stage/commercial manufacturing process development.
Review and share relevant academic literature, leverage external consultants/SMEs, and establish new collaborations with internal groups.
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
PhD in Chemical Engineering, Biotechnology, Biomedical Engineering, Chemistry or related field with minimum of 2 years industry experience or MS with minimum 8 years of industry experience.
Late stage process development experience is required.
Knowledge of process scale-up and scale-down model development and process characterization.
In-depth knowledge of Pharmaceutical or Biotechnology product process development to support clinical trials through commercialization is necessary.
Experience in nanoparticle /large molecule/mRNA drug product process development is a plus.
Self-motivated and highly flexible working in dynamic environment. Collaborative, driven to complete assignments.
Ability to manage multiple projects, excellent communication skills required.
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.

Our Mission:


Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.

Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.

#LI-CM1
