Overview


Position: Data Scientist Intern – March, 2019, Payformance Solutions (hourly position)Office: Chicago, IL

Why we’re excited to get to work:The mission for Payformance Solutions is simple. We aim to be a catalyst for payment transformation in the healthcare industry. Our proprietary software solutions allow payers and providers to focus on what really matters: providing patients with access to care that yields the best health outcomes, at the lowest costs.

The healthcare industry is complex and fragmented. Payers and providers are faced with a lack of transparency and conflicting financial goals that fail to consider the health outcomes of patients. We help stakeholders plan, negotiate, operate and optimize value-based reimbursement programs by leveraging our industry-leading research and technology to develop alternative payment strategies. Our comprehensive, full-service approach ensures that your organization’s transition to value-based care accelerates smoothly with speed and flexibility while improving the quality of care.

Responsibilities


What we are looking for:

Our team is currently looking for a data science intern to join our team. This position will help support our data analytics needs. As a data science intern, you will utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools as needed to deliver insights, such as Python, SQL, Jupyter, D3.js, and other related software. You will be a contributor to the team, tasked with developing analytics models and algorithm solutions.

What you’ll do:
Assist with data / business analytics needs
Utilize a diverse array of technologies and tools to deliver insights: Python, R, Jupyter, Spark, Hadoop, and AWS Athena
Analyze and model structured data, and implement algorithms to support analysis using advanced statistical and mathematical methods from statistics, machine learning, data mining, econometrics, and operations research
Work with developers and engineers to spec out database models and determine implementation of algorithms
Model building and testing
Perform analysis using big data sources that provide insight and value
Assist in creating reports and provide timely analysis
Qualifications


What you’ll bring to the table:
Currently enrolled in a Masters or PhD degree program from an accredited college/ university in quantitative fields (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Data Analytics, or related field)
Proficiency with Python, SQL, and R
Knowledge of, or willingness and aptitude to learn, healthcare and claims data
Knowledge ofbuilding time series, spatial, or financial forecasting models for prediction
Strong mathematical background with strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: statistics, data mining, machine learning, statistics, operations research, econometrics, natural language processing, and/or information retrieval
Experience in extracting, cleaning, preparing and modeling data
Knowledge of data analytics methodologies, including distribution testing, data cleaning and transformation
Knowledge of data visualizations, including sequence plots, histograms, heat maps, and box plots
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Excellent quantitative skills and programming skills
Experience working with large data sets
Experience working with presentation software, such as D3, Tableau, and MS PowerPoint
Demonstrated ability to work independently and in teams
Demonstrated ability to complete work on time
At this time we will only accept candidates who are presently eligible to work in the United States and will not require sponsorship
Not to boast, but a little bit about us:Payformance Solutions is a health-tech company dedicated to advancing payment transformation in the healthcare industry. We are a wholly owned subsidiary of Altarum Institute, a nonprofit systems research and consulting organization that has been servicing government and private sector clients since 1946.

Altarum Institute (Altarum) is a nonprofit organization headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Altarum creates and implements solutions to advance health among vulnerable and publicly insured populations. Public sector clients include the U.S. Department of Defense, Department of Health and Human Services, Department of Agriculture, Department of Veterans Affairs, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and various state agencies nationwide. Altarum also serves clients in the philanthropic and private sectors. Areas of expertise include health data and analytics; value-based care; public health systems design, development and information exchange; behavioral health and substance use disorders; childhood and adolescent health; medical education; food and nutrition; consumer engagement; elder care; health disparities and equity; and military and veterans’ health.

At Payformance, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate, support, and thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our clients, and our community. Payformance Solutions is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

Payformance provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

To all recruitment agencies: Payformance does not accept agency resumes, we are not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
