Support the daily operations of the Structural Chemistry Department by performing assigned mass spectrometry based method development, validation and characterization studies in accordance with cGMP requirements, company policies and procedures as directed by laboratory management. Offer senior level support to junior level analysts.

Responsibilities

Perform mass spectrometry based method feasibility, development, verification, transfer, qualification, validation and/or characterization testing of raw materials, intermediates, API, and/or drug product samples in accordance with cGMP requirements, company policies and procedures as directed by laboratory management.

Read and understand test methodologies, study protocols, and Standard Operating Procedures in order to review or execute testing in compliance with necessary policies and procedures. Record/review data in controlled notebooks, data sheets, and electronic systems (i.e. LIMS, etc.) in accordance with cGMP requirements.

Work on routine tasks where analysis of situations or data requires review and evaluation of limited factors, limited judgment is required in resolving problems and making routine recommendations. Exercise judgment within defined practices and policies in selecting methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.

Assist technical project lead in communicating effectively with internal and external stakeholders during project related discussions or in written communications, including, but not limited to, schedule updates, presentation of technical data, interpretation of results, and/or collaborations on quality exceptions. Work closely with the team to resolve technical issues.

Prepare high quality technical documentation, such as protocols, test methods, investigation summaries and other technical reports working closely with relevant laboratory and/or Quality Assurance management as needed.

Notify Supervisor of any discrepancy in laboratory testing or general laboratory operations. In case of any observed discrepancies, initiate and follow through with the required quality exception documentation as needed.

Assume ownership of assigned quality documentation, such as exceptions, change controls, and CAPAs, ensuring that documentation is initiated and closed on time, required actions are thorough and meet procedural requirements as well as customer needs.

Maintain clear, accurate and traceable documentation records to ensure compliance with Good Documentation Practices (GDP).

Abide by safe work practices and adhere to general safety rules, performing all duties in a safe manner and never placing yourself or those around you in an unsafe condition. Report all unsafe conditions to your supervisor.

This list of duties and responsibilities is not all inclusive and may be expanded to include other duties and responsibilities, as management may deem necessary.

Qualifications - Experience and Education

A minimum of 6 years, 8+ years preferred, Pharmaceutical industry work experience required. Bachelor's degree or equivalent in scientific discipline required. Advanced degree preferred.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Advanced knowledge of analytical, protein, peptide and structural chemistry with an ability to work on non- routine tasks independently requiring minimal supervision on new assignments.

Advanced knowledge of various MS platforms and techniques (i.e. LC/MS, LC/MS/MS, GC-MS, ICP-MS, QTOF-MS).

Advanced knowledge of the ICH requirements for method verification, transfer, qualification, and validation.

Advanced knowledge of root cause investigation and problem solving; experience in the use of 5 Whys and/or other appropriate root cause investigation tools.

Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, etc.).

Strong interpersonal skills. Must be able to express oral and written communication in a clear and concise manner and effectively present information and respond to questions from managers, customers and employees.

Effective organizational and time management skills with the ability to multi-task and prioritize assignments as needed.

Ability to act independently to determine methods and procedures for working on new assignments.

Ability to write test procedures, protocols, and reports according to applicable methodologies/regulations.

Ability to work effectively under pressure in a rapidly changing environment.

Ability to work well independently and effectively with a wide variety of colleagues both inter- and intra- departmentally.

Ability to understand and apply complex technical concepts to laboratory operations developing solutions to complex problems that require an in-depth degree of ingenuity, creativity, and innovation.
