Position Description


Dynetics, a wholly owned subsidiary of Leidos, is seeking a talented Entry-level engineer or scientist to join a diverse team to create unique modeling, simulation, and analysis solutions for complex weapon and sensor systems. With offices across the United States engaging in the defense, space, cyber and commercial fields, Dynetics provides responsive, cost-effective engineering, scientific and IT solutions.

Dynetics' National Intelligence Department is seeking an entry-level engineer or scientist with requisite skills and interest to support weapon or sensor system modeling, simulation, and analysis for the United States Intelligence Community. The engineer/scientist in this role will analyze and transform intelligence data into software models that further our understanding of foreign threat systems. Following development, the models must then be integrated and maintained in multidisciplinary simulations for use in analyzing the capability of these threat systems within complex environments.

IND3
Basic Qualifications


Candidate must possess a Bachelor's (or Master's) Degree from an ABET accredited school in Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering, Math, Physics or an equivalent degree with a GPA greater than or equal to a 3.4 with 0-3 years of experience.

-Windows programming skills in C/C++, Java, MATLAB/Simulink, and Python are a plus, as is experience with Linux development.

-Candidate must be a resident of the North Alabama area or willing to relocate to the Huntsville - North Alabama, AL area.

Other Qualifications
The preferred candidate will possess a Top Secret clearance and requisite skills and interests with design, analysis, and/or modeling and simulation of sensor and weapon systems.
RF, EO/IR, controls, and signal and image processing experience is particularly desirable.
Security Requirements


Candidate must be a US Citizen and possess (and be able to maintain) a Final Top Secret/SSBI Clearance or meet the eligibility to obtain (and maintain) a Final Top Secret Clearance.
Job Number:
01.01.04-181

Closing Date:
06/26/2020

#CJ
