Also open to Senior Scientist and Associate Director levels

Novavax, Inc.(Nasdaq:NVAX), is a late-stage biotechnology company that promotes improved health globally through the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative vaccines to prevent serious infectious diseases. NanoFlu, its quadrivalent influenza nanoparticle vaccine, is currently in a pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial to address key factors that can lead to the poor effectiveness of currently approved flu vaccines. ResVax, its RSV vaccine for infants via maternal immunization, is the only vaccine to demonstrate efficacy in a Phase 3 clinical trial.Novavaxrecently initiated development of a vaccine program against COVID-19.Novavaxis a leading innovator of recombinant vaccines; its proprietary recombinant technology platform combines the power and speed of genetic engineering to efficiently produce a new class of highly immunogenic nanoparticles addressing urgent global health needs.

We are seeking a Principal Scientist to join our Analytical Development department to lead the Separation Sciences group. The qualified individual should have demonstrated proficiency with development and application of physico-chemical methods for phase-appropriate characterization of protein or vaccine products, including chromatography, capillary- and gel-based electrophoresis techniques, UV/Vis spectroscopy, particle analysis. The candidate will take a leading role in establishing strategy, development and validation of molecular biology and immunoassays for testing vaccine products. The candidate will be expected to work efficiently with cross-functional teams. Good understanding FDA and ICH guidelines and practical knowledge with assay validation is required for this position.

Responsibilities include but not limited to:
Lead and build team of professionals developing and validating chromatographic, electrophoretic, and other physico-chemical methods for characterization of recombinant protein vaccine products
Define strategic goals for the Separation Sciences group
Participate in cross-functional workflows and provide scientific guidance to teams
Apply new cutting-edge technologies to improve throughput for in-process testing and enhance capability of product characterization
Perform method transfers to QC and other groups and external partners
Thoroughly analyze results and methods, solve analytical problems, troubleshoot assays and meet regulatory expectations for analytics
Prepare and review standard operating procedures, method development reports, qualification/validation protocols and reports, and scientific journal publications and presentations
Write, edit, and review analytical sections of CMC regulatory filings
Maintain effective communication with process development, formulation development, QC, QA, research, and clinical immunology
Present scientific findings at internal and external meetings
Minimum Requirements:
MS or PhD in analytical science, chemistry, biochemistry or related field with minimum of 5 years of experience in biopharmaceutical and/or vaccine development
Strong expertise in development of separation methods for recombinant proteins
Strong assay development skills
Demonstrated managerial experience as well as experience in building teams. Ability to manage a team of scientists, and develop and motivate scientists to achieve results
Demonstrated leadership skills and capable of working collaboratively and cross functionally
Ability to critically analyze data using statistical tools and to compile and review technical reports
Ability to define priorities and process to get things done
Understanding of FDA regulatory requirements associated with analytics and characterization and documentation of vaccine products. Experience in preparing analytical sections of regulatory documents such as IND, BLA and regulatory discussion documents is preferred
Knowledge and expertise in principles and practice of current Good Manufacturing Practices (GMPs) is preferred
Excellent record keeping abilities to adequately record, analyze, and document analytical data generated in support of regulatory requirements
Good understanding of statistical tools and knowledge of DOE and QbD principles is preferred
Strong communication, presentation, and writing skills
Novavax, Inc. is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland with additional facilities in Uppsala, Sweden. Novavax is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol NVAX and is dedicated to developing novel vaccines to address infectious disease.

Novavax, Inc. offers a base salary, annual bonus, stock options, professional career development/growth opportunities, and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, Rx, STD, LTD, Life, Optional Life, 401(k) plan.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Novavax, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
