Phillips 66 & YOU- Together we can fuel the future

Description

The Technology Staff Scientist will be part of the Research & Development Team located at the Phillips 66 Research Center in Bartlesville, Oklahoma.

Responsibilities May Include
Managing one or more research programs
Developing and executing laboratory and pilot plant experiments
Analyzing experimental results
Communicating experimental results through reports and presentations
Providing work direction to the technical staff
Collaborating with other individual contributors to achieve project goals
Identifying and creating new research opportunities
Position Requirements

Basic/Required:
Legally authorized to work in the job posting country
Completion of a Ph.D. in Chemistry or closely related science discipline between January 1, 2020 and December 31, 2020
Able to start work on or before December 31, 2020
Preferred:
Minimum cumulative and major GPA of 3.0 for Undergraduate degree
Minimum cumulative and major GPA of 3.0 for graduate degree
Strong and proactive approach to safety
Experience using process simulation tools (e.g. AspenPlus ® , HYSYS ® )
Ability to work in a team environment
Knowledge of the petroleum industry
Pilot plant operation experience
Excellent, demonstrated written and oral communication skills
Company Overview

Phillips 66 is a diversified energy manufacturing and logistics company with unique businesses in Refining, Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties. From the laboratory to pilot plants, in-house research and development at Phillips 66 drives new ideas toward commercialization. The Technology organization creates technical solutions to evaluate opportunities for the challenges facing our industry. Our researchers' inspirations create avenues for future growth and help existing businesses reduce costs through improved processes.

The Technology organization focuses in three areas: 1) advanced engineering optimization for our existing businesses, 2) sustainability technologies for a changing regulatory environment, and 3) future growth opportunities. Technology creates value through evaluation of advantaged crudes, models for increasing clean product yield, and research to increase safety and reliability.

As a Phillips 66 Technology Ph.D. New Hire you will participate in training and developmental programs that provide a comprehensive roadmap for early career researchers at Phillips 66. Our focus is to help you gain a more robust understanding of refining and midstream processes, and the energy industry in an environment that embraces collaboration and values your contributions.
New hire Ph.D. researchers are introduced to company practices, procedures and technical resources including Technologys Passport program, technical training classes, and participate in technical networks, and on-the-job training.
New hire Ph.D. researchers learn from internal and external experts and collaborate with more experienced researchers within the organization.
Phillips 66 researchers may begin their careers by contributing in these key areas: refining processes and modeling, big data and analytics, catalysis, photovoltaics, fuel cells, batteries, analytical sciences, water conservation, air quality, remediation sciences, robotics, and more.
Headquartered in Houston, the company has 14,300 employees committed to safety and operating excellence. Phillips 66 had $58 billion of assets as of March 31, 2019. For more information, visit http://www.phillips66.com/ or follow us on Twitter @Phillips66Co.

To be considered

In order to be considered for this position you must complete the entire application process, which includes answering all prescreening questions and providing your eSignature on or before the requisition closing date of December 31, 2020 .

Phillips 66 is an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities

Requisition ID: 51384

Location: Oklahoma - Bartlesville

Job Field: Internships, Graduate Positions, and Student Programs

Division : Not Applicable

Technical Req : No
