100% REMOTE

The Role: Our customer is looking to improve the ingestion and exploitation of data by deploying innovative technologies to filter and categorize the vast amounts of data.

The Company:
We opened our doors in 2003 and have developed long-standing relationships with our customers, both public and private
We’re an SBA 8(a) and CVE certified Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business
We’re ISO 27001:2013, ISO 20000-1:2011, and ISO 9001:2015 certified and have CMMI DEV and SVC ML3 ratings
We’ve been named part of: Inc 5000’s Fastest Growing Private Companies in 2016; Washington Business Journal’s Fastest Growing Companies in 2015, 2016 and 2017; Washington Business Journal’s Best Places to Work in 2015, 2016 and 2017
The Employer:
We offer great benefits - Paid Time Off, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, 401(k) with company matching
We invest in our employees – We offer an annual training budget to our employees and opportunities for growth within the organization
We work hard, we play hard – We value work/life balance. We hold seasonal company events and a Washington Nationals Season Tickets lottery
What will you be doing?:
Building solutions to give time back to analysts to perform analytics giving them more relevant and accurate data from the various data sources they may not be aware of while maintaining referenceable data provenance.
Research and develop categorization, correlation, and learning models for data analysis and data discovery
Collaborate with customers and stakeholders to devise possible solutions for data sharing environments
Keep up-to-date with the latest technology trends, communicating results and ideas to key decision makers
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis
Support synergizing data solutions with IT requirements management products for new initiatives to include data modeling
Communicate and coordinate with program stakeholders
You meet our “must haves” if:

You have-
7+ years of relevant experience
Experience in theoretical and practical background in statistical analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, and/or optimization.
Experience developing in languages commonly used for data analysis such as Python, R, Julia, or SAS
Experience working with databases such as SQL or MongoDB.
Experience working with large-scale data sets.
Experience producing data visualizations for a variety of different audiences.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills along with the ability to present technical data and approaches to both technical and non- technical audiences.
Clearance requirements:
Must have an active Secret Clearance
This position is contingent upon budget, and/or customer approval.

IT Concepts is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer. As such, any personnel decisions (hire, promotion, job status, etc.) on applicants and/or employees are based on merit, qualifications, competence and business needs, not on race, color, citizenship status, national origin, ancestry, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, religion, creed, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical condition, genetic information of the employee or family member of the employee, marital status, veteran status, political affiliation, or any other factor protected by federal, state or local law.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable Accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
