McGuireWoods delivers excellent results for our clients, and our Data Analytics team is an essential part of the equation. The Data Scientist is positioned to work directly on critical firm initiatives that will deliver on the firm's strategic charge to develop and refine innovative ways to serve clients and build our brand. This role will work with stakeholders across the organization to deliver analytically-driven solutions to our clients' and the firm's challenges. This is a great opportunity to join a growing team and make an impact immediately.
McGuireWoods is a full-service firm providing legal and business solutions to corporate, individual and nonprofit clients worldwide for more than 184 years. Our law firm has earned the loyalty of many longstanding clients with deep understanding of their businesses and broad skills in corporate transactions, high-stakes disputes, and complex regulatory and compliance matters. People come here to do great, challenging work and we provide the resources and training for them to succeed and develop professionally. Working together from offices in the U.S., Europe and Asia, McGuireWoods is dedicated to diverse perspectives, impeccable service, and innovative delivery of practical, business-minded solutions. For more information, visit www.mcguirewoods.com.
California residents have special rights with respect to personal information. If you are a California resident applying for a position at McGuireWoods, our statement describes your rights and personal information the firm collects.

Work with attorneys and administrative staff to build analytical solutions for our clients and the firm
Analyze client and firm data, using statistical techniques including machine learning to develop/validate/improve/implement predictive models to optimize outcomes and reduce unpredictability
Help execute the firm's strategy around developing innovative ways to serve our clients
Provide data analytical expertise and guidance to key stakeholders
Work collaboratively on the McGuireWoods Data Analytics team, and respond quickly to time-sensitive requests
Develop data structures and pipelines as necessary to support analytical efforts

3+ years of analytical experience
Requires a Bachelor's Degree, preferred but not required in a technical or quantitative field
Intermediate to Advanced experience with Python/R or another statistical programming language
Experience using SQL to obtain data for analysis, and to build custom data structures for reporting use
Experience using self-service BI platforms (Power BI, Tableau, Looker, etc.)
Understanding of basic statistical concepts (hypothesis testing, regression, Normal distribution, etc.)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to explain technical data analysis approach and results to business stakeholders
We're looking for self-starters who can think outside the box, work collaboratively with stakeholders, and deliver results!
Have more questions? Connect with a recruiter directly.
