GENERAL DESCRIPTION
Individuals working as business intelligence analysts look for patterns and trends in data, and produce operational and market intelligence reports by querying available data repositories. They may examine geographic and seasonal trends as well as overall market or business behavior in order to provide recommendations for action. Their reports may be tailored to the needs of specific users. These individuals may develop programs and tools to facilitate their job.
ABOUT CARDONE VENTURES
This company operates nationally and is growing by the day. Our mission is to help business owners achieve their personal, professional, and goals through the growth of their businesses. We work in dozens of verticals and provide strategic business guidance through courses, live events, partnerships, and investments. Our core values are the backbone of our business and guide our hiring process: we are inspirational, accountable, transparent, disciplined, intentional, and results oriented.
JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
On a day-to-day basis the position’s responsibilities include:
Articulating data collection needs to clients
Assisting clients in extracting data
Transforming the data into a standard format
Loading formatted data into an analytic model for the calculation of standard metric results
Creating analytic models, as needed
Working independently and collaboratively to deliver high-quality results for the company and clients
JOB SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS
Technical Skills: Business intelligence analysts use complex computer programs to mine data sources and look for trends
Analytical Skills: A major part of the job is to determine what data trends mean. Being able to analyze the data is crucial
Communication Skills: Once the data is analyzed, business intelligence analysts must communicate their findings to the company or their managers
Collaboration Skills: Possess the interpersonal skills to collaborate with clients to extract data from information systems, work well with team members to deliver upon projects with cross-responsibilities
Problem-Solving: Business intelligence analysts need to look at the data trends and recommend solutions for creating more revenue and reducing loss
Time Management: Business intelligence analysts work on large projects and many data streams and many deadlines. Being able to juggle it all is crucial to the job
TECHNICAL SKILL REQUIREMENTS
Microsoft Office: Must have demonstrable high-level skills in Excel, intermediate level skills in Word and PowerPoint
Must have intermediate-level experience with Excel PowerPivot or Microsoft Power BI
Asana or other Project Management: Must have demonstrable intermediate-level experience using Asana or another project management application to collaborating with team members towards on-time delivery of work tasks
G Suite: Must have intermediate-level skills with Sheets, Docs, Slides, and Google Drive
Zoom: Must have experience with the Zoom video-conferencing application
SimplyAnalytics: Intermediate-level experience with the SimplyAnalytics platform is a plus
EDUCATION AND WORK EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's degree in business, management, accounting, economics, statistics, information science or similar
Masters in Business Administration (MBA) degree is a plus
Must have a minimum of 3-5 years of work experience in a position encompassing the General Description and Job Skills articulated above
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Prolonged periods sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
This position will require travel – up to 20%

COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY
As an equal opportunity employer committed to meeting the needs of a multigenerational and multicultural workforce Cardone Ventures recognizes that a diverse staff, reflective of our community, is an integral and welcome part of a successful and ethical business. We hire local talent at all levels regardless of race, color, religion, age, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation or disability, and actively foster inclusion in all forms both within our company and across interactions with clients, candidates and partners.
If this position caught your eye, send us your resume! For best consideration, include the job title and source where you found this position in the subject line of your email to careers@cardoneventures.com. Already a Cardone Ventures candidate? Please connect directly with your recruiter to discuss this opportunity.
