The Role:

Moderna is seeking a highly skilled, talented and motivated scientist that will be focused on method development/pre-validation/transfers, characterization of mRNA drug substance and drug product and raw materials to support mRNA therapeutic development. The individual will work with other scientists within the Analytical Development and across the Moderna ecosystem.

Here’s What You’ll Do:
Contributes as part of the AD Separation team towards the development and execution of various separation based analytical methods to support raw materials, lipids, mRNA drug substance and drug product characterization, release, and stability
Perform method development, pre-validation, method transfer to internal QC and external CROs
Demonstrated hands-on trouble-shooting capabilities using HPLC and UPLC systems
Independently performs biophysical and enzyme assay testing using established test methods, including associated protocol/report documentation and presentations
Understands and applies advanced scientific principles, theories, concepts, practices and standards for product development
Demonstrated independent judgment in technique and method selection, protocol and study design and execution, data analysis and use of standard practices and procedures for a variety of problems to meet assigned objectives
Work closely with colleagues within Moderna process development, chemistry, formulation, QC, high-throughput testing group as well as collaborate with CMOs and CROs to transfer analytical technologies to multiple sites.
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
PhD in Analytical Chemistry or related field with 1+ years of related industrial experience
Technical expertise in HPLC, CE, GC and MS method development, validation and transfer
Knowledge of nucleic acid chemistry and biology and standard methods of analysis of these molecules.
Knowledge of theories, principles and techniques of relevant scientific areas and basic understanding of industry practices and standards.
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Ability to perform complex method development and suggest appropriate method modifications
Ability to prioritize work and experience in managing multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Knowledge of the most current FDA/ICH guidance’s is preferred.
Experience with protein and mRNA separation method development is a plus
Previous experience in biotech or pharmaceutical industry is highly desired
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:

Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.

Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.

Our Mission:


Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.

Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.

Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.

#LI-TS1
