Position Description:

Concept Plus has taken an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies. As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client’s mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform.
Your future duties and responsibilities:
Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities with the ability to support multiple work streams and drive assimilation of new techniques and solutions.
Develop reports, dashboards, and tools for business-users related to federal government accounting and finance subject matter.
Refining data requirements and developing feedback from end-users in an agile environment.
Evaluate data quality using SQL and data analysis techniques that improve client-reporting capabilities.
Participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues.
Consistently deliver quality client products within assigned timelines.
Required qualifications to be successful in this role:
An interim Secret clearance is required to begin working onsite with our client, and a Secret clearance must be maintained throughout the project duration. Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required.

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Technology or STEM related technical discipline.
2+ Years of Experience building BI/visualization application, reports and/or dashboards with a variety of industry leading tools.
1+ Years of Experience in creating complex SQL queries and functions, data structures and strong analytical problem solving skills.
Experience working with large data sets and data engineers to optimize data for reports and visualizations.
Experience working with various self-service business intelligence and data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Business Objects, etc.
Ability to articulate advanced business intelligence concepts to clients and stakeholders.
Experience developing mock-ups to effectively visualize and demonstrate end-user experience to stakeholder work groups.
Experience working in an Agile based environment.
Concept Plus is a growing SDB and 8(a) certified consulting firm headquartered in Fairfax, VA. We are an Oracle Gold Partner, offering deep technical expertise, combined with business insights and an experienced team focused on providing technical solutions for our clients. We are proud to have been recognized as one of the "25 Most Powerful Oracle Solution Providers" in the area!
We offer great benefits including competitive pay, comprehensive health insurance, dental and vision insurance, paid life insurance, paid time off, 11 paid holidays, bonuses, tuition reimbursement, unlimited training, and the opportunity to work in a collaborative, flexible, innovative environment! For additional information about our dynamic organization, please visit our website at www.conceptplusllc.com.
Concept Plus is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. As such, we will give your application full consideration without regard to your race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.
