MITRE performs leading-edge research
and development toward transformational solutions to our world’s most
challenging problems. Our Center for Advanced Aviation Systems Development is a
Federally-Funded Research and Development Center (FFRDC) established to serve
as strategic partners to the federal government and various aviation groups
around the world. Our engineers, analysts, technical and operational experts
team to solve problems in the public interest that improve the safety and
efficiency of the airspace system in the U.S. and abroad.

The Aviation Safety & Analysis
department is individuals with interest in applying their data science skills
to deep and challenging problems in the aviation domain. We have a treasure trove of data including
time series, text and sensor data and challenging problems to solve. We are
seeking skills in machine learning, deep learning, text mining, big data and
software/application development.

If
Sklearn, pyTorch, Keras,TensorFlow, LSTM, LDA, anomaly detection, entity
extraction, summarization mean something to you, we want to talk to you. You
are not required to have skills in all of these but should have hands-on skill
in at least one area and the ability to dive deep in the data, and learn the
necessary skills to get the job done.

The candidate will
work with the FAA and international customers, leveraging one of the largest repositories
of aviation data to improve the capabilities, safety, and efficiency of the
aviation system.

The candidate will
be responsible for supporting a team of more senior AI/ML staff and Data
Scientists in the following tasks:
Leveraging
AI/ML techniques and solutions to identify complex patterns for predicting
safety hazards
Increasing
the efficiency and quality of the vulnerability discovery process by tightly
integrating automated processes, AI/ML techniques and human SME/analyst
expertise
Develop and
prototype AI algorithms and software tools.
Enhance and
maintain current analysis tools, including automation of current processes
using AI/ML algorithms.
Conduct
quantitative data analysis using a variety of datasets, including developing
retrieval, processing, fusion, analysis, and visualization of various datasets
Develop
techniques that make use of both digital flight data, text-based safety
reporting, and a variety of other aviation data sets both in a silo and in a
fused environment to identify potential safety vulnerabilities
Basic
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s
Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Electrical
Engineering, Computer Engineering or related fields
Hands-on
Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred)
Experience
or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Mining Algorithms.
Ability to
work closely with Domain experts to develop tools/algorithms needed to answer
research questions in their studies
Excellent
Communication Skills (with the abilty to explain developed tools and ML
algorithms to a non-technical audience)
Ability to
formulate operational problems in aviation domain as technical problems that
allows for reuse of leading research in the area.
Proven
ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes,
languages, platforms, systems
Strong
analytic, inferencing, critical thinking, and creative problem-solving skills
Self-starter
with ability to work both independently and with a team

Preferred
Qualifications:
1 to 2 years
of relevant experience
Experience
with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch,Mxnet etc.
Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain
Experience
with interpretability of deep learning models
Big Data
Skills (Hadoop, Spark, recent deep learning platforms)
Visualizations/Web
Development Skills (e.g. Tableau, MEAN stack - MongoDB,
ExpressJS, AngularJS, NodeJS).
Practical
experience with statistical analysis
Experience
with text mining tools and techniques including in areas of summarization ,
search (e.g. ELK Stack) , entity extraction, training set generation (e.g.
Snorkel) and anomaly detection
Expert
software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintain good
production quality code
