Seeking a Data Scientist (Mid to Senior Level) to join a growing team in Pittsburgh, PA. Looking for a candidate inspired by finding solutions in large data sets, working with a variety of stakeholders, and directly influencing customer and market experience.

Job Responsibilities
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize sales and revenue and personalize the customer experience.
Mine and analyze data from internal databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
Develop statistically significant Test and Learn programs to tests hypothesis and model output.
Work across business units to identify and understand the right approach to solve business problems
Develop processes and tools to monitor a models performance.
Experience Required

3+ Years experience with a Big Data Environment
3+ Years experience using web services
Strong working knowledge of machine learning

Find Us on Facebook!
Follow Us on Twitter!

Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Company Profile:

Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs.

Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles.

Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com.

We look forward to working with you.

Beacon Hill. Employing the Future
