As a team member in the Finance and Internal Audit department at Nationwide, the opportunities are endless! You can grow and learn in diverse areas across many disciplines such as Advanced Analytics, Investments, Actuarial, Accounting, Risk Management, Critical Business Advisor and so much more. Let Nationwide help create your career journey!

As a Lead Data Engineer in the Property & Casualty data management team at Nationwide, you will be working with product manager and product owners to design, implement and scale data pipelines that transform data into actionable information and enables decision making. This role will be focused on supporting the Property and Casualty Telematics (IoT) line of business in partnership with advanced analytics team and the enterprise analytics office to design and build data pipelines based on business requirements.

Ideal candidates will have the following skills:
Experience programming in Python, Spark SQL, Dataframes and PySpark
Experience with Spark architecture, big data concepts and building data lakes
Experience with AWS S3, Glue, Kinesis or Kafka, EMR and familiar with Parquet and delta formats
Experience with Databricks and Delta Lake
Automate code deployment and promotion
Diagnose and resolve technical issues or defects
Design experience using best practices in building a data pipeline
Experience in scrum team and working from business stories to task out and estimate work effort
Experience leading a team of data engineers and provide mentorship
Strong communication skills both verbal and written
P&C Insurance and claims industry experience
Compensation Grade: G3

*This position may be filled at the lower Specialist level, depending on best qualified candidates skills and experiences*

Job Description Summary

JOB SUMMARY: Responsible for leading business analytics projects supporting the business unit. Consults with business partners to define, structure and execute analytic projects. Analyzes trends and patterns in structured and unstructured data and synthesizes and communicates meaningful insights to the project team and business stakeholders using advanced techniques including data mining, predictive analytics and visualization. Develops and implement data management practices. May lead small multiple concurrent projects.

Job Description

REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS: Reports to Manager level or higher. May have direct reports based on organizational structure. May be responsible for project teams.

CORE JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

1. Responsible for creating, packaging, and communicating analytic work (synthesis) by developing new statistical models and using appropriate medium for relevant insights and applicable data visualizations.Use statistical techniques to determine patterns and predict future business outcomes and trends.

2. Responsible for effectively synthesizing own project work and the work of team members.Work may span more than one project or focus area.Plans and manages execution of own work, participates in planning, and delivers on commitments.Participates in the development of scope, risk/control matrix, project timelines, and assignments.

3. Collaborates with Leadership to develop analytic strategies for the business unit. Consults with business partners to understand, align, and deliver analytic work that supports business objectives and priorities.

4. Applies appropriate quantitative techniques and methods to solve business problems.Directs the application of appropriate quantitative techniques to facilitate repeatable research.Optimizes the use of analysis methods such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods to support business decisions.

5. Responsible for building analytic applications using statistical, database, and/or general programming languages and tools.Leverage technology for data management, report automation and/or ad hoc reporting for end users.

6. Develop and implement data management practices for structured and unstructured data sources.

7. Reviews analytic work papers and provide meaningful feedback and coaching throughout.May provide coaching and feedback to project team associates.

8. Build and maintain relationships and serve as a trusted business advisor to clients, internal risk partners, and other stakeholders.Create partnerships across the enterprise to ensure methodologies and assumptions used are aligned with corporate practices.

9. Actively contribute to the continuous improvement of department processes through ongoing initiatives.

10. Performs other duties as assigned.

MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS:

Education: Undergraduate studies in statistics, mathematics, analytics or related field with post graduate studies preferred.

Experience: Typically 8 or more years’ experience in data warehousing, statistical analysis and queries. Detailed experience with analytical problem solving; working with large structured and unstructured data sets and databases to identify trends and predict opportunities. Professional experience in insurance, financial services or a related industry preferred.

Knowledge: Understanding of and knowledge to conduct various statistical, econometric, quantitative analysis techniques. Advanced understanding of and working knowledge to conduct data management and extraction of large analytical platforms. Knowledge of quantitative theories and techniques and their role in business context. Relevant Property and Casualty industry or business knowledge is preferred. Knowledge of statistical software and databases such as ACL, R, SAS, SPSS, MatLab, Teradata, Oracle, DB2, SQL Server, Netezza, etc. Understands data structures operational vs analytical data structures, normalization, etc. and SQL Assistant, WinSQL, and Toad, etc. Knowledge of general purpose programming languages (Python, Java, C++, etc) including domain specific languages, static and dynamic languages, application design and development, test driven development, and agile practices. Possesses an understanding of various operating system platforms (i.e., Windows 200X, UNIX, OS/400, etc.); relational database security concepts and platforms (i.e., Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server and DB2); enterprise network and systems architecture concepts and technologies; SDLC and generally accepted IT project management methodologies and approaches; and information security/protection concept.

Skills/Competencies: Possesses core statistics skills including an understanding of probability and its application to the analysis of data. Able to evaluate sources of variation and identify influential factors/features. Experienced with statistical process control, process monitoring and diagnostics. Ability to conduct data manipulation and analyses using analysis methods such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods. Ability to understand business processes and the data produced by them. Capable of developing distinctive data visualizations.

Critical Thinking and Problem Solving: Uses rigorous logic and methods to solve difficult problems with effective solutions, probes different sources for answers, and can see hidden problems. Ability to formulate business questions/problems into analytical questions, execute analyses and communicate recommendations.

Communication: Excellent verbal and written communication skills to translate analytic findings into actionable communications. Able to clearly and succinctly communicate information and ideas through a variety of media in a manner that engages audiences at various levels and helps them understand and retain the message.

Time Management: Is able to plan and prioritize tasks, uses time effectively and efficiently, and can work on multiple concurrent projects.

Strategic Agility / Adaptable to Change: Can anticipate future consequences, has broad knowledge and perspective, is future oriented, and can paint credible visions of possibilities and likelihoods.

Values: Regularly and consistently demonstrates the Nationwide Values and Guiding Behaviors.

Staffing Exceptions to the above minimum job requirements must be approved by the hiring manager’s leader and HRBP.

JOB CONDITIONS:

Overtime Eligibility: Not Eligible (Exempt)

Working Conditions: Normal office environment. Extended and non-standard work hours based on project and customer deliverable.

ADA: The above statements cover what are generally believed to be principal and essential functions of this job. Specific circumstances may allow or require some people assigned to the job to perform a somewhat different combination of duties.
