At Wish, our Data Science & Engineering team is comprised of Data Scientists, Data Analysts & Data Engineers who focus on centralizing corporate data in order to gain insights, knowledge and scalability, that empower a proactive and rigorous analysis of key business indicators. Our mission is to derive wisdom from data via the application of Data Science.

Wish has exciting opportunities for talented Data Scientists to form the foundation of our centralized data science team. Successful candidates will have extensive backgrounds in a quantitative fields and s track record of using data to drive the understanding, growth, and the success of a product. As a member of this team, you will be empowered and motivated to drive business impact through data.

As a Data Scientist at Wish, you will:
Apply statistics techniques to improve Wish’s experimentation platform and process.
Apply economics methodologies to understand and improve Wish’s two-sided marketplace.
Apply optimization techniques to improve Wish’s logistics and overall user experiences.
Apply machine learning techniques to improve Wish’s product and operation.
Required Skills & Experience:
Advanced degree in a quantitative field.
A minimum of 3 years of Data Science experience in technology or research industry.
Proficient in Python or R
Preferred skills:
Demonstrated track record of successful projects in applying quantitative techniques to improve a product or business.
5+ years work experience in technology or research industry.
Domain expert in one of the fields: statistics, machine learning, optimization, and economics.
Why Wish:

Wish is transforming the way the world shops by offering a convenient and personalized mobile shopping experience. Our mission is to offer an unlimited selection of affordable quality goods to be accessible for everyone on a global scale. We bring together world-class technical talent with a passion for connecting relevant products to relevant people.

Learn more about us:
Intro to Wish
Our CEO discusses Wish
Crunchbase
Recruiting Video

Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.


Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.
