Job Description

Join the Clean Energy Revolution

Become a Data Scientist at Southern California Edison (SCE) and build a better tomorrow. In this job, youll will be responsible for working closely with clients, data stewards & SMEs, information architects, data engineers, project/program managers, and other teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. This includes providing data that is congruent and reliable. They need to be creative thinkers and propose innovative ways to look at problems by using data mining (the process of discovering new patterns from large datasets) approaches on the set of information available. They will lead the mining of the data for insights, development and implementation of new and advanced forecasting models using advanced statistic and machine learning methods, and educating other analysts and management in Organizational Units about the state-of-the-art in big data analytics. They will need to validate their findings using an experimental and iterative approach. Also, Data Scientists will need to be able to present back their findings to the business by exposing their assumptions, validation and work in a way that can be understood by their business counterparts.

As a Data Scientist, your work will help power our planet, reduce carbon emissions and create cleaner air for everyone. Are you ready to take on the challenge to help us build the future?

A day in the life - Get ready to think big, work smart and shine bright!

The Data Scientist is responsible for modeling complex analytical problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytical skills, the individuals in this role should be proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, overseeing advanced analytical solutions development and communicating results. This role will:
Generate advanced analytical approaches using predictive modeling, optimization and simulation abilities
Apply statistical and pattern recognition techniques to perform description, prediction, and optimization
Generate business insights
Ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets.
The Data scientist will need a combination of business understanding, strong analytical and problem solving skills and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypotheses through the discovery phase of the project. Excellent written and verbal communications skills to report back the findings in a clear, structured manner are required.

Qualifications

The essentials
Bachelors in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics.
Three or more years of experience using algorithms, data mining and predictive modeling for the purpose of providing business recommendations in a corporate llenvironment
Experience using SAS for statistical analysis
Proficiency in one or more of the following for the purpose of extracting and transforming large datasets: SQL, R, Python.
Experience with dashboards, business intelligence tools, and visualization solutions
The preferred
MS or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, or information sciences such as business analytics or informatics
Experience with machine learning
Certification in Data Science and/or Predictive Analytics
Data integration knowledge and skills
You should know
Visit our Candidate Resource page to get meaningful information related to benefits, perks, resources, testing information, and hiring process, and more!
Candidates for this position must be legally authorized to work directly as employees for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.
About Southern California Edison

The people at SCE don't just keep the lights on. Our mission is so much bigger. Were fueling the kind of innovation thats changing an entire industry, and quite possibly the planet. Join us and create a future with cleaner energy, while providing our customers with the safety and reliability they demand. At SCE, youll have a chance to grow personally and professionally, making a real impact in Southern California and around the world.

At SCE, we celebrate our differences. We are a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status.

We are committed to ensuring that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodations at (833) 343-0727.

#LI-SG1
