Data Scientist


New York, NY | Full Time

We’re seeking Data Scientists who will help solve critical business problems and derive valuable insights for our clients. Our teams apply business intuition along with a diverse set of methods and algorithms, including but not limited to, advanced analytics, machine learning, text mining, process mining, network analysis, and data visualization to improve operations. The ideal candidate is capable of ingesting, processing and interpreting data sets that vary widely in size, structure, complexity, and dimensionality. They are quick to adapt to new technology, and passionate about data-driven business problem solving for business operations. They also thrive in cross-functional teams and can clearly communicate technical concepts to non-technical individuals.

CKM is on the forefront of leveraging data analytics to inform strategic decision-making and drive operational improvement for clients. Our number one asset is our people, who shape the uniquely creative and energetic culture at CKM. Because we’re passionate about knowledge sharing and professional development, we give our employees ample opportunity to satisfy natural curiosity, access to the firm’s expertise, plus the autonomy and authority to design and execute their own analyses.

Why we’ll love you:
Bachelors, Masters, or Ph.D.
Passion for quantitative problem solving and developing data driven solutions to difficult business questions
Demonstrated proficiency in Python, in an academic or professional environment
Skills in or familiarity with data cleaning, natural language processing, machine learning, artificial intelligence, visualization, network analysis, and distributed computing are a plus
Familiarity with database concepts and structures
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analyses clearly
Fluent oral and written English communication skills
Self-starter and team player
Ability and willingness to travel from time to time (domestic and international)
Authorized to work in the US
Why you’ll love us:


Our team is diverse and intellectually curious, made up of people that you’ll genuinely enjoy spending time with
We’re fanatical about helping clients derive value from data and work on solving challenging problems within some of the world’s largest companies
We are a meritocracy and consistently promote from within
We move fast and are not afraid of evolving our tools, technology and thinking
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with your degree and experience. At CKM, we celebrate our differences – they help our business thrive and our employees have fun. CKM Analytix is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national orientation, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity/expression, or veteran status.
