Are you interested in playing a pivotal role in cultivating a product line that has the promise to support breakthroughs in future therapeutic developments? Agilent is seeking energetic, motivated individuals to accelerate the development of new product offerings in our growing portfolio of bioreagent enzymes, proteins and protein conjugates. We have a great opportunity for someone to join Agilent as a Process Development Scientist.

Agilent inspires and supports discoveries that advance the quality of life. We provide life science, diagnostic and applied market laboratories worldwide with instruments, services, consumables, applications and expertise. Agilent enables customers to gain the answers and insights they seek ---- so they can do what they do best: improve the world around us. Information about Agilent is available at www.agilent.com.

The process development scientist leads development and scale-up of Manufacturing processes using fundamental principles of process excellence. They will be involved in new product development, scale-up, purification, process optimization, technology transfer and process validation activities all to ensure high quality supply of manufactured products safely, on time and within budget.

As a member of the Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain team, the Process Development Scientist will be responsible for:
Driving and communicating the strategic and technical direction for process development and manufacturing the enzyme, proteins and protein conjugate bioreagent portfolio.
Developing and verifying new production processes following established standards of quality in experimentation and process control.
Providing technical direction for manufacturing, managing resources and assignments while adhering to budget, giving technical advice, and reviewing experimental plans, results and reports. This includes the development, improvement and documentation of purification methods and characterization techniques.
Monitoring the performance of production processes and equipment and making recommendations for continuous improvement.
Communicating progress of strategic projects to stakeholders. Identifying and communicating potential roadblocks to meeting plans.
Leading the transfer of developed products to manufacturing by writing and reviewing documents for production and quality control of products.
Ensuring that processes, equipment and the facility meet applicable quality, regulatory and safety requirements. Ensures that staff are appropriately trained on technical background, business requirements, methods, procedures and quality system requirements.
Qualifications:
PhD degree in Chemistry, Biochemistry or related discipline preferred. BS/MS with additional experience considered.
8+ years relevant industrial experience.
Preparative chromatography method development experience (FPLC experience a plus)
Protein characterization experience (enzyme characterization a plus).
Experience with process transfer and scale up.
Protein conjugation experience a plus.
Experience in writing SOPs or manufacturing procedures or product literature
Must have strong problem-solving and technical (written/verbal) communication skills.
Proven track record of designing and troubleshooting experiments.
Experience working within a Quality System including QSR or IS09001.
Strong oral and written communication skills, and the ability to turn data into actionable insights in a clear and concise manner.
Ability to work and communicate effectively as part of a cross-geographic, cross-organizational and cross-cultural team.
Good Business Acumen with a positive solutions-oriented approach and ability to build productive relationships.
Agilent Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We value diversity at all levels. All individuals, regardless of personal characteristics, are encouraged to apply. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, pregnancy, race, religion or religious creed, color, gender, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by federal, state, local law, ordinance, or regulation and will not be discriminated against on these bases.

Agilent Technologies, Inc., is committed to diversity in the workplace and strives to support candidates with disabilities. If you have a disability and need assistance with any part of the application or interview process or have questions about workplace accessibility, please contact +1-262-754-5030 email job_posting@agilent.com. EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please see all of our notices for EEO below.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
