Why Join Altec? If you're considering a career with Altec, Inc., there's never been a better time to join us! Our Company was founded based upon values that place the customer first, and view people as our greatest strength. Altec has continued to grow, utilizing the same basic values, and over the years, those values have helped us to earn the trust and confidence of our customers worldwide. We remain committed to total customer satisfaction in everything we do. That's why today, Altec is an innovative, financially sound company that is setting the standard of excellence in design, manufacturing and service and that's why you can rely on us to provide you with the stability of a well managed company. Our Company Altec Inc., founded in 1929, is a privately held company headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama. Altec specializes in the manufacture, sale and service of aerial devices, digger derricks, cranes and specialty equipment for the electric utility, telecommunications, tree care, construction, and light and sign maintenance industries in more than 120 countries. Responsibilities Data Scientists at Altec develop AIML models to solve complex problems that help improve our businesses' processes and products. Major responsibilities include the following End to end design and development of AIML pipelines in AWS Automate retraining of models Deployment of models for real-time and batch inference Test, Train and Validate models developed in Python or R Monitor performance of production models over time Explore and utilize prepackaged ML services where it makes sense Collaborate closely with business stakeholders and analysts to understand data and the problem needing to be solved Work with other development teams to integrate models into user applications Continuously learn new algorithms and technologies that can help Altec better utilize data. Projects at Altec will require knowledge or learning in the following areas Time series forecasting Optimization problems Anomaly detection Clustering Regression Natural language processing Qualifications High School Diploma or GED required Bachelor's Degree in related discipline strongly preferred, but consideration may be given to an exceptional candidate with four years relevant work experience. At least two years of recent programming experience with Python andor R required Familiarity with AWS (specifically Sagemaker, S3, Athena, Glue) is preferred Proficient in Python andor R preferred Team player with an ability to work with across teams to achieve objectives Ability to develop and maintain strong working relationships across functional boundaries, and at all levels of the company. Ability to work on a solution despite the potential of insufficient andor imperfect information Flexibilityadaptability to work within changing circumstances Experience with Agile methodology for application development preferred Experience with advanced data analytics and data mining preferred Strong verbal and written communications skill The job level may be modified upward based on the qualifications of the candidate Benefits Altec offers a competitive salary that rewards performance and dedication, along with a comprehensive benefits package that includes Medical, Dental and Prescription Drug Program Retirement 401(k) Program Vacation and Holidays Flexible Spending Accounts Tuition Assistance Program Employee Assistance and Mental HealthSubstance Abuse Program Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance EEO Statement Altec Industries, Inc. and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain affirmative action plans to recruit, retain, develop, and promote qualified individuals without unlawful consideration of race, gender, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. Altec strives to maintain a work environment free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where associates are treated with respect and dignity.
