Do you have expertise in, and passion for applying Data science to facilitate drug development while ensuring patient safety? Would you like to apply your expertise to impact the lives of millions of patients in a company that follows the science and turns ideas into life changing medicines? Then AstraZeneca might be the one for you!

At AstraZeneca, we put patients first and strive to meet their unmet needs worldwide. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. If you are swift to action, confident to lead, willing to collaborate, and curious about what science can do, then youre our kind of person.

The Patient Safety Center of Excellence our vision is to pursue functional excellence for Patient Safety across the business by providing specialised expertise in Safety Science, Pharmacovigilance and Risk Management, while optimising Safety Processes, Systems, Policy, Compliance and Governance.

Our Gaithersburg, Maryland facility creates life-changing medicines for people around the world. This campus employs more than 3,500 experts in our field and is only a short drive from Washington, DC. This modern and vibrant scientific campus is the home of R&D and Oncology in the US. Here, we play host to some of the most cutting-edge technology and lab spaces, all designed to inspire collaboration and cross-functional science. We believe employees benefit from being challenged and inspired at work. We are dedicated to creating a culture of inclusion and collaboration.

The Gaithersburg site offers a variety of amenities to help boost productivity and help keep our employees happy and healthy. This includes a fitness center, employee healthcare clinic, electric vehicle charging stations, dry cleaning, full-service cafeteria and copy center. This is where youll find newly-designed, activity-based work spaces to suit a variety of working styles while increasing collaboration between teams.

What youll do
Implement analytic solutions to solve patient safety problems
Use applied statistics, machine learning, and software skills to deliver key insights form data or build self-service tools
Collaborate closely with the Patient Safety CoE and therapeutic area teams to develop an understanding of priorities and early insight into changing needs
Apply data wrangling by extracting, transforming, cleaning, and integrating relevant data for model development
Using expert knowledge of public and proprietary content sources, develop complex search strategies and analyse information to provide insight for regulatory, pharmacovigilance and drug safety experts.
Act proactively and reactively to respond rapidly to safety related queries from internal colleagues and external partners including Regulators.
Essential for the role
Expertise in programming languages, especially R/ Python and SQL.
Understanding of widely used statistical methods and machine learning algorithms
Experience visual analytics tools, cloud computing, and version control
Proven record of implementing analytical solutions to address research/business problems.
Experience of working in a matrix environment with multiple stakeholders
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Desirable for the role
Prior experience of working in a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company
Familiarity with clinical, safety, and real-world data
Familiarity with deep learning algorithms applied to natural language processing
Experience of enabling innovation and managing change involving many stakeholders
Highly developed analytical and conceptual thinking, with the ability to understand multiple, complex business needs and to prioritize them
Why AstraZeneca?

At AstraZeneca when we see an opportunity for change, we seize it and make it happen, because any opportunity no matter how small, can be the start of something big. Delivering life-changing medicines is about being entrepreneurial - finding those moments and recognising their potential. Join us on our journey of building a new kind of organisation to reset expectations of what a bio-pharmaceutical company can be. This means were opening new ways to work, pioneering cutting edge methods and bringing unexpected teams together. Interested? Come and join our journey.
So, whats next!
Are you already imagining yourself joining our team? Good, because we cant wait to hear from you.
Are you ready to bring new ideas and fresh thinking to the table? Brilliant! We have one seat available and we hope its yours.
If youre curious to know more then please reach out to arvind.mathur@astrazeneca.com.
Where can I find out more?

Our Social Media, Follow AstraZeneca on LinkedIn https://www.linkedin.com/company/1603/

Follow AstraZeneca on Facebook https://www.facebook.com/astrazenecacareers/

Follow AstraZeneca on Instagram https://www.instagram.com/astrazeneca_careers/?hl=en
