Onica is an APN Premier Consulting Partner. As a full spectrum AWS integrator, we assist hundreds of companies to realize the value, efficiency, and productivity of the cloud. We take customers on their journey to enable, operate, and innovate using cloud technologies – from migration strategy to operational excellence and immersive transformation.

If you like a challenge, you’ll love it here, because we’re solving complex business problems every day, building and promoting great technology solutions that impact our customers’ success. The best part is, we’re committed to you and your growth, both professionally and personally.

Overview

Our Data Scientists are experienced technologists with technical depth and breadth, along with strong interpersonal skills. In this role, you will work directly with customers and our team to help enable innovation through continuous, hands-on, deployment across technology stacks. You will work to build data science pipelines that include building models, A/B testing, natural language processing, computer vision and AR/VR visualizations.

What You’ll Be Doing
Confidence with manipulating complex, large and dense datasets with big data tools; must be comfortable with SQL and large database systems
Ability to Build complex data transformation code
Build complex SQL queries using MongoDB, Oracle, SQL Server, MariaDB, MySQL
Excellent ability to work with structured and unstructured data sets
Deep experience with R or Python, SQL and running ETL jobs
Ability to apply supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques
Strong understanding of continuous learning and model training
Knowledge of data labeling, categorization, and structuring techniques
Expert ability to break down and clearly define problems
Strong ability to communicate highly technical results to a diverse audience
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Qualifications & Experience
3-5 years of hands-on experience in data mining and predictive analytics with statistical modeling techniques
3-5+ years of experience in networking, infrastructure, or database architectures
Experience working with data in the AWS ecosystem
Experience with advanced data science tools
Experience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructured data
MS or PhD in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field
Experience in the cyber security domain
AWS certifications
SQL
Kubernetes is a plus
Artificial Intelligence
Predictive Analytics
Tableau or other visualization tools
Kafka / Confluent
CI / CD and Cloud Native Computing (Docker, Kubernetes, Consul, Vault)
If you get a thrill working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers’ problems, we’d love to hear from you. It’s time to rethink the possible. Are you ready?
