Medidata: Conquering Diseases Together

Medidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences, creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical, biotech, medical device and diagnostics companies, and academic researchers accelerate value, minimize risk, and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 1,400 customers and partners access the world's most-used platform for clinical development, commercial, and real-world data. Medidata, a Dassault Systèmes company, is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com.

Acorn AI is one of the largest AI companies exclusively dedicated to life sciences. It’s built on Medidata’s platform that includes the industry’s largest structured, standardized and growing clinical trial data repository consisting of 17,000+ trials and 4.5M patients. Our team is composed of over 40 PhD/Masters statisticians, data scientists, analytical product leads, former FDA biostatisticians and computational genomicists.

Your Mission:

AcornAI’s is looking for individuals who will help us tackle some of the most complex questions facing the industry today using our proprietary AcornAI platform and advanced analytics. In this role, you will research and develop statistical models. At AcornAI, we never work alone. This role will partner heavily with all of the key stakeholder functions including Product, Delivery, Engineering, partnerships and Biostatistics. Successful candidates will be skilled in analytical/quantitative thinking, structured communication and excited about building the next horizon of Medidata’s journey of powering smarter treatments and healthier people.
Solve some of the most complex problems in healthcare, translating complex data into meaningful insights
Design, develop and validate statistical models for novel medical applications. Areas of team focus include Clinical Trial analytics
Provide support functions around model-building, including data cleaning and code review
Ability to understand and peer review complex, multivariable statistical models and data analytics solutions using machine learning algorithms
Ability to work independently on complex and diverse issues and propose solutions
Bring to production developed methods and code for integration with existing/new products
Work directly with our team comprised of the brightest minds in technology, research and mathematics as well as senior interfaces from leading life sciences companies across the globe
Your Competencies:
Ability to translate business challenges into data pipelines & model framework, owning and driving successful projects
Strong verbal and written communication; collaborative focus
Fluency in statistical tools and programming languages that allow you to be self-sufficient in handling data (R, Python, SQL)
Ability to apply Machine Learning techniques (classification, regressions, feature selection etc.)
Your Education & Experience:
Bachelors or Masters in Math, Statistics, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering, Bioinformatics or another quantitative field with a strong foundation in statistical methodology
3-4+ years of experience with statistical analysis in a healthcare related field
Experience with large healthcare datasets, Machine Learning techniques (classification, regressions, feature selection etc.)
Experience using Git version control
Medidata is making a real difference in the lives of patients everywhere by accelerating critical drug and medical device development, enabling life-saving drugs and medical devices to get to market faster. Our products sit at the convergence of the Technology and Life Sciences industries, one of most exciting areas for global innovation. Nine of the top 10 best-selling drugs in 2017 were developed on the Medidata platform.

Medidata’s solutions have powered over 14,000 clinical trials giving us the largest collection of clinical trial data in the world. With this asset, we pioneer innovative, advanced applications and intelligent data analytics, bringing an unmatched level of quality and efficiency to clinical trials enabling treatments to reach waiting patients sooner.

Medidata Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Medidata Solutions provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the law. Medidata Solutions complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.

#LI-AS1
