Job Description

BITS, a CACI Company, offers very rewarding and unique benefits, which equates to 50% of compensation on TOP of your base salary! The first part is a tax-qualified profit-sharing retirement plan, to which BITS annually contributes up to 25% of your base salary (not in excess of applicable IRS limits) to your retirement account. The second component consists of BITS' Individual Benefit Account (IBA), which is used for premiums, medical reimbursements, dependent care, education and Paid Time Off (PTO) policy. Both components of the BITS benefit package are paid for by BITS, in addition to your base salary and potential performance bonuses. We believe in a healthy home/work balance and both of our locations offer a wide variety of activities to balance with your work life. Learn more at http://www.caci.com/bit-systems/

We are seeking Cleared or clearable Front-End, Back-End, Fullstack Developers & Data Scientist/Researchers to work in the Aurora, CO area. Candidates should be comfortable operating in all phases of the application lifecycle. Use of industry proven design patterns and open source tools is encouraged, along with a dedication to staying educated on current technology trends.

What Youll Get to Do:

Provide web design and development expertise in support of both new application development tasks and maintenance.

Be part of an agile team where communication skills and the ability to execute within the established development process are paramount to yours and the team's success.

Developers support the entire product lifecycle to include systems engineering and requirement analysis, technical design, system integration, implementation and deployment.

Youll Bring These Qualifications:

Clearance:

There is no clearance requirement to begin employment other than US Citizenship. As a requirement of continued employment you will be required to obtain TS/SCI w/Poly clearance.

Education:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related major

Experience:

1 to 10+ years of relevant experience

Required Skills:

Knowledge of current web technologies including: Javascript, HTML5, CSS and RESTful APIs.

Experience implementing using a modern Javascript library/framework (e.g. Angular, Bootstrap, SASS, Yarn, NPM, Node, Cesium, OpenLayers, etc.)

Familiarity with Agile software development methodologies

Strong organizational skills and attention to detail

Strong understanding of UI/UX best practices

These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:

Background in Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) and OGC WMS/WFS

Experience with WebGL

Experience writing automated functional and cross-browser test suites

What We Can Offer You:

For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

CACI Named a Top Workplace in Colorado by The Denver Post

Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.

We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.

We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.

This position description is not an active opening but is representative of positions within CACI that are consistently available. Individuals who apply may also be considered for other positions at CACI.

DACOHP/HJ

CSP-FADE-Software

TH-JOBS!

Job Location

US-Denver-CO-DENVER

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
