By clicking the Apply button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that I agree with Takedas Privacy Notice, Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

Job Description


Are you looking for a patient-focused, innovation-driven company that will inspire you and empower you to shine? Join us as an Associate Director, Platform and DevOps in our Cambridge, MA.

At Takeda, we are transforming the pharmaceutical industry through our R&D-driven market leadership and being a values-led company. To do this, we empower our people to realize their potential through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, we offer stimulating careers, encourage innovation, and strive for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our global teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Futureto people around the world.

Here, you will be a vital contributor to our inspiring, bold mission.

Takeda is looking for leader in Development Operations and Cloud Scale Analytics to join our Data Engineering and Artificial Intelligence team. As a member of the Data Engineering and AI team, you will be tasked with creating an ecosystem to have the right data, to ask the right question, at the right time. You will work with the rest of the team to enable Takeda to continue its journey to harnessing large scale Big Data, Machine Learning and Deep Learning techniques, while focusing and educating others in the specialty that is Large Scale DevOps. You will help manage a modern ecosystem using elastic and serverless components. You will be helping to solve some of the biggest question at Takeda and for healthcare in general.

POSITION OBJECTIVES:
Provide leadership and highly specialized expertise in the Data Engineering and AI portfolio, complicated data ecosystems, big data and high compute clusters and modern IAAS deployments with elastic and serverless implementations.
Oversee and drive the deployment of automated infrastructure and software deployments from development to production. Demonstrates innovative methods of cloud based IAAS deployments and modern scripting tools to quickly launch, shut down and re-launch platforms and applications using modern and innovative scripted techniques on in an agile accelerating approach and realizing business outcomes, while keeping alignment with the business vision. Also act as a coach for operational excellence to other teams inside and outside of R&D.
Provide leadership to proper operations management. This includes proper key management and controlled operations for continuous deployments. Ensure quality of service for highly complex deployments with source code control, automation, understanding of scripted service-based environments into IAAS ecosystems, with business continuity in mind.
Manage strategic global R&D systems configuration and deployment within Data Engineering and AI, providing proper discipline and rigor as we deploy new innovative solutions to produce insights that impact our R&D portfolio.
Lead and manage advanced service teams for the Data Engineering and AI portfolio focused on innovation within R&D and manage third party operations teams to function together to provide all the above.
POSITION ACCOUNTABILITIES:
Serve as the DevOps and Operations Lead during Implementation and Deployment of artifacts for Data Engineering products that drive decision for R&D.
Uses new techniques, operational experience and business experience to drive the IT and R&D landscape to develop and ensure products and developments are innovative, secure and use state of the art deployment techniques. Also influences end of life components and transitions vs future state progress against product portfolios and long-term goals.
Influence the existing complex landscape and solutions by innovating, redefining and simplifying designs, propose and execute solutions to identified highly complex R&D problems in data or process driven agile approaches.
Designs/builds/deploys complex system and products to R&D to deliver value to our pipeline while ensuring we have a forward-looking technology base, continuously managing short change cycles to drive to our future state strategy.
Lead deployments, ensuring security, integrity and alignment, applying modern/innovative deployment and security techniques, included proper key management, encryption and intrusion prevention / detection.
Build and accelerate new capabilities with the R&D IT functions to transform and innovate new insights and ways of working, impacting the management of keys and operations, the capabilities and the time to change towards improved business outcomes and client satisfaction.
Influence, provide feedback and oversee data scientist and data engineer outputs to find, propose and improve R&D solutions.
Ensure our advanced capabilities are in steady operation, using scripted infrastructure and deployment techniques. This will require utilizing and driving our existing third-party teams who currently manage our deployments maintain a proper production system.
Use coding and/or scripting tools to automate tasks for software and infrastructure deployment and monitoring.
Work independently on tough problems with other team members and independently solve, with some guidance, very difficult technology problems.
Demonstrate advanced tooling and techniques to other technical organizations throughout the company.
EDUCATION, BEHAVIORAL COMPETENCIES AND SKILLS:

Required
Bachelors degree or equivalent experience in Scientific, Informatics, Computer Science or related.
5+ years of experience as a technical specialist or relevant project work.
Experience managing outsourced operations teams as a virtual operations team.
Understanding of scripted deployment tools including Ansible, Cloud Formation, Puppet or Chef.
Working knowledge of both Hadoop and HPC environments.
Knowledge and Understanding of IAAS Environments with a focused-on AWS.
Experience managing advanced data platforms including NoSQL (MongoDB, Other), SQL (PostgreSQL, MySQL) and Spark environments.
Experience and Understanding with Docker and other container-based services.
Ability to work in an agile and rapid changing environment with high quality deliverables.
Preferred
Masters degree/PhD or equivalent experience in Scientific, Informatics, Computer Science or related field.
WHAT TAKEDA CAN OFFER YOU:
401(k) with company match and Annual Retirement Contribution Plan
Tuition reimbursement Company match of charitable contributions
Health & Wellness programs including onsite flu shots and health screenings
Generous time off for vacation and the option to purchase additional vacation days
Community Outreach Programs
Empowering Our People to Shine

Discover more at takedajobs.com

No Phone Calls or Recruiters Please.

#LI-JV1

Locations


Cambridge, MA

Worker Type


Employee

Worker Sub-Type


Regular

Time Type


Full time
