Data Scientist
ID

4317

Location


Menlo Park, CA

Practice/Center


Statistical and Data Sciences

Apply Now

Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm that brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve the most pressing and complicated challenges facing stakeholders today. Our vision is to engage the brightest scientists and engineers to empower clients with solutions for a safe, healthy, sustainable and technologically complex world. We leverage over 50 years of experience in analyzing accidents and failures to advise clients as they innovate their technologically complex products and processes, ensure the safety and health of their users, and address the challenges of sustainability.

We offer opportunities for you to expand your engineering or scientific knowledge amidst experts from top programs at over 500 universities. At Exponent, you will apply your experience, technical skills, and prior academic research to a fulfilling career in consulting. You will have the opportunity to develop continuously through formal and informal development programs, coaching and mentoring, and involvement in a wide array of projects. We are excited about your interest in joining our growing team!

Key statistics:
1100+ Team members
900+ Consultants
550+ Ph.D.’s
30+ Offices globally
We are currently seeking a Data Scientist for our Statistical & Data Sciences Practice in our Menlo Park, CA office. In this role, your primary work will revolve around helping Exponent’s team implement safeguards and software systems to enhance security and mitigate risk from both physical and cyber threats. Supported clients are expected to include commercial businesses in the Silicon Valley and beyond, Defense agencies, and other Federal agencies responsible for safeguarding National security assets and infrastructure.

You will be responsible for:
Providing expertise in machine learning, data analytics, and software development
Helping rapidly analyze, develop, and prototype algorithms for classification and anomaly detection, time series analysis, knowledge discovery, image processing, and network analysis
You will have the following skills and qualifications:
M.S. or Ph.D. in Statistics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a related engineering/scientific field (such as Applied Mathematics, Electrical Engineering, Applied Physics, Bioinformatics or Computational Biology)
Demonstrated experience and expertise in one or more of the following areas:
Bayesian statistics
Machine learning
Natural Language Processing
Proficiency with C#, C++, PocketPC, WinXP, Linux (RH 7+), and Visual Studio is preferred
Experience with Java, JDCB, SQL, web services, and OGC (WMS/WFS) is preferred
Experience developing software for a range of platforms (PCs, PDAs, embedded devices, etc.) is preferred
Experience with network routing, GPS (1PPS, SiRF), and/or device drivers is a plus
Training and coursework in cyber security is a plus
Strong practical engineering ability combined with leadership and project management skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and in multidisciplinary teams
Our contracts with the United States Government for this position require proof of U.S. citizenship and the possession of or ability to obtain a U.S. DoD Security Clearance
To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students!

We value and encourage diversity and inclusivity across all facets of our firm. Having a team built of people with different backgrounds, skills and perspectives allows us to provide better value to our clients and enjoy an enriched work environment.

Our firm is committed to offering a variety of programs and resources to support health and well-being. We believe that providing competitive benefits as well as compensation and recognition programs empowers our staff to do work that makes a difference.

Exponent is a proud equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other protected status.

If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, you may call us at +1 (650) 688-6968 or email hr@exponent.com.
