At AstraZeneca we are constantly pushing the boundaries of science to deliver life-changing medicines to patients, with a passion for discovery and a pipeline to show for it. Were pioneering innovative research and exploring novel pathways across key therapeutic areas including oncology, respiratory, inflammation and autoimmunity, cardiovascular and metabolic disease, and infection and vaccines. And were industry-leading in immunology, protein engineering and translational science. We offer a unique and strong collaborative network as together we explore synergies between small and large molecules.

AstraZeneca has a dynamic environment that fosters collaboration and innovation. We attract top minds, and we nurture and build top talent.

Those who join AstraZeneca feel a sense of ownership about their future. They thrive with a recognized leader in the industry. AstraZeneca is an agile, fast-moving and emerging industry leader in oncology. We are a nimble organization that values smart risk-takers.

With AstraZeneca, you will be applying a creative approach to science while being at the forefront of a strong and rich pipeline of cutting-edge medicines. Here, you will join passionate professionals who advance science, technology and medicine to develop products designed to help people live better lives. You will excel in an environment characterized by respect, integrity and growth opportunities.

Our Oncology Pipeline

Our robust pipeline includes investigational therapies in varied stages of clinical development, from recently approved products to earlier-stage molecules in clinical trials. We aspire to transform the lives of cancer patients, working to eliminate cancer as a cause of death in the future.

Principal Data Scientist, Oncology

The Machine Learning and AI team in AstraZenecas Oncology Data Science group is where we develop and apply sophisticated algorithms and techniques to solve the hardest problems in oncology drug discovery and development. The team uses their scientific, quantitative, and problem-solving skills to work on a broad range of challenges across the whole oncology portfolio, working collaboratively with other scientists across a range of disciplines to scope, define, and deliver projects that both advance the state of the art in data science and accelerate the delivery of innovative medicines to patients.

NOTE: This position can be filled in either GAITHERSBURG MARYLAND OR WALTHAM, MASSACHUSETTS

As a Principal Data Scientist, you will play a key role on the front line in this rapidly growing team working to extract insight from complex biomedical data. You will develop your leadership skills and apply and develop your expertise in rigorous quantitative data science to provide solutions to a variety of data science problems, researching, recommending and delivering novel methodologies to solve the problems that matter to the oncology pipeline.

Examples of projects the team works on include developing machine learning models for digital biomarkers, patient risk stratification for clinical trials, new algorithms for survival analysis, approaches to quantitatively analyse wearable data, linking of medical imaging data with omics and longitudinal outcomes to identify and/or validate new drug targets, and much more!

Typical Accountabilities

For our Principal Data Scientist you will additionally be accountable for:
Developing novel data science and machine learning solutions where off-the-shelf methodologies do not fit.
Leading small (2-3 person) data science projects of defined scope.
Coaching/mentoring junior data scientists and others to drive the development of data science as an AZ capability.
Education, Qualifications, Skills and Experience

Essential for our Principal Data Scientist
MSc degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering)
Extensive hands-on experience applying data science tools in practice.
Practical software development skills in standard data science tools (such as R or python)
Extensive knowledge of mathematical modelling and statistical modelling techniques and drive to continue to learn and develop these skills
Outstanding communication, business analysis and consultancy
Desirable
PhD degree in rigorous quantitative science (such as mathematics, computer science, engineering).
Experience within the pharmaceutical industry.
In-depth experience of working in a global organization with complex/geographical context
