Who we are:

REGENXBIO is an exceptional place to work. You'll have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best and the brightest people, touch amazing science, and be a part of extraordinary plans. Our core values: Trust, Accountability, Perseverance, and Innovation drive everything we do. We aim to bring these values to life every day with all that we do, and we believe that what we do matters - to patients, to their families, and to their communities.

The opportunity:

The Senior Scientist is an expert in the science and therapeutic applications of gene transfer for muscular disorders. The role requires practical knowledge of AAV vectors and their use in animal models. She/he is responsible for collaborating with internal and external scientist to:
Explore candidate gene therapy strategies using AAV vectors in animal models of human muscular disorders
Obtain proof of concept to inform decision on clinical development of candidates
Gain deep understanding of AAV vector capabilities for translational investigation
What you’ll be doing:
Lead, and manage internal research projects and collaborations with external organizations (academic groups, cooperate partners, CROs) to:
Evaluate and advance appropriate candidates for clinical development
Develop assays/methods to evaluate vector performance
Develop new vectors with improved in vivo capabilities
Understand and control immune responses interfering with therapeutic gene transfer
Defines complex problems, develops approaches and experiments with sound judgment.
Synthesizes multiple data sources and draws general, non-obvious conclusions.
Serves as an in-house consultant in area of expertise.
Effectively plans, coordinates, and executes activities with other research department members.
Stays current with recent research literature in gene therapy and relevant disease fields.
Works effectively with others in research and early development to build state of the art capabilities for in vivo analysis of AAV vectors.
Supervises scientists/associate scientists, provides training as needed, and ensures adherence to company policies and quality requirements.
Manages laboratory through ordering supplies and equipment maintenance.
Presents data at internal meetings, scientific conferences and to external collaborators.
Assists R&D management with implementing organizational processes, budgetary, and capital equipment requirements.
Identifies needs for additional resources and participates in the implementation of change when required.
Performs additional tasks or assist with special projects as assigned or needed.
What we’re looking for:

We set our employees up for success. To be successful in this role and help us achieve our goals, we are looking for someone with the following skills and qualifications:
PhD with 5+ years’ experience and a strong foundational background in muscle biology and diseases of skeletal and/or cardiac muscle.
Strong publication track record.
Drive for evaluating gene therapy concepts in animal models with the goal translating these projects to clinical development.
Prior AAV and or industry experience is a plus.
Detailed oriented, with good documentation, organizational and prioritization skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills for effectively interfacing with internal and external organizations.
Excellent team player with good interpersonal skills.
Extensive hands-on laboratory skill set with experience in animal models of muscular disorders.
Prior experience using AAV or other gene delivery vectors in muscular disorders is a plus.
Good computer skills and working knowledge of data analysis software, MS word, Excel, Power Point.
Why should you apply?

By joining REGENXBIO, you will have the opportunity to be a part of a growing company, with an incredible team, who is passionate about developing novel AAV gene therapies for patients in need.

We offer a comprehensive and competitive benefit& compensation package which includes market-competitive salaries, an annual bonus program, education assistance, retirement plan with employer match, stock options at all levels, summer hours and more!

In addition, professional development is important to us. By joining our team, you’ll have the opportunity to be exposed to challenging projects and have access to development resources to help you grow personally and professionally.
