Q2 Solutions is a leading clinical trial laboratory services organization with end-to-end laboratory services and secure, enterprise-wide biospecimen and consent management solutions. With a relentless focus on quality and innovation, Q2 Solutions uses its global experience and scientific expertise to transform science and data into actionable medical insights that help customers improve human health. A joint venture of IQVIA (formerly QuintilesIMS) and Quest Diagnostics, Q2 Solutions combines the best of each parent organization’s clinical trials laboratory services capabilities to fulfill its mission of treating each sample as if a life depends on it.

We are always looking for new talent to join Q2 Solutions. To be considered for a future Clinical Laboratory Scientist position submit your resume. If your qualifications, experience, and skill sets align with the position requirements, one of our recruiters will connect with you. We accept generalist and limited California CLS licenses.

ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Demonstrates proficiency in Flow Cytometry, Chemistry, Hematology, OR Microbiology using various instruments: Also experience with; instrument set-up, instrument calibration and instrument troubleshooting.
Performs testing in those technical areas for which they are appropriately licensed and trained. Troubleshoots instrument and method problems. Determines need for repeat testing. Verifies computer entries before release.
Approves results before release.
Reports shift problems to lead tech, senior tech, or department supervisor.
Solves routine and most non-routine problems.
Exhibits ability to meet high performance standards and productivity requirements.
Performs method and instrument validation as assigned.
Assists with departmental record keeping and documentation requirements.
Demonstrates proficiency in computer skills such as excel/word processing, statistical analysis, and laboratory information system.
Assist in maintenance and troubleshooting of all test methods and analytical equipment.
Commitment to Customer Satisfaction and Quality processes .
MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Bachelor’s degree and 0-6 months relevant experience or equivalent combination of education, training and experience.
Current California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license or equivalent (limited licenses will be considered by department; all licenses must be valid in the state of California).
EEO Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!
