About CenturyLink

CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the worlds best networking company by solving customers increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business.
Job Summary
As a Director Data Science and Analytics, you are a leader of the organization, the opportunities are matched by equal challenges to educate, guide and provide support through the digital transformation of CenturyLink. Your mission is to lead the organization transforming data into valuable business information and building statistical and machine learning models that automate analytical decisions.
Job Description
Identifies the project’s stakeholders and figures out what they need.
Manages dependencies and identifies roadblocks to delivery.
Manage simultaneous projects of varying complexities.
Manage requests and helps establish priorities.
Develop and maintain metrics, set goals and justify both current and future resources and direction with executive management.
Communicate well, effectively hold other departments accountable and maintain good relationships.
Work closely with your Science colleagues in engineering, user research, and analytics to deliver cross-functional research work and data systems.
Leverage analytical methodologies to develop business and functional requirements, schedules, and programmatic materials in support of data science products, projects, or initiatives.
Participate in data intake, extraction, and ingestion processes to align priorities and define clear requirements based upon business value.
Assist in defining best practices, optimal processes and effective communication protocols.
Understand and evangelize data driven practices necessary to innovate and generate new business questions.
Partner with the executive team on how to apply your team’s research to our most challenging strategic questions.
Qualifications
Required
Demonstrated team building and leadership skills and being able to bring people together, hire, develop and motivate staff members.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills on quantitative topics for a variety of audiences: product managers, designers, engineers, and business leaders.
Fluent in data fundamentals: SQL, data manipulation using a procedural language, statistics, experimentation, and modeling.
Familiarity with the integration of data into operational processes through the use of RESTful API's and software applications.
Excellent presentation skills; ability to distill and present actionable information from complex research or analysis.
Strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.
10+ year’s experience managing projects of all sizes and complexities.
5+ year’s experience architecting analytics solutions.
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or another related field.
Preferred
Successfully managed remote direct reports and worked with distributed teams.
5+ year’s of experience working with and leading quantitative/technical projects and professionals.
5+ year’s of demonstrated experience managing high-performing engineering teams.
Managed a team during a company's growth phase or through a major change.
15+ years of overall experience.
Master's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or another related field.
Education
Bachelors or Equivalent
Masters or Equivalent

Alternate Location: US-Arizona-Phoenix; US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-Colorado-Littleton; US-Florida-Apopka; US-Louisiana-Monroe; US-Texas-Frisco

Requisition #: 218164

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
