Rubius Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a new class of medicines called Red Cell Therapeutics™. Our proprietary RED PLATFORM® was designed to genetically engineer and culture Red Cell Therapeutics™ that are selective, potent and off-the-shelf allogeneic cellular therapies for the potential treatment of several diseases across multiple therapeutic areas. Our therapies can potentially be used to kill tumors in cancer and to regulate the immune system for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. Our IND for RTX-240, our first oncology candidate for the treatment of solid tumors, has been cleared by the FDA. Additionally, we plan to file an IND for RTX-321 for the treatment of HPV-positive tumors by year-end.
We are proud of our passionate, high-performance culture – one based on a set of values that are the cornerstone of who we are and how we hold ourselves accountable. Founded in 2013, we are based in Cambridge, MA and currently expanding across all functions within the organization. Red blood cells are no longer just for carrying oxygen. Check us out at www.rubiustx.com, or follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn or like us on Facebook.

Summary
The Analytical Development group supports method development, characterization and quality attribute assessment of lentiviral vector and cellular therapy product. We are looking for a Senoir Research Associate/Associate Scientist to join our team to support these efforts. The ideal candidate must be independent, goal oriented, and able to efficiently work across multiple projects. We are seeking enthusiastic, innovative and highly motivated individuals with scientific background in analytical characterization of cell and gene therapy products and/or protein therapeutics.
Responsibilities
Perform and coordinate analytical testing in support of process development, cGMP investigations and product characterization.
Independently execute development of multiple analytical methods for characterizing vector and cell therapy products- ELISAs, qPCR, cell-based potency assay and flow cytometry
Support the development of new methods by identifying, evaluating and executing analytical methods to support ongoing analytical needs.
Designs and executes experiments to characterize RCT drug product for protein expression, cell metabolism and lipid structure and function
Identifies critical product quality attributes in RCT drug product through forced degradation and structure-function related studies.
Characterize process and product related impurities in cell product and viral vector in collaboration with process development teams
Evaluate new technologies to assess biophysical and biochemical properties of RCTs.
Participate in the support of analytical activities at CMOs and CTOs related to analytics including method qualification, data trending, troubleshooting, optimization, review and reporting.
Reviews, interprets and communicates data cross-functionally within CMC and/or project teams.
Author reports and source documentation to support regulatory filings.
Qualifications & Education
Ph.D. + 0 - 2 years in bioengineering, chemical engineering, biology, biochemistry or related field with prior stem cell differentiation experience expected
Previous experience with flow cytometry expected and understanding of protein expression changes during differentiation
Prior exposure to bioreactors, process control strategies, etc. are a plus
Previous experience with statistically designed experiments and multivariate data analysis desirable
Understanding of cellular metabolism and physiology desirable
Travel requirements are expected to be
EEO Statement: Rubius Therapeutics is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
Recruitment & staffing agencies: Rubius Therapeutics does not accept agency resumes unless contacted directly by internal Rubius Talent Acquisition. Please do not forward resumes to our careers@rubiustx.com account, Rubius employees or any other company location; Rubius Therapeutics is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
