Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Responsible for performing highly complex activities related to business analysis and credit models. Responsible for senior level consulting partnerships including delivery of Model Development Documents, Performance Monitoring Programs, Performance Reviews and other documents required by enterprise Model Risk Management Policy. Third Party Vendors operate many models on behalf of WFMS which are used in the credit underwriting and credit and fraud detection monitoring process for all of WFMS merchant customers.

Duties typically include providing insights, developing analytical strategies, performing analytical support and/or modeling regarding a wide array of business initiatives. This job requires application of analytical, statistical modeling, stochastic and/or forecasting methods. Designs and leads some of the most complex projects/ analyses, generally spanning multiple products/business segments/functional areas/data sources and may involve extremely complex analytical application of industry-leading experimental techniques or exploratory data analytics. Typically focus on the theory and/or advanced mathematics behind the analyses. Applies knowledge of business, customers, and/or products/services/portfolios to synthesize data to 'form a story' and align information to contrast/compare to industry perspective. Data involved typically very large, structured or unstructured, and from multiple sources. To a certain degree, may be involved directly in the technical build-out and/or support of databases, query tools, reporting tools, BI tools, dashboards, etc that enable analysis, modeling, and/or advanced data visualization. Includes working with model owners, managers, first and second line of defense during model validation and review activities. Leads project/virtual teams & mentors lower level staff.

Required Qualifications
8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Other Desired Qualifications
Strong knowledge of and familiarity with Wells Fargo enterprise Model Governance Programs and Policies.
History of working with Credit Models
History of working with Third Party Vendors and their models that are used by Wells Fargo as part of the credit underwriting and monitoring process.
Knowledge and understanding of consumer or commercial lending practices
Knowledge and familiarity with the financial services Model Risk Management policies, framework and requirements.
Solid understanding of data platforms, data architecture, and database design with emphasis on Oracle databases, SQL Server, and SQL databases
Good analytical skills including strategically analyzing data, diagnosing opportunities, and providing interventions
Ability to analyze metrics and articulate data trends both visually and verbally
Ability to perform statistical and performance analytics, and/or work with Third Party Vendors that perform that activity.
Knowledge and understanding of databases and data mining techniques
Hands-on experience working with large and complex data
Experience defining and documenting Business and Technical Requirements
Expertise in data profiling and research and projects
Ability to take initiative and work independently with minimal supervision in a structured environment
Ability to work and influence successfully within a matrix environment and build effective business partnerships with all levels of team members
Ability to communicate trends and impacts to mid-senior level management
Ability to lead during times of ambiguity and change
Ability to consult, build, and maintain solid working relationships in and outside of immediate department
Excellent work ethic, desire to see assignments through to completion
Street Address

CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA
IA-Des Moines: 6200 Park Ave - Des Moines, IA
CA-Irvine: 2030 Main St - Irvine, CA
NC-Charlotte: 401 S Tryon St - Charlotte, NC

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
