Who we are:

REGENXBIO is an exceptional place to work. You'll have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best and the brightest people, touch amazing science, and be a part of extraordinary plans. Our core values: Trust, Accountability, Perseverance, and Innovation drive everything we do. We aim to bring these values to life every day with all that we do, and we believe that what we do matters - to patients, to their families, and to their communities.

The opportunity:

REGENXBIO is searching for a highly motivated research scientist to support proof of concept studies towards developing AAV-based gene therapies for neurological diseases. The role requires practical experience with transgenic animal models, cell culture and knowledge of AAV vectors. Extensive hands-on experience in tissue processing, PCR, immunohistochemistry and microscopy is required. Work experience using viral vectors such as AAV, adenovirus or lentivirus inin vivo/ in vitro models is desired. Good communication and documentation skills are essential.

What you’ll be doing:
Collaborate with the Research and Early Development teams to conduct proof of concept studies and support vector engineering discovery studies
Assessin vivo distribution of AAV vectors requiring tissue dissection, immunohistochemistry, and/or real-time/qPCR
Perform behavioral assays and quantitative analysis to assess therapeutic efficacy of AAV treatment in rodent models of neurological disease
Assist in lab management tasks, such as material inventory, ordering, and equipment maintenance.
Maintain impeccable records including accurate lab notebooks and computer-generated data files, quantitative analysis of data, generating and adhering to laboratory protocols, and writing summary reports.
Present data at internal meetings, scientific conferences, and to external collaborators.
What we’re looking for:

We set our employees up for success. To be successful in this role and help us achieve our goals, we are looking for someone with the following skills and qualifications:
BS with 8+ or Master’s with 6+ years of experience. Ph.D. with 0-3 years of post-PhD experience in neuroscience or related field
Experience with animal models and molecular biology is required
Specific hands-on skills and familiarity with tissue processing, immunohistochemistry, qPCR analysis, microscopy and image analysis
Experience with in vitro cell culture is desirable
Knowledge of stereotaxic surgery and intracranial injection is desirable.
Excellent team player with good interpersonal skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills for effectively interfacing with internal and external organizations
Detail oriented, organized, technically competent and be able to perform hands on work in the laboratory.
Why should you apply?

By joining REGENXBIO, you will have the opportunity to be a part of a growing company, with an incredible team, who is passionate about developing novel AAV gene therapies for patients in need.

We offer a comprehensive and competitive benefit& compensation package which includes market-competitive salaries, an annual bonus program, education assistance, retirement plan with employer match, stock options at all levels, summer hours and more!

In addition, professional development is important to us. By joining our team, you’ll have the opportunity to be exposed to challenging projects and have access to development resources to help you grow personally and professionally.
