CompuGain is an Information Technology and Business Consulting firm providing project-based solutions, software solutions and professional staffing services. Position Sr Data Scientist Location Woodlawn, MD Length through Sept 28, 2020 with possible extension Position Description Looking for a Data Scientists to assist with new work within a data science division. Our candidates truly need a hybrid skill set to successfully contribute in data science projects. In addition to data analysis, we need people that also have strong IT technical skills, predictive modelling skills, specialized modelling and research methods backgrounds and given our frequent work on client business processes, optimization and simulation skills. Duties and Responsibilities Experience translating high-level project requirements into technical tasks. Data manipulation and data engineering experience involving structured and unstructured data. Data manipulation expertise involving data extractions, data matching between multiple systems, transformations, cleansing, and loading. Experience with big data and cloud platforms and toolset. Ability to engineer and create complex research datasets by manipulating typically large volume transactional data for use by operations research analysts, economists and statisticians in advanced analytical research and studies. Experience in developing predictive, prescriptive, optimization, and forecasting models, including the use of contemporary techniques such as support vector machines, neural networks, and gradient boosting. Experience in interpreting results from statistical and mathematical models. Experience in advance data visualizations and interpretation. Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree and 7 years of experience OR Master's degree and 3 years of experience Experience in R, Python, or SAS (preference) for complex data manipulation, statistical analysis, and machine learning. Experience with Forecasting, Time Series Analysis, statistical modeling, etc. SQL (preferable in distributed environment, e.g. Greenplum, Apache Hawq). Experience with data visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Bokeh, D3) or elastic stack (Kibana). Experience with modern machine learning libraries, including Keras, TensorFlow, PyTorch, MXNet, or MADlib. Experience using peer-collaboration tools, e.g., Confluence. Experience using GIT or other version control systems. Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience a plus Thanks Regards Preetham Anaparthi Talent Acquisition Specialist CompuGain 12901 Worldgate Drive, Suite 510, Herndon, Virginia 20170 703.552.8935 direct 703.956.7073 fax preetham.anaparthicompugain.com
