Location: Anywhere in the US or Canada | Location Preferences - New York, New Jersey, Toronto, Los Angeles, Bay Area, Phoenix, Denver, Chicago or Dallas | Travel Amount 30 - 50%

TA Digital is a digital transformation agency with 30-40% growth year-over-year focused on hiring leaders within the digital marketing space to support growth and build a scalable foundation for the future. Our vision is to provide innovative digital solutions and services by continuing to expand our leadership team and hiring superstars who may feel lost or marginalized within their current organizations.

If you feel:
there are too many layers between you and decision makers
that your current organization will not make the right decision even after you identify problems and recommend viable solutions
you are ready for a bigger voice, larger platform or place for a stronger impact
…then you should consider TA Digital because we are ready to talk to you!

Responsibilities:
Create/ Implement Statistical Models, Neural Network Based Models for Supervised, Unsupervised Machine Learning. (Prediction, Classification, Clustering)
Development of Object-oriented programming knowledge, such as Java, Scala, R, Python
Deploy AI models into production
Build solutions such as computer vision, NLP, time series forecasting, general prediction models
Analyze data and visualize data, providing business insights. Work with SMEs to understand the business data models
Requirements
Experience in design and implementation of Machine Learning/AI/Deep Learning solutions.
At least 5 years of working experience managing data science project life cycle and actively involved in all the phases of project life cycle including data ingestion, data engineering, features engineering, statistical modelling (decision trees, regression models, neural networks, SVM, clustering,..)
Developing models in Machine learning with NLP, Neural Networks, Recommendation engines, Reinforcement Learning,
Exposure to AI and analytics platforms, such as Azure ML Studio, Google AI Engine, etc.
Work experience on structured/unstructured data, SQL and NoSQL big data storage solutions, cloud computing, REST API, and cloud microservices
Experience in building solutions such as computer vision, NLP, time series forecasting, general prediction models
Analyse large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets with a variety of open source tools
Implement Anomaly Detection and Optimization Techniques
Benefits

Compensation:

Base Salary, Bonus, Benefits: Global Health, Dental, Vision, AD&D Insurance, Vacation / PTO / Holiday pay plus matching 401K, Tuition & Travel Expense Reimbursement as needed

About us:

TA Digital is the only global boutique digital transformation agency that helps organizations realize immediate and long-lasting value through exceptional user experience and data-driven methodology. For nearly two decades, we’ve helped clients overcome the lack of scale and resource diversity of small regional agencies and the quantity-not-quality approach of large system integrators. For 20 years, we have been known as a global leader that helps marketing and technology executives understand the digital ecosystem, identify operational gaps within their organization and finally ushering them into a more mature and profitable digital landscape.

TA Digital has high-level strategic partnerships with digital experience platform companies like Adobe, SAP and Salesforce. TA Digital also has global partnerships with industry leaders like Sitecore, Episerver, Elastic Path, BigCommerce, AWS, Azure and Coveo. The company was also recognized in 2013, 2014, 2015, and 2019 by Inc.com 5000 list as one of the most successful technology companies in the United States.

TA Digital has offices in US, Canada, UK and India. For more information, visit: www.tadigital.com

EOE & OFCCP Compliant regardless of: Minority / Female / Veteran / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity / National Origin
