Data Scientist (Artificial Intelligence - A.I.)

Bethesda, Maryland

Benefits Offered: Vision, Medical, Dental, 401K
Employment Offered: Full Time

Job Description:

Looking for a Data Scientist to help develop an acquisition system that takes full advantage of Artificial Intelligence to enhance its capabilities. The program goal is to Enhance and Streamline the end to end process by utilizing new and emerging technologies such As Block-chain, Artificial intelligence (AI) and Robotic Process Automation.

Numerous Roles available in:


A.I. Model creation and ability to write APIs access be reporting and front end. Ability to assist and develop development models in code and Mongo database

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree
1-3 years Total experience
1 years Exp. in expertise
About Swain Techs:
Make a difference with Swain Techs. As you consider a career at Swain Techs, you will find countless opportunities to contribute to solutions that are changing the world in real and measurable ways in our technical, engineering, and enterprise IT core business areas.

Why Swain Techs?

Swain Techs is an award winning 8(a) certified small business with over a decade of exceptional performance.

Headquartered in Horsham, PA with offices in Washington, DC., Virginia, and Delaware, Swain Techs has been awarded several prime contracts with U.S. Navy, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), the Department of Commerce-US Patent and Trade Office (USPTO) and the U.S. Customs and Border Patrol (CBP). We are among the fastest 5000 growing companies in the US for 2014 and 2015 according to Inc. Magazine. We are CMMi ML3 appraised for Development & Services plus Service System Development and ISO 9001:2015 certified.

We know that our continued success begins with you. Swain Techs is always looking for bright, energetic, entrepreneurial-driven people to join our team. If you are looking for an exciting environment, where your opinion is highly valued, and you are fanatical about customer service, we would love to talk with you.

Come and discover what makes Swain Techs a great place to work.

Visit our website http://swain
