Forma Therapeutics is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of transformative medicines that will make a difference for patients with rare hematologic diseases and cancers. A fully integrated biopharmaceutical company, Forma's validated, proprietary R&D engine combines deep biology insight, chemistry expertise and clinical development capabilities to create differentiated drug candidates with best-in-class or first-in-class potential. We believe our work has the potential to provide profound patient benefit, and we are looking for smart, driven and caring people to join our team.

We have an exciting opportunity for a talented analytical development scientist to be a key contributor to our Analytical Sciences department. If you want to be part of a dynamic CMC drug development organization that is dedicated to boldly advancing transformative new medicines,
you are encouraged to apply.

About the Role:
Take responsibility of all analytical activities and provide leadership for assigned drug development programs.
Lead and manage analytical development activities at CMOs and CROs for clinical candidates in our pipeline.
Solve technical challenges in developing and validating analytical methods (HPLC, GC, solid state characterization, dissolution and compendial) using sound scientific principles and prior experience to move project deliverables along.
Serve as Analytical Sciences project representative on cross-functional drug development teams.
Devise phase-appropriate quality control strategies, specifications and stability studies for drug substance and drug product.
Author and review test methods, validation and stability protocols and technical reports.
Lead investigations at external sites related to OOS, deviations, and unexpected analytical results.
Author analytical sections of regulatory filings.
Effectively communicate data and recommendations with project team members and senior
management.
About You:
Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry or related discipline with 5+ years of pharmaceutical industry experience or M.S. with 8+ years of experience.
Strong knowledge of pharmaceutical analytical development for drug substance and drug product.
Strong understanding of GMP requirements and regulations for clinical and commercial CMC drug development.
Proven track record in phase-appropriate analytical method development and validation for drug substance and drug product.
Experience in setting GMP specifications, control strategies, and stability studies for drug substance and drug product.
Experience in authoring M3 analytical sections of regulatory filings (IND/IMPD and NDA/CTA).
Prior experience with leading analytical activities in cross-functional R&D project teams.
Experience in managing analytical development activities at CROs and CMOs.
Ability to manage multiple priorities in fast-paced drug development teams.
Good written and verbal communication skills.
About Us:

Headquartered in Watertown, MA, we have all the perks you can find in Cambridge (walkable to
lunch, shopping, etc.) and more perks that you can’t (ample free parking!) Our diverse portfolio and our commitment to patients sets us apart. Our patients are our true north; our pipeline is our road map. Everyone at Forma is a part of the journey. #formafuturewithforma
