Overview


Do you love numbers and finding the story in the numbers? Does the thought of tackling a complex data issue make you smile? Have you got a knack for solving problems? Do you want to help drive the results of a multi-million dollar business? If you have answered "yes" to these questions, the Data Scientist position at Strategic Financial Solutions may be the right fit for you.

Strategic is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with statistical and machine learning experience to join our Data Science Team, which produces models for prescriptive and predictive analytics. The person in this role would be responsible for conducting data analysis and developing predictive models by leveraging data science and machine learning to solve various business use cases, including marketing intelligence, customer segmentation, and predictive models for operations.

This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to learn all aspects of business as he/she will support our product, sales, leadership and marketing teams with insights gained from analyzing company and external data.

Candidates must have strong experience in a variety of data manipulation tools, data analysis/ mining methods to build and implement models and should be able to develop algorithms and simulation methods. A successful candidate will have the proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights.

Responsibilities
Research and develop statistical and machine learning methodologies to solve complicated business problems
Work with stakeholders to identify opportunities by leveraging large data sets to drive business decisions. Collaborate with sales, marketing and senior executive teams for model development
Strong communication skills and ability to clearly present ideas and technical findings to key decision makers
Qualifications
Knowledge of statistical and machine learning techniques in regressions and classifications such as generalized linear models, classification trees, Random Forest, XGBoost, SVMs etc. Industry experience in such areas a definite plus.
Knowledge of stochastic process in terms of transaction matrix and equilibrium distribution, etc.
Experience in R, Python, and SQL, etc. and in variable selection and dimension reduction skills such as LASSO and PCA
Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on financial risk management in sales and marketing predictive analytics
Unsupervised learning experience such as k-means, hierarchical clustering, Bayesian network etc.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams
Graduate degree in Statistics, Data Science, Applied Math, Operations Research, Computer Science or other areas in STEM. Exceptional candidates with undergraduate degree will be also be seriously considered.
About Strategic:

Strategic Financial Solutions is a leading consumer finance company that specializes in helping people that have too much credit card debt. We were recently named the 21st Best Company to Work for in New York by Best Companies to Work For and have been certified as a Great Place to Work 4 times. Additional honors include being named, two times, as one of the 50 fastest growing companies in New York City and to the prestigious Inc. 500 list as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in the United States.

Please mark @talent.icims.com as a safe sender to ensure recruiter emails don't go to spam
