Role Summary

The qualified candidate will join the Bio Therapeutics Pharmaceutical Sciences, Analytical R&D organization to enable development of clinical bio-tech drug candidates.The successful candidate will help enable the departments data strategy and will find opportunities for process optimization based on data mining, data analysis, automation, and machine leaning methods. The data scientist will be responsible for the development of models and algorithms as part of a broader Digital Platform. They will help scientists (chemist, biologists, biochemist, engineers, etc.) to codify their knowledge and discover new insights using advanced analytic and information management tools.

Responsibilities include:
Development & use of predictive modeling
Using existing data, applying various data science techniques and software packages, machine learning frameworks, and data visualization tools/techniques
Providing information architecture oversight and advice
Analyzing and assessing data to ensure high level of quality and correctness of downstream processes
Building frameworks to collect and then analyze data (structured and unstructured data)
Understanding and translating stakeholder’s business needs into analytical project design and data-driven insights (developing user requirements).
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or similar technical degree/training
4+ years of work experience using relevant computer languages (ie Python, R, SQL, Java) and/or Data Visualization tools (ie Spotfire, Tableau, etc.)
Excellent written and oral communication skills, attention to detail and accuracy, and interpersonal skills
Preferred Qualifications
Master of Science (MS) in Data and/or Computer science, or equivalent training, with 2+ years or work experience using statistical computer languages (ie Python, R, SQL, Java) and Data Visualization tools (ie sportfire, tableau, etc.)
Experience as a laboratory scientist
Experience in a biotech environment
Experience in a regulated (ie cGMP) environment
Experience working with end user application scientists
Other Job Details:
Last Date to Apply for Job: May 27, 2020
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
Eligible for Relocation
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act

Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.
EEO & Employment Eligibility

Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.
Research and Development
