Wish is a mobile e-commerce platform with global reach. Our mission is to give everyone access to the most affordable, convenient, and effective shopping mall in the world. Through the Wish platform, we are creating a relevant, entertaining, and personalized shopping experience for each individual consumer.

We are looking for a Data Scientist who will work cross-functionally with technical and non-technical teams to build models and dashboards to monitor transactions and ensure compliance.

The ideal candidate should be passionate about Wish and e-commerce, has a strong analytical and consultative mindset, deep understanding of databases, visualization, and modeling techniques, and the ability to thrive in a dynamic, fast-paced environment delivering against tight deadlines, and a passion for scaling transaction monitoring through automation.

#LI-BD1
What you will do:
Develop dashboards for transaction monitoring
Create recurring data reports and maintain the integrity of the reports
Design, development and evaluation of highly innovative models for transaction monitoring
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large scale data analyses, model development, model validation and model implementation
Work closely with software engineering teams to drive real-time model implementations and new feature creations
Help stakeholders and end-users to best leverage the monitoring system
Develop solutions to optimize transaction monitoring operations
Who you are:
Bachelor's or advanced degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or similar)
3+ years of hands-on experience in predictive modeling and analysis
2+ years Python, R, or Matlab experience
2+ years work experience including business analytics and project management
2+ years experience writing complex SQL queries in a business environment
2+ years experience with Tableau, OBIEE or other visualization tools
2+ years experience operating in a Unix/Linux environment
Nice to have:
Experience in e-commerce, on-line, or payments companies in transaction monitoring functions, especially anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing (AML/CTF) transaction monitoring
Analytical mindset and ability to see the big picture and influence others
Detail-oriented and must have an aptitude for solving unstructured problems
Ability to work effectively in a multi-task, high volume environment
Ability to be adaptable and flexible in responding to deadlines and workflow fluctuations
Hands-on risk and fraud experience strongly preferred
Wish values diversity and is committed to creating an inclusive work environment. We provide equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. We do not discriminate based on any legally-protected class or characteristic. Employment decisions are made based on qualifications, merit, and business needs. If you need assistance or accommodation due to a disability, please let your recruiter know. For job positions in San Francisco, CA, and other locations where required, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.


Individuals applying for positions at Wish, including California residents, can see our privacy policy here.
