We are Instnt, a Public Benefit Corporation headquartered in NYC, and a one-of-a-kind collaborative effort between industry thought leaders, technology vendors, and public and private sector dedicated to solving all sides of the customer on-boarding problem. We are building a community to redefine the business models, fraud acceptance, and technology approaches with healthier alternatives. We take great pride in helping businesses sign-up more good customers. We aim to deliver frictionless and fraudless experiences that drive top-line revenue growth and reduce bottom-line costs for businesses.

We value creative teamwork, empathy and a "hell yeah, let's do this" approach. Come as you are and bring your magic!

Instnt is seeking a Data Scientist to join our team of innovators and engineers. This role reports directly to the Co-Founder & Chief Product Officer and works closely with Engineering. The Data Scientist will be responsible for manipulating and analyzing complex, high-dimensionality data to generate features to build models which they'll operationalize for use in our real-time Fraud Engine. The ideal candidate has extensive experience solving analytical problems and has a passion for answering complex questions using data.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop and employ AI algorithms that can find (predictive) patterns in large multi-model data.
Design, build, train and test machine learning models.
Collaborate to generate novel features and build models that can be used in Instnt's proprietary real-time Fraud Engine.
Partner with other Data Scientists to prioritize adding new features and functionality to our data pipeline to give us new capabilities and insights.
Utilize Python, Hadoop, Pig, Spark, Luigi and other open-source big data components to find answers to analytical problems.
Document new features, models, the Data Science pipeline and any other relevant information needed for internal alignment and regulatory compliance.
Use data to fuel automation and decisions within Instnt.
Collaborate with other Instnt departments, including Engineering, Sales, and Marketing, to ensure Data Science and Product goals are aligned to the business.
Technical Skills Required:
Significant experience applying statistics, probability, and machine learning to real business problems
Practical knowledge of building end-to-end ML workflows
Fluent with SQL / relational algebra
Fluent with Python, R, or Julia
Familiarity with major ML libraries such as numpy, scikit-learn, tensorflow and keras
Experience with data mining, machine learning, statistical modeling tools and underlying algorithms
Utilized tools including but not limited to, Hadoop and Spark
The Ideal Candidate will possess:
A minimum of 4 years of industry experience working in a similar role with a comparable level of seniority and responsibility.
Bachelor's Degree in CS, Mathematics, Statistics or similar field of study or equivalent work experience. Master's Degree preferred.
Ability to explain complex ideas and algorithms in understandable ways
Experience in developing data-driven algorithms in information retrieval, relevance, or machine learning
Experience with basic engineering principles, such as system design and architecture, and tools like AWS
Huge plus if you've worked in the fraud/risk management space before!
Desire to work in a fast, high growth startup environment and thrive on autonomy
Instnt values our employees and wants you to be healthy and happy! As an employee, you will enjoy a wide range of benefits and perks including:
Culture that values empathy, kindness, teamwork, humor, and direct honesty
Generous Equity Package
Remote Culture
Unlimited PTO
Competitive company paid Maternity / Paternity Leave Policy
Comprehensive Healthcare plan (medical, dental, & vision)
Commuter transportation reimbursement
Discounted Membership to Gyms
Supplemental Ancillary Benefits
Community Events
NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE

We are an equal opportunity employer. M/F/H/V
