Job Description

Quantitative Researchers at Citadel Securities apply advanced statistical techniques to complex data sets to model markets, test hypotheses, and create proprietary trading algorithms. As markets continuously evolve, Quantitative Researchers keep Citadel Securities at the forefront of the industry by constantly adapting models and strategies to identify market opportunities around the globe.

As an intern, you’ll get to challenge the impossible in research through an 11 week program that will allow you to collaborate and connect with senior team members and our CEO Peng Zhao. In addition, you’ll get the opportunity to network and socialize with peers at iconic venues.


Your Objectives:

Conceptualize valuation strategies, develop and continuously improve upon mathematical models, and help translate algorithms into code
Back test and implement trading models and signals in an active, live trading environment
Use unconventional data sources to drive innovation
Conduct research and statistical analysis to build and refine monetization systems for trading signals

Your Skills & Talents:


Advanced training in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or another highly quantitative field (Bachelors, Masters, PhD degree)
Strong knowledge of probability and statistics (e.g. machine learning, time-series analysis, pattern recognition, NLP)
Background working in a data driven research environment
Experience with NoSQL databases (e.g. MongoDB), distributed computing (e.g. MapReduce), and analytical packages (e.g. R, Matlab)
Independent research experience
Excellent analytical skills, with strong attention to detail
Strong written and verbal communications skills
Opportunities available in Chicago, New York, London, Hong Kong

About Citadel Securities


Citadel Securities is a leading global market maker across a broad array of fixed income and equity securities. Our world-class capabilities position us to meet the liquidity demands of our diverse group of institutional clients in all market conditions. In partnering with us, our clients, including asset managers, banks, broker-dealers, hedge funds, government agencies and public pension programs are able to gain a powerful trading advantage and are better positioned to meet their investment goals.

The team makes its mark every day from our offices around the world: Chicago, New York, London, Hong Kong, Toronto, Shanghai, Sydney, Dublin.
