Description

The Data Scientist is responsible for processing, cleaning, and analyzing large volumes of data to develop business solutions for a wide variety of clients and projects. This position performs tasks utilizing statistics, machine learning, programming, and data modeling to discover information, recognize patterns and trends to address business problems.
Develop and apply data solutions for cleansing data to remove errors and review consistency.
Perform analysis of data to discover information, business value, patterns and trends in support to guide development of asset business solutions.
Gather data, find patterns and relationships and create prediction models to evaluate client assets.
Conduct research and apply existing data science methods to business line problems.
Monitor client assets and perform predictive and root cause analysis to identify adverse trends; choose best fit methods, define algorithms, and validate and deploy models to achieve desired results.
Produce reports and visualizations to communicate technical results and interpretation of trends; effectively communicate findings and recommendations to all areas of the business.
All other duties as assigned
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Analytics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Statistics, Math, or related field from an accredited program required. Master's degree preferred.
Minimum 6 years related experience.
Related consulting experience preferred.
Experience working with SQL, R, Java, Python, SAS, SPSS required.
Experience in data mining and predictive analytics.
Experience in machine learning and predictive algorithms.
Experience in data visualization.
Ability to work with team members and clients to assess needs, provide assistance, and resolve problems.
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Excellent verbal/written communication, and the ability to present and explain technical concepts to business audiences.
EEO/Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans

Job Business Analysts

Primary Location US-MO-Kansas City

Travel: Yes, 10 % of the Time

About Burns & McDonnell

Burns & McDonnell is making the world a better place every day. When we take on some of the world’s toughest challenges, we’re putting the industry’s best thinking to work, striving to create amazing success for our clients and amazing careers for our employee-owners. Our staff of more than 7,000 engineers, architects, construction professionals, scientists, consultants and business professionals is constantly growing.

We have offices and projects across the U.S. and around the globe. We are proud to rank among FORTUNE magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For. Our culture, powered by 100% employee ownership, plays a major role in getting us there. Each employee brings a high level of commitment to every project. Clients have shown their appreciation of this dedication, rewarding us with a 90% repeat business rate and decades-long partnerships. That’s pretty cool for a firm that started as a small engineering consulting shop back in 1898.

At Burns & McDonnell, you’ll have the opportunity to make a difference while fulfilling your personal and professional ambitions. Our entrepreneurial culture lets you guide your destiny and shape the path your career travels. And with hundreds of service specialties, your career and development options are endless.

Are you ready to create amazing?

Burns & McDonnell is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans

Req ID: 192734

#LI-EF #T&D
