GreenZone Solutions, Inc. is a fast-growing woman-owned (WOSB) dedicated service provider to our Federal clients. The Company works hard to promote the best interest of their clients, their team, and their community while delivering excellence through their Big Data, Business Intelligence, and Data Analytics services and effective solutions to exceed the client’s mission goals and objectives.

We are currently seeking a motivated Data Scientist (Mid-Level) for an exciting opportunity with a federal client. Our innovative customer is working to modernize the way the agency uses big data and data analytics to meet its investigative mission and objectives. The candidate will also support the development of an agency wide analytics platform and the development of customized applications and tools to meet unique personnel use cases and agency objectives, using cloud and primarily open source technologies. This is a hybrid data analytics and development role.

The Data Scientist will provide direct development and analytics support to agency personnel. This includes working with the client to gather project requirements, providing expertise and tool/technology suggestions, and delivering high-quality and refined work products. The Data Scientist will have the opportunity to apply their data analytics expertise using advanced analytics, statistical models, machine learning, trend/predictive analysis, among other techniques. We empower our team to be creative, innovative, and use cutting edge tools and technologies.

Responsibilities
Work directly with the government client to gather requirements, strategize, and plan data analytics initiatives and projects.
Use subject matter expertise to conduct analytics and analysis for complex use cases.
Utilize statistical models, algorithms, machine learning, trend analysis, and predicative analysis.
Identify patterns and relationships within large amounts of disparate data sets.
Clearly communicate findings to diverse audiences using visual, interactive, and dynamic work products.
As needed, assist with the development of data analytics pipelines, platforms, and applications

Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Information Technology, Computer Science, quantitatively-focused social sciences, or other quantitative fields.
3+ years’ experience working with open source programming languages (Python, R, Java).
2+ years’ experience conducting complex data analysis with big data sets.
2+ years’ experience creating analytics dashboards, visualizations, and presentations for diverse audiences.
Experience and expertise with unstructured and structured data from disparate sources, data ingestion, ETL, data processing, and databases.
Agile development knowledge and experience working with associated tools, ie. JIRA and Confluence.
Experience with open source data storage (ElasticSearch, HBase) and AWS Data Stores.
Experience building/optimizing data pipelines and data flows, NiFi experience a plus.
Government contractor/consulting experience.
Must be a US Citizen and able to obtain and maintain a government security clearance
Desired Skills and Experience
Agile development knowledge and experience working with associated tools, ie. JIRA and Confluence.
Experience with open source data storage (ElasticSearch, HBase) and AWS Data Stores.
Experience building/optimizing data pipelines and data flows, NiFi experience a plus.
Government contractor/consulting experience..
Benefits

At GreenZone, we are dedicated to obtaining and maintaining the highest level of employee satisfaction by offering a competitive benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision, short and long term disability, retirement plan and company match, a generous annual leave plan, and a commitment to providing a work/life balance for all employees.
