Position Data Analyst II
Req Code 5011_01
Location Kansas City
Full Time Yes
Job Overview The Research & Actuarial Department of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) has an exciting opportunity for a Data Analyst II. We are looking for a team member who would enjoy working for an organization that strives every day to support the public good and make a difference. Are you driven to utilize your customer service and communication skills to build long-lasting rapport? If so, this is a perfect opportunity for you!
This position is located in the NAIC’s state-of-the-art offices in Town Pavilion in the heart of downtown Kansas City which includes great restaurants and top-notch entertainment venues. This is a full-time position in a positive and flexible environment.
Responsibilities include:
Publications/Data
Responsible for the full development of select Department publications. Develops, reviews, revises and updates specifications and procedures as well as conducts data and quality assurance checks for reports and publications as assigned or developed. Works with programmers in ensuring proper and accurate data. Analyzes results and creates written analysis based on the results as necessary. Adds value to publications by creating analysis in Tableau.
Reviews and analyzes data for completeness and reasonability.
Communicates with states and statistical agents to receive, understand and maintain proper data for reports. Performs quality assurance on data contained in reports and analysis.
Responds to inquiries regarding insurance data, research projects and research publications, as assigned by the manager or as referred from internal and external entities. Responds to internal and external (state regulators, federal government, academics, media, consumers) customers on issues related to assigned publications.
Ability to write and interpret SQL, Access, SAS or R queries for standard as well as ad hoc mining purposes.
Has a firm understanding of insurance concepts and terminology in order to understand the data points needed for analysis and how to trouble-shoot data quality concerns.
Assists with state data calls by contributing to the development of the data specification and validation rules as well as receiving and reviewing data. Able to aggregate and manipulate data to create meaningful reports. Seeks out and utilizes credible outsourced data to add value when possible.
Ability to build visualizations using business intelligence tools to spot trends and anomalies as well as create unbiased stories and conclusions with data.
Works within the data governance framework to streamline data usage and create consistent results.
Collaborates with state regulators and internal staff in other divisions/departments to determine data reporting needs and process for obtaining the highest quality data possible.
Contributes to the development of an enterprise data analytics warehouse designed for end-user consumption of data.
Coordinates multi-state surveys by collaborating with state regulators, sending surveys to all applicable distribution lists and organizing all responses.
Maintains database of queries answered by Department members for future use. Maintains topical research for use by Department staff, CIPR research or staff support.
Staff Support
May assist with data-related projects within NAIC Committee structure.
Provides secondary staff support for select Working Groups.
May provide primary staff support for select Working Groups.

Secondary Functions: Job functions that are not essential but are considered part of the job. Other duties may be assigned.
Works with Research & Actuarial Department programmers and other staff to develop new reports, databases and other data resources for regulators and the public to use for analytical purposes.
Assists in secondary data-related role in research for Center for Insurance Policy & Research (CIPR) papers. May assist in research or writing as it relates to CIPR papers.
Works with committee staff to develop data governance plans as necessary for new and existing data collection projects. Knowledge of data classification criteria and relevant security related to sensitive and confidential data preferred.

Skills and Abilities:
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Ability and willingness to learn about NAIC publications, resources and services and take professional level courses on insurance and insurance regulatory issues.
Ability to use and willingness to learn basic computer software applications necessary to accomplish tasks.
Ability and willingness to enhance knowledge regarding business intelligence tools and perform basic database queries.
Proven interpersonal and problem resolution skills to effectively respond to inquiries and interact with groups of professionals in both formal and informal meeting settings.
Proficiency finding patterns within structured and unstructured data.
Proven aptitude for using a quantitative approach to analyze large data sets and articulate the findings logically without bias.
Organized and proficient at record-keeping and versioning.
Adept at utilizing large datasets to assist states in acquiring the knowledge needed for informed decision-making.
Ability to manage projects independently.
Ability to adapt to changing priorities and manage multiple projects simultaneously.

Minimum Education and/or experience required:
Four-year degree and a minimum of two years’ experience or equivalent in math, insurance, economics, statistics, computer or financial fields.
Completed insurance courses (CPCU, CLU, etc.) or is willing to work towards insurance designations.

Preferred Experience:
Experience or academic emphasis in statistical analysis.
Analytical/technical writing experience is desirable. Knowledge of data management principles. Experience using SAS, R, ACCESS, Tableau or other computer query languages and business intelligence tools.
Understanding of data modeling concepts.

Why Work at the NAIC/NIPR?
Flexible Work Environment
37.5 Hour Work Week
Tuition Reimbursement
Referral Bonuses
Choice of Insurance Plans
Vacation Buy Back
Infants in the Work Place
Adoption Assistance
Parental Leave
Employee Recognition Programs
Days Off for Community Service
Student Loan Repayment Program
Fitness Center
The NAIC is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

For consideration, please apply online at:
http://careers.naic.org
Applicants for all positions are considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin or ancestry, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, military or veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by applicable law.
