The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for business model and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. The candidate must have strong experience using a variety of data miningdata analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, usingcreating algorithms and creatingrunning simulations. Heshe must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data - based insights and must be comfortable working with a wide range of data types and requests, including financial and non-financial data. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and improving business outcomes. bull Collect, validate and analyze data to drive optimization and improvement of product development, pricing techniques and other business strategies bull Develop and maintain custom models and algorithms to implement identified business opportunities and strategic changes monitor and modify models regularly for best model outcomes bull Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, and other business outcomes bull Develop processes and dynamic data dashboards to monitor and forecast business performance, alert of business risk based on underlying business market trends bull Develop various types of testing frameworks and perform test results analysis bull Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis bull Communicate analysis results and recommendations to stakeholders and leaders regularly and effectively Qualifications bull Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Finance or related field required, Master degree preferred bull 3-5 years of practical experience with data processing, data mining, statistical analysis and other analytical skills under business environment required. bull Extensive experience querying databases and using advanced statistical techniques (R, Python, SLQ, SAS, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets bull Knowledge and experience of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world applications. bull Advanced analytical and problem solving skills and ability to explain complex concepts succinctly and effectively bull Experience in creating, visualizing and presenting data and insight using Tableau bull Excellent oral and written communication skills including ability to present to and influence senior and executive management. bull Highly adaptable and comfortable with ambiguity. Ability to breakdown broad objectives in to tactical goals and effectively communicate to team. Personal Attributes bull Creative problem solver the ability to quickly grasp the business issues of a situation and develop the best solution find creative ways to solve complex issues among demanding parties and achieve ldquowin-winrdquo resolutions bull The ability to deal with ambiguity and adapt easily to rapidly changing business conditions bull Comfort working in a dynamic, research-oriented group with several ongoing concurrent projects bull Ability to design and strategize as well as execute and implement bull Results focused Accountable, strong sense of ownership bull Energetic and positive contributor who can fit into a highly motivated and high performance team. bull Unquestionable Independence and Integrity an individual regarded as having strong principles and adhering firmly to those principles. bull Team-Oriented a collaborative individual who is motivated by working effectively with others and forging consensus bull Strong interpersonal skills and relationship management
