Pandera Systems is a highly specialized analytics and technology consulting firm with a core focus in developing data-driven solutions. We bring together the most advanced engineers, data scientists, and technologists to help transform the world’s leading brands. Our teams at Pandera work in multidisciplinary environments harnessing data and technology to change the future of how people work. We help our clients realize faster execution and deployment of value-based data delivery systems that maximize competitive strategies, Pandera employs best-in-class rapid implementation methodology, centered on concentrated design and development practices.

Pandera prides itself in being a leader in the analytics field, creating an artful blend of analytics and product expertise to create beautiful, data-driven products and platforms. Our mission is to remain the leader in existing and emerging advanced analytics utilizing modern and traditional analytical tool kits. We accomplish this by promoting your continuous development, both personally and professionally.

As a Data Scientist at Pandera, you are someone who can do a deep technical dive and communicate effectively with others by partnering with cross-functional teams focused on product improvements. You love wrangling messy data into an elegant solution and working with a wide range of data to identify opportunities or unknown risks and articulate recommend solutions and strategies. You will contribute to data team initiatives focused on ensuing fast, reliable, and comprehensive data and serve as a trusted consultant and promote data literacy across the company. This role is a chance to have a huge impact on how millions of users collaborate.

Responsibilities:
Analyze data in a business setting
Collaborate with non-technical consumers of data
Self-motivated and thrive when working autonomously
To be curious, innovative, diligent and not afraid to fail fast
To keep current with emerging technologies and advanced analytic methodologies
Collaborate with other technical teams to integrate analytical solutions in Enterprise applications
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s (Master’s preferred) in Mathematics or Statistics
Experience with large Data Sets
Experience with using API’s to access 3rd party data
Proficient when it comes to writing SQL and Python
Critical thinking
Working knowledge of IoT and Streaming Architecture
Working knowledge NLP, ML and Deep Learning Models
Working knowledge of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
Working knowledge of both SQL and NoSQL data sources
Tools: GCP, AWS, Azure, Scala, Python, SQL, ML Libraries (e.g., TensorFlow, statsmodels), R, SAS, Hadoop, Spark, Hive,

What do you get out of this? You’re a hot commodity and having you on the team would be an honor to us! Here’s some of the ways we pay it forward to recognize your contribution to our vision!
Be Rewarded - A competitive salary and instant vesting on 401k are only a few of the rewards for a job well done.
Be Healthy - Health, dental, and vision offered through top tier providers and unlimited sick leave to keep you feeling at the top of your game.
Be Inspired - Collaborative workspace and unlimited vacation to keep your mind fresh and ready to take on the next new idea.
Be Supported - A large network of industry experts, internal training platform, and external learning opportunities to grow your skills and experience.
Be a Team - Team outings, happy hours, passion presentations, volunteer opportunities, meetups, etc. we are creating a community to continuously share and grow as a team.
