Job Description


Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents, ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

Scientist, Analytical Research & Development

The Analytical Scientist reports to the Manager of Analytical Research & Development

St. Petersburg is our primary soft gel development and manufacturing facility in North America with capacity of 18 billion capsules per year.  Within the Catalent network, we offer a broad range of integrated formulation and analytical services to solve difficult development and manufacturing challenges.

The Analytical Research and Development (AR&D) laboratory supports evaluation and testing of raw materials, excipients, APIs, in-process and finished product samples. AR&D also performs development and validation of methods used to support release and stability testing of non-commercial products and materials.

The Analytical Scientist role is critical to our patients because we develop methods and test products with patient safety in mind, executing with efficiency always. Quality, safety and on-time delivery is a must to be successful in this role. If you share a passion for patient care in the growing world of pharmaceutical manufacturing and would like to be part of a global drug development and delivery leader, then this might be for you!

The Role (daily responsibilities)
Analysis of finished products, in-process materials, fill moisture, raw materials, and cleaning verification and validation samples according to the assigned specifications, methods and protocols.
Audits and verifies results, including but not limited to, calculations in notebooks/logbooks and results in reports to check for accuracy and integrity of data.
Writes and reviews analytical methods, deviations, protocols, SOPs and any other technical documents as required.
Provides project support for new product development which requires a close working relationship directly with Customers as well as suppliers.
Interfaces with peers in other departments, senior management, customers and regulatory agencies.
Identifies and implements process improvements that will reduce cycle time to test and release products.
The Candidate (requirements)
Requires a PhD in a scientific field with 1 year of experience or a Masters in scientific field with 3+ years or Bachelors in scientific field with 5 years or an Associates in a scientific field with 10 years of experience in an analytical GMP environment.
Minimum of 3 years’ experience with identification or separation techniques such as HPLC, UPLC, GC, MS, NMR and experience with method development/validation.
Experience with common pharmaceutical laboratory equipment including, but not limited to, LC/MS Instrumentation Experience, H.P.L.C. and G.C. instrumentation and Dissolution testing.
Knowledge of the following: Safety and hazardous waste requirements, Data acquisition applications and databases, cGMP standards.
Demonstrated history of method development and/or validation.
Demonstrated critical thinking ability with experience in conducting and writing laboratory investigations.
Position Benefits
Cross functional exposure to other areas of Operations
Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
152 hours of paid time off annually + 7 paid Holidays


We will identify candidates based on the following Catalent Competencies:
Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops
Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

Catalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com. This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.
