Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Enterprise Finance drives financial management for the company and maintains and enhances risk and financial controls. Key functions within Enterprise Finance include finance and accounting; Treasury; corporate development, mergers, and acquisitions; Data Management and Insights, the Customer Remediation Center of Excellence, Enterprise Shared Services, Business Process Management, and Corporate Strategy. Enterprise Finance informs shareholders, regulators, taxing authorities, team members, and leaders of the companys financial performance through earnings releases, investor meetings and conferences, and meetings with regulators and credit rating agencies, following appropriate reporting guidelines. They also maintain and enhance risk and financial controls and lead many of the companys shared services functions including corporate properties, security, and global services.

As part of the BI Execution team, this position is responsible for developing data model workflows to generate innovative ideas around the simplification of model deployment. He / she will partner with the Product Owner and scrum development team to build dashboards that deliver meaningful analytics and reports. This newly created position can be located in Chandler, AZ; Minneapolis, MN or Phoenix, AZ and does not offer relocation assistance.

Specific responsibilities include:
Develop complex analytical models that provide data-driven insights for a wide array of business initiatives
Design and implement reports and dashboards across various topics and define required supporting data architecture
Support the technical build-out of various reporting / BI tools that enable analysis, modeling, and / or advanced data visualization
Transform large complex data into easy to understand report
Partner with key stakeholders to ensure all relevant documentation (e.g. Training materials, Business Procedures, Playbook) is up-to-date after every Sprint
Ensure compliance with the organization's policies and technology standards
Participate in Scrum methodology: sprint planning, daily stand-up, sprint review, retrospective and backlog refinement
Participate in Software & Hardware deployments
The Enterprise Governance & Operational Support Special Operations (EG&OS SO) within Enterprise Shared Services (ESS) leverages the Scrum/Agile methodology to build a highly talented, scalable, and sustainable function for advanced business intelligence tools to strengthen data governance, implement more effective controls and deploy real-time monitoring.

Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
4+ years of SQL experience
4+ years of data analysis experience
Other Desired Qualifications
Experience using BI Tools such as Tableau and Microsoft Power BI
Experience developing executive level dashboards, analytics, and reports from large datasets
Experience with SQL Services Analysis Services (SSAS) to extract data from data warehousing platforms
Experience presenting information in a manner that persuades, educates, and enhances understanding at all levels
Experience with Agile Scrum (Daily Standup, Sprint Planning and Sprint Retrospective meetings) and Kanban
Experience leading meetings with local and remote attendees
Job Expectations
Ability to travel up to 10% of the time
Street Address

MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN
AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ
AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
