Hinge is seeking a versatile data scientist to work on product development initiatives. From assessing opportunities and results through analytical techniques to curating personalized experiences with machine learning, you will take on a central and multi-faceted role in the product development process. In turn, your work will deeply influence how millions of Hinge members connect with each other.
Responsibilities
Collaborate with a cross-functional team of product managers, researchers, and engineers to develop and iterate on product features
Translate product objectives to data science problems and vice versa
Apply statistical inference to draw rigorous conclusions from data
Identify and execute on opportunities to apply machine learning to improve user experience
Perform ad hoc exploratory analysis as needed
Requirements:
2+ years of experience as data scientist
Strong knowledge of statistics and machine learning
Experience with A/B testing
Proficiency in SQL and Python
Exposure to engineering best practices
Superb communication skills
Deep sense of intellectual curiosity
Comfort with ambiguity
Our Company:
Hinge is the dating app for people who want to get off dating apps. In today’s digital world, singles are so busy matching that they’re not actually connecting, in person, where it counts. Hinge is on a mission to change that. So we built an app that’s designed to be deleted. On Hinge, there are no rules, timers, or games. Instead, you’ll meet your most compatible matches and you’ll have unique conversations over what you’ve shared on your detailed profile. It’s a natural way to find a great first date. Currently, 3 out of 4 first dates lead to second dates, we’re the #1 mobile-first dating app mentioned in the New York Times wedding section, and we’re the fastest growing dating app in the US, UK, Canada, and Australia.

Our Culture:
- Authenticity: Share your genuine thoughts and opinions directly.
- Courage: Invite and deeply consider challenges and criticism.
- Empathy: Be empathetic, communitarian and trustworthy.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
