Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

AI Technology team is looking for a highly motivated and experienced Tableau developer to be a part of development team building a unified solution to automate Machine Learning (ML) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) projects. The system will encompass not just the model learning itself, but also many practical challenges in ML systems: feature extraction/feature definition, data validation, monitoring, and management of features/models.

In this role you will be responsible for the:
Design and build software/tools that enable end users to manipulate and visualize their data
Develops medium to Complex Tableau reports using data from various internal databases
Consult with end users to document reporting requirements for large-sized projects and creates design documentation
Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
2+ years of Tableau experience
7+ years of experience with Waterfall and Agile project methodologies
3+ years of Python experience
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Hadoop experience
Knowledge and understanding of Agile
Street Address

CA-Concord: 1755 Grant Street - Concord, CA

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
