The opportunity


Grammarly empowers people to thrive and connect, whenever and wherever they communicate. More than 20 million people around the world use our AI-powered writing assistant every day. All of this begins with our team collaborating in a values-driven and learning-oriented environment.

We're looking for a Data Scientist to help us drive decision-making, find bigger opportunities, and improve our product. As a consumer internet company, we produce huge amounts of data, and in this role, you will have outsize opportunities to develop the insights to make it actionable. You will have broad impact and exposure across Grammarly, working with team members from our Product, Research, Marketing, Engineering, and Finance teams.

Grammarly's engineers and researchers have the freedom to innovate and uncover breakthroughs—and, in turn, influence our product roadmap. The complexity of our technical challenges is growing rapidly as we scale our interfaces, algorithms, and infrastructure. Read more about our stack or hear from our team on our technical blog.

Your impact


As a Data Scientist at Grammarly, you will help our team make better decisions by advocating for data-driven approaches across the organization. Your analysis will contribute to our strategy across the business in areas such as user acquisition, engagement, retention, and more.
Within your first month, you will start developing a good understanding of the overall data-processing pipeline, understand a subset of Grammarly's key metrics, and complete at least two small data reports to present to relevant business owners.
By month three, you will become an expert user of our analytical tools, start contributing to the Data Science team's projects, understand all of Grammarly's key metrics, and independently work on small-to-medium-complexity data projects (including A/B tests, channel analysis, and user engagement).
By month six, you will start working independently on complex data projects, such as user segmentation, short- and long-term user-engagement analysis, and lifetime value projections.
By year one, you will become the go-to person and subject-matter expert for a few of Grammarly's key metrics, own and drive projects independently with minimal supervision, and along with our other Data Scientists, ensure "data science excellence" at Grammarly (dashboards, high-quality reports, empowered teams, etc.).
We're looking for someone who
Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable.
Holds a PhD in a quantitative field or a masters in a quantitative field and has at least 3 years of experience working as a data scientist.
Has experience in data analysis, A/B testing, retention tracking, etc. (consumer product experience is preferred).
Is proficient in data mining and statistics.
Has experience with SQL as well as experience programming in Python, R, Scala, or an equivalent language.
Has strong analytical and critical thinking skills as well as a strong bias toward actionable insights; loves finding insights and getting others to act on them.
Is a self-starter with superior organizational and prioritization skills.
Support for you, professionally and personally
Professional growth: We hire people we trust, and we give team members autonomy to do their best work. We also support professional development with training, coaching, and regular feedback.
A connected team: Grammarly builds products that help people connect, and we apply this mindset to our own team. We have a highly collaborative culture supported by our EAGER values. We also take time to celebrate our colleagues and accomplishments with global, local, and team-specific events and programs.
Comprehensive benefits: Grammarly offers all team members competitive pay along with a benefits package that includes superior health care. We also offer ample and defined time off, catered lunches, gym and recreation stipends, admission discounts, and more.
We encourage you to apply


At Grammarly, we value our differences, and we encourage all—especially those whose identities are traditionally underrepresented in tech organizations—to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Grammarly will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. Grammarly is an equal opportunity employer and participant in the U.S. Federal E-Verify program.
