Jun means truth, and our culture is about openness and honesty. Jun Group is a mobile advertising company that delivers beautiful full-screen video and display ads to millions of people. Advertisers like Audi, Merck, Intel, and WebMD trust Jun Group because everything we do is brand safe, viewable, and transparent.We are looking for a software developer to join our amazing server team. This position is full-time and 100% remote with the option of working on-site once it is safe to do so. Jun Group will only consider candidates for this position who are currently legally authorized to work in the United States.Who you are* You enjoy a fun, creative, and engaging working atmosphere free of brilliant jerks* You want to be part of a small team inside a large company with massive opportunity for growth* You enjoy collaboration with other teams including product, biz dev, and our in-house QA team* You eagerly dig into complex engineering problemsWhat you'll do* Contribute to exciting greenfield projects* Develop new predictive machine learning models to optimize our ad server* Collaborate with our server engineering team to improve our existing machine learning models and tooling* Experiment with new tech to find the right tool for the job* Use Kanban to manage multiple releases per week* Maintain high code quality through code reviews and automated testsQualifications* You have hands-on experience implementing production machine learning systems at scale in Java, Python, Scala, or similar languages* Experience working with streaming and batch data processing tools like Apache Beam, Spark, Flink, etc.* You've built and maintained an ETL pipeline using a data warehouse like BigQuery or Redshift* Data engineering experience, including SQL and manipulating large structured or unstructured datasets for analysis* Practical knowledge of how to build efficient end-to-end ML workflows* Familiarity with Python machine learning tools like scikit-learn, pandas, etc.* Familiarity with AWS and Google Cloud big data productsWhat we offer* A highly competitive compensation package* 401k with company match* Paid vacation, work from home, and sick days* Annual personal development budget to attend a conference of your choice* Designated time to work on company-related projects you feel strongly about* Macbook Pros and any other equipment you need to work effectively from home* Monthly company eventsJun Group is a high-powered, collaborative environment. We are looking for candidates who work well in teams, enjoy learning, and challenging the status quo. We work hard, and we have lives, too. We'll pay competitively based on experience, and we're open to allowing the right person to learn our industry on the job.Interested parties should send a resume along with a cover note. We have excellent perks and benefits, and we welcome diversity and non-traditional paths into all of our roles. We believe in hiring the right person as opposed to the right combination of keywords.
