Data Scientist

Data Scientist, Research & Development

Reports to: VP, Product Development and Data Science

Location: Boston, MA

Comlinkdata is seeking a highly analytical candidate to join our team as a Data Scientist on the Research and Development (R&D) team. The R&D team conducts early stage research to prioritize new product concepts, manages the short term product pipeline by taking products and features to at least a proof of concept stage, and identifies and integrates external data to compliment and enrich our existing proprietary data.

The Data Scientist will support the R&D team with their strong business acumen and ability to develop data product prototypes. Strong communication and experience collaborating across multiple teams is a must. They should enjoy working with complex problems and use a broad range of analytical techniques to creatively tackle new questions and issues as they arise.

Responsibilities:

Including but not limited to:

Define Customer Needs and Pursue Solutions
Collaborate with Client Analytics & Insights team to understand our clients’ needs
Break down complex problems into discrete issues and determine which ones to prioritize and pursue
Collect, Clean and Set-up Data
Evaluate external data sources for usefulness, reliability and ease of integration
Wrangle structured and unstructured data from diverse sources into a standardized form
Play with the data until it breaks and surface issues before it gets to the client or client teams
Analyze and Visualize Data
Design and conduct comparative analyses of large complex datasets to determine next steps
Summarize analysis using a wide range of data visualization techniques to determine the types of insights derived from the product and data limitations
Prototype new ways of visualizing and interacting with our data
Develop and deploy machine learning and statistical models
Use understanding of the underlying data and business objectives to optimize feature engineering for input data
Design and train models (current priority applications are in pattern similarity detection, but there are a wide range of potential product use cases)
Work with engineering team to deploy machine learning algorithms into production environment
Communicate Insights
Draw relevant conclusions from analysis and make recommendations based on how these conclusions impact new and existing products
Document data definitions to be embedded in new products and business rules for analysis of these new data
Work with internal teams (product development, client services, data operations) to translate analytical findings and model prototypes into product requirements and insights for clients
Candidate Profile

Required Skills
At least 3 years of relevant work experience. Please note that we are interested in strong candidates of all experience levels. Title and salary will be commensurate with experience.
Applied experience with Machine learning algorithms (classification, clustering, optimization) beyond just tinkering, or classroom
Real world experience with Spark (SQL + MLlib): querying, manipulating and analyzing large (100+ TB) data sets, plus using ML models (Scala preferred, but Python/R/Java still useful)
Strong toolkit of quantitative and qualitative analytical techniques rooted in business, economic and statistical analysis
Examples of business analysis include: market competitiveness, financial analysis, social media monitoring
Examples of statistical analysis include: linear regression, logistic regression, non-parametric statistics, probabilistic modelling, spatial modeling
Passionate about telling stories using data
Desire to get hands dirty working with data every day, balanced with ability to surface insights that shape new products
Proficient with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint, or able to generate compatible outputs using other tools, e.g. csv files
Some experience with statistical packages (e.g. R, Python stats libraries, SPSS, SAS, STATA)
Desired Skills
Experience with largescale geospatial data
Experience with AWS suite of tools for data analysis, data management and ETL processes: EMR, s3, aws cli
Proficiency with Hive and SQL a significant plus
Telecoms industry expertise a plus
Some experience with data visualization tools desirable (e.g. Tableau, Qlik, Spotfire)
Please submit a cover letter along with your resume to joinus@comlinkdata.com.

1. Explain why you are interested in working for Comlinkdata and the specific role.

2. Describe one relevant project where you used data to create actionable business insights or a data-driven product

At this time, Comlinkdata will not sponsor a new applicant for employment sponsorship for this position.

About Comlinkdata

Comlinkdata is the leading provider of telecom market data and insights. We provide clients with unique, real-time, query ready data that is combined with our analysts’ telecom expertise. At Comlinkdata, we help you make data-driven business decisions with confidence. Our data and insights provide you with the tools you need to analyze and optimize your business strategy ranging from decisions based on network investments, to pricing to market positioning.

Comlinkdata is headquartered in Boston. For more information, visit our website at Comlinkdata.com and follow us on Twitter (@Comlinkdata) or LinkedIn: Comlinkdata.

Related Jobs

Data Analyst

Data Scientist

Analyst, Research & Development

Quality Assurance Specialist

Business Analyst, Client Analytics & Insights

Manager, Client Analytics & Insights

Director, Client Analytics & Insights
