Piper Companies is spearheading a Professional Search for a Data Scientist in our client's downtown Washington, DC office. You will collaborate with diverse teams of data scientists, data analysts, program developers, and mobile and backend developers. This position will be involved in statistical data science and analysis to meet customer requirements, as well as internal innovation. You will also have the opportunity to innovate with machine learning, computer vision, data visualization, and geospatial data enrichment to enable the rich attributes of the organization's data. This position will have an impact on both internal and customer facing platforms. The Team We are a passionate, tight-knit, super-driven team that moves fast, appreciates candor, and deeply values the diversity of our backgrounds. Our diversity mirrors the global nature of our work we've lived in 30 countries, speak 14 languages, and believe in the value of life experience that an unconventional background inherently brings. What unites us is our innate curiosity and collective ambition to build technology that ultimately has a measurable human impact. What you get to do bull Apply mathematical rigor and a highly refined sense of both "where to look next" and "what to do instead" when performing econometricstatistical analysis for client requirements. bull You will work to create, validate and improve automated algorithms which turn raw data with geospatial and text attributes into meaningful information. bull Communicate data collection and statistical methodologies to both technical and nontechnical audiences bull Apply strong quantitative background and experience in applied statistical analysis (e.g. time series, panel data, geospatial data, survey design). bull Train, calibrate and validate computer vision algorithms to extract objects, text etc. bull Utilize Python and packages to write code towards data wrangling, enrichment, statistical analysis, and visualization of both spatial and non-spatial data. bull Identify and leverage opportunities to continually improve data quality, systems, processes, and standards. bull Apply NLP expertise to cluster and find patterns in free text crowdsourced data. bull You will collaborate with other data scientists, analysts, product managers, operations, and other departments to ensure products and technology meets internal standards. Your background likely includes bull BS or MS in Economics, Mathematics, Data Science, Computer Science, etc. or equivalent work experience analytical skills. bull Advanced level SQL writing skills (Google BigQuery a plus but not necessary). bull Experience with Python and associated packages for statistical analysis, machine learning, and computer vision. bull Passion for learning and sharing knowledge with the team around you. bull Experience with data analysis, quality, cleaning, and extractionvalidation tools. bull Experience with ArcGIS, QGIS, Shapely, or GeoPandas for geospatial data processing. bull Experience with visualization tools like Periscope Data, Data Studio, Tableau, ArcGIS a plus. Compensation Benefits bull Salary 140,000 to 175,000year (based on experience andor technical capabilities) bull Benefits Equity Stock Options, 401k Match, Unlimited Vacation, Daily Lunch Snacks, Transportation Gym subsidies, ect
