PeoplesBank is the largest mutually chartered bank in Western Massachusetts and a leader in green values, sustainable energy financing, and charitable giving. Come join our team of dedicated individuals who want to contribute to a dynamic, successful organization.

Data Scientist

Schedule: Monday through Wednesday and Friday 8:30am-4:30pm, Thursday 8:30am-5:00pm

Responsibilities:
Analyze, interpret and visualize complex data creating conceptual, logical and physical data models to determine the most appropriate method to represent data for business consumption
Lead analytic projects and track overall performance of assigned projects including conversion rates and retargeting; recommend process and procedure improvements as a result of analytics.
Manage the Marketing platform by working closely with the marketing team to identify opportunities and implement campaigns for the Marketing team.
Manage ad hoc analyses to support bank wide initiatives
Direct and perform a variety of advanced analyses including data mining and research; provide recommendations based on key findings.
Work with Data Liaisons to manage and improve existing customer data points to identify customer demand and trends to drive strategy. Create dashboards to provide on demand tracking of bank wide KPI's and metrics. Evaluate the data and determine and recommend next steps based off this information.
Manage large & complex analytical projects, data exploration, model building & testing.
Work cross-functionally with multiple internal teams developing strong working relationships and have a hands-on mentality.
Explore new data sources, analytical techniques and industry trends to ensure ongoing competitive advantage.
Measure and report performance of bank promotions and assess against goals; Identify trends and insights and make recommendations to optimize performance based on insights.
Manage, develop and build models that lead to better business insights and recommendations. Understand customer patterns and behavior and provide insight on customer experience, customer retention, customer acquisition and utilization strategies. Provide recommendations based on the analysis.
Create new and manage existing folders, reports, dashboards, and agents in the data management system to ensure timely and accurate data reporting for use by bank managers for decision purposes.
Completes all yearly compliance training and testing and complies with bank, federal, and state regulations. Adheres to departmental and bank-wide service standards.
Adheres to departmental and bank-wide service standards. Complies with Bank Policies and Procedures
The Data Scientist will be involved in articulating data-driven solutions that inform decision making, and in developing methods or processes for implementation and targeting. The Data Scientist will be expected to have a deep understanding of analytical methodologies in order to complete unstructured assignments with little supervision.

The Data Scientist has impact on identifying customer behavior and targeting analysis. The Data Scientist provides insight for a variety of bank wide initiatives based on data analysis on both the front end and back end. The position will also be expected to take that data and proactively provide recommendations for next steps utilizing the data. Inaccurate reporting of data provided to Senior Management could result in misinformed decision making significantly impacting the financial or operational performance of the bank. Failure to adequately safeguard customer information could result in negative regulatory sanctions.

Education and/or Experience:

Generally requires a Master's degree, preferably, in business administration, finance, or data/information sciences plus five to ten years of relevant experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Computer Skills:

Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite. Proficient in database management, report writing software (such as Oracle Business Intelligence) and SQL. General knowledge of other computer applications and banking core processing systems. Possesses understanding in the areas of application programming, database and system design. Understands how legacy and web-based systems interface with each other.

Other skills and knowledge
Bring a strong background with proven experience in digital analytics, measurement, modeling, and data quality.
Solid Analytical/statistical skills. Ability to think deeply about statistical issues as well as business and marketing implications.
Passion to self-educate and keep up-to-date on the latest Analytics trends in marketing, banking and other fields.
Excellent attention to detail, data accuracy, and quality of output. Proactively seeks opportunities to serve in leadership roles while serving as a role model.
Time Management: Strong time management skills, proficiency in prioritizing, scheduling and managing multiple project schedules and different levels of criticality.
