Carry1st is the leading mobile game publisher in Africa. In our first year, we published a #1 game in Nigeria and Kenya and just soft-launched our second title. We have over a million customers and hundreds of thousands of unique monthly active users.

In 2020, we look to scale to over 1M monthly active users across Africa, scaling our first two franchises and publishing content from partners in Africa and abroad. We are looking for a Data Analyst who is deeply passionate about data driven decisions, transforming raw data into clear actionable business insights and who is constantly driving himself/herself and the team towards meeting the next challenge.

What will you do?
Work with large amounts of behavioral data to find opportunities to improve customer experience
Define analytics roadmap, leveraging actionable insights to substantially improve core game metrics
Run A/B tests to drive KPI improvements across our products
Support our digital marketing efforts by measuring acquisition campaign performance
Drive and empower product leadership to make quantitatively informed, evidence-based decisions
Work closely with product team, data engineers, and marketing team
Requirements

What makes you a great candidate?
3+ years in data and analytics
Work in the games industry or similarly customer-facing digital business
Experience with business intelligence and data warehousing platforms
Skills with data visualization and reporting tools such as Mixpanel / Amplitude / Tableau / etc.
Experience with predictive analytics, segmentation, and related areas
Ability to communicate complex insights and hypotheses to business stakeholders
Proficiency in SQL and R (Python nice-to-have)
Benefits

What will we offer you?
The opportunity to build awesome, industry-changing products, every day
A flat structure where taking the lead is encouraged
Competitive cash compensation and equity ownership
Casual dress
This position is based in Cape Town, South Africa – an emerging global tech hub that provides an amazing quality of life. We’ll support your relocation if you’re not here already and may be open to a remote role on a case-by-case basis.
