ArsenalBio is building a programmable cell therapy company to create highly effective accessible immune cell therapies to impact outcomes for a much broader number of patients, initially those with cancer. Founded in 2019, ArsenalBio is focused on integrating technologies such as CRISPR-based genome engineering, scaled and high throughput target identification synthetic biology, and machine learning to advance a new paradigm to discover and develop in immune cell therapies.

We are seeking a talented and highly motivated Scientist to lead the development of analytic assays for the characterization and release of ArsenalBio’s cell therapy products. The individual will have direct technical experience in a biopharmaceutical setting in the development of analytical characterization and release methods of cell therapy products. This position will report into the EVP and Head of R&D, who oversees Product Development or their designee. The Scientist will work closely with the Process and Technical Development team to design, evaluate, integrate and implement analytical assays to support the manufacture, characterization, and release of ArsenalBio’s chimeric antigen receptor T cell (CART) programs. The Scientist will interact cross-functionally across the organization to enable the success of upstream teams in Discovery and Technology whose activities feed Process and Technology Development, as well as the downstream manufacturing teams.
What You Will Do:
Design, test, and implement quality-based analytic assays to support the characterization and release of cell therapy products.
Independently plan, execute, analyze, and report assay development and qualification studies.
Apply analytic assays to analyze development and manufacturing data for the development of a cGMP cell process.
Provide technical expertise and leadership within project teams and in a matrix environment.
Establish tracking and trending analyses of process development and cGMP production runs.
Establish and draft documentation (protocols, batch records, reports) to enable transfer of ArsenalBio’s analytical methods to external CDMO
Good understanding of cGMP environment, and Quality by Design (QBD) principles for process and assay development, qualification and validation.
Collaborate closely with other functions to enable effective and successful project development; actively engage in cross-functional collaboration with peers to overcome challenges
Organize, communicate, and present complex data sets to key stakeholders and senior management
What You Will Bring
PhD (preferred), MS or BS in a relevant scientific discipline (such as Biotechnology, Bioprocess engineering, Immunology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry)
Minimum of 3 years of relevant experience in biopharmaceutical setting, and successful performance track record in establishing and applying Analytical assays for cell therapy products
Experience in technical development of analytic assays to support cell and gene therapy biologics and other advanced modalities in an early development setting
Strong leadership skills and strategic problem-solving ability; ability to predict issues and identify solutions
Ability to lead successfully within extended project teams and handle multiple challenges under pressure
Excellent communications and presentation skills, written and verbal
Excellent organizational skills: Proactive, management of multiple tasks of varying complexity simultaneously


We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status
