Description

The Senior Data Product Manager will help create and deliver best-in-class data products and drive the creation and execution of product roadmaps for innovative solutions based on data capabilities such as machine learning, geospatial analysis, natural language processing and advanced data visualization. This individual will collaborate with key business leaders to gather requirements and use cases and organize the features and capabilities to build world class insight driven data products that change the business and drive business value. The Senior Data Product Manager will apply user experience and design thinking concepts to create products that are adopted beyond technical users and into the broader organization. Finally, the Senior Data Product Manager will design, strategize and drive delivery of data products that will lead to better health outcomes for our members.
Define & communicate the overall vision, objectives and goals of the Advanced Analytics practice including data products and data science. Articulate the minimum viable product needs. Create, refine, socialize and prioritize the Product backlog.
Enable delivery of Product Backlog by presenting backlog to team; creating, owning and refining well-formed user stories and artifacts that describe and detail new products, features and services based on feedback from team, creating acceptance criteria with the team, and accepting stories as they are complete
Understand the challenges and tools available to Data Engineers and Data Scientists including enough architecture, machine learning and statistics to collaborate effectively with technical staff
Contribute to the maturity, performance and growth of the Advanced Analytics practice
Present progress on product roadmaps to senior leadership in sprint demos. Communicate the stages of advanced analytics engineering such as data blending, feature engineering, statistical modelling, etc.
Represents the team, when needed, to external stakeholders, leaders and other teams to ensure alignment and understanding progress of the team
Collaborate closely with Engagement Managers to understand the vision and objectives of their data roadmaps and align capabilities and products with their needs
Ability to align and motivate a team to achieve objectives
Identify opportunities for process optimization and redesign that will allow us to accomplish objectives more quickly and at a higher level of probability
Work one on one with each team member to ensure their growth and accountability to the team is achieved.
Cultivate a diversity of thought in design sessions to ensure the delivery of the right features for the right outcomes.
Additional duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements:
Experience with data at all levels of a modern Analytics workflow (querying, blending, exploring, visualizing, storytelling)
Experience and track record of success directing the efforts of analysts as a project manager or product owner in a deadline-driven and fast-paced environment
Ability to juggle multiple projects and tasks. Demonstrated knowledge of project management concepts (preferably Agile/SCRUM)
Hands on experience in leading process improvement initiatives
Excellent influencing and negotiation skills
Bachelor's Degree or higher from an accredited institution with a preferred area of study in statistics, business, project management or other associated field
WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disability Act or a similar law, and want a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to careers@Healthfirst.org or calling 212-519-1798 . In your email please include a description of the accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a position within Healthfirst Management Services will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with Healthfirst Management Services.

EEO Law Poster and Supplement

]]>
