Job Description
Strategic ACI is seeking a Data Scientist to support financial consultancy efforts.

About Strategic Alliance Consulting Inc.: Strategic Alliance Consulting Inc. (Strategic ACI) is a member of the Agile Support Alliance Joint Venture, LLC. The joint venture recently announced that it was awarded an indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity (IDIQ) contract for the EMERALD Program. EMERALD is a procurement vehicle for life-cycle acquisition management, strategic financial, and business management support services for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA). The contract has a one-year base plus four one-year option periods and a ceiling of $849 million. The EMERALD acquisition vehicle is structured as an agency-wide, small business set-aside program. EMERALD is the follow-on for the Resource, Decision, and Acquisition Support (RDAS) contract.

Responsibilities:

Support the objectives of FM to find creative solutions for the improved collection, organization, storage, management, retrieval, and use of financial data from across the enterprise to make more effective and transparent resource decisions. Data Scientists will help FM discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help improve the quality of FM analytic products by applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with FM products. This includes supporting the offices by working within FM’s data strategy to better enable and prepare our data to meet internal and external deliverables while providing the expertise to help provide input and guidance towards automation efforts. This includes supporting the office through utilizing resource data to make predictive, prescriptive, and descriptive analysis. Data scientists will work to mine data, create foundational analysis, manage and organize multivariate data through statistical programming languages such as SAS, SQL, R, SPSS, Python, and tell stories / reveal insights with data.

Specific Duties Include:
Developing and implementing solutions to financial data management challenges using advanced programming language skills.
Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.
Extending FM’s data with sources of information from other areas of the enterprise when needed.
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.
Creating automated anomaly detection and correction systems.
Developing diagnostic and predictive analytic methodologies to answer stakeholders’ resource management questions.
Organizing and “wrangling” large datasets from multiple financial systems to develop actionable insights from them.
Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance
Creating meaningful data visualizations that communicate findings and potential for business impact to key decision makers.
Advising FM on the latest data science and analytic technology trends.
Qualifications:
Required
Possess a Bachelor's degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics, Information Science, Computer Science or other quantitative field; or equivalent work experience.
Demonstrated experience with data analysis, including the ability to analyze data, identify trends, generate reports, merge data, and supplement data sources using automated reporting applications.
Demonstrated experience with machine learning techniques and algorithms.
Demonstrated experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, NumPy, or MatLab.
Demonstrated experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, Tableau, or GGplot.
Demonstrated experience using query languages such as SQL
Demonstrated experience involving applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, and regression.
Desired
Demonstrated experience with DoD, IC, or other government agency programs, budgetary or finance processes.
(TO45 PD11)

Equal Opportunity Employer Veterans/Disabled

Powered by JazzHR
