Position: Data Scientist

Location: Washington, DC

Job Id: 449-3

# of Openings: 0

Who are we?
Afiniti is the world's leading applied artificial intelligence and advanced analytics provider. Afiniti Enterprise Behavioral Pairing uses artificial intelligence to identify subtle and valuable patterns of human interaction in order to pair individuals on the basis of behavior, leading to more successful interactions and measurable increases in enterprise profitability. Afiniti operates throughout the world, and has measurably driven billions of dollars in incremental value for our clients.

Purpose
Our proprietary big data algorithms analyze client and third-party information to identify patterns of successful and unsuccessful behavioral interactions. We then apply these patterns in real time to augment human pairings and their associated commercial outcomes.

The successful applicant will be a key member of our AI team that develops and improves the proprietary predictive modeling algorithms used by Afiniti to optimize customer satisfaction and business outcomes in client interactions. Position reports directly to the Chief Scientist and/or Head of AI Production North America.

Key Responsibilities
Develop and utilize cutting edge data analytic techniques in queuing theory, probability, statistics, data mining, machine learning, optimization, and simulation.

The ideal candidate will have:
Experience with data mining, queuing theory, probability, statistics, optimization, and/or simulation.
Familiarity with data manipulation and analysis tools such as: SQL, R, Python, Matlab, SAS, or SPSS for analysis of data
Predictive modeling and algorithm development
Client engagement (face of AI to client)
Motivated self-starter with a desire to develop solutions for the data analytics space using cutting edge computing technology
Proven requirements analysis and problem-solving capabilities
Success working collaboratively in a team environment
Knowledge of an object-oriented language, including C++, C#, JavaScript, etc. for application development of internal tools used to build and analyze models
Foreign languages.
Education & Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, CS, , Systems Engineering, or a related field
MS degree or higher preferred.

Salary & Package
As well as a competitive base salary dependent on the number of years of experience, we also offer generous stock options, an annual discretionary bonus plus Corporate benefits.

We believe that richness in diversity is a huge asset for Afiniti. We value both the similarities and differences in everyone who is a part of the Afiniti team. We believe that this diversity builds a stronger organization and is in keeping with the core values of our company. Our policy, therefore, is to provide equal employment opportunities for all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, breastfeeding or reproductive health decisions), gender identity or expression, national origin, age, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, personal appearance, genetic information, family responsibilities, matriculation, political affiliation, military or veteran status, or any other category protected under applicable federal, state or local law. This means that we comply with all applicable human rights and employment legislation, and we do not discriminate in any aspect of employment, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotions, reductions in force, or terminations.
