About CenturyLink

CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the worlds best networking company by solving customers increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business.
Job Summary
The HR Analytics, Lead HR & Data Governance Analyst has responsibility for analysis, data, non- standard reporting, and metrics within a designated business group at CenturyLink. This role will also lead the HR Data Governance efforts and will have responsibility to develop and manage a data governance framework for HR data policies, standards and practices.
Qualifications
Main Responsibilities - Data Analyst Perspective
Serve as the primary consultant for internal clients to identify, support, design and perform statistical analyses and make recommendations on complex business issues in partnership with functional leadership.
Work with stakeholders to understand business objectives to provide data insights to best support data-driven business decisions helping to maximize our investment in people.
Use technology, analytical tools and models to develop and analyze cross-functional data as needed. Process large amounts of data using software and statistical tools.
Continuously learn new tools and ways to mine and visualize data. Design audience-specific presentations with consideration of visualization principles to share data in an intuitive manner.
Present methodology and conclusions of analyses to a variety of recipients including peers, management, and senior executive teams. Take the results of analyses and tell a story with the data to guide leaders in business decisions with the ability to explain details and high-level overviews depending on the audience.
Partner with the Reporting Organization to design, develop, and generate non-standard reports, scorecards and dashboards. Analyze the data to ensure accuracy and that the content meets business needs and requirements.
Access current reporting capabilities and make recommendations for improvement. Recommend and participate in the implementation of new reporting systems and assessment of new tecnology tools.
Main Responsibilities - Data Governance Perspective
Develop, implement and ensure adherence to an HR data governance framework for data policies, standards and practices to achieve the required level of consistency, quality and protection to meet overall business needs
Define roles and responsibilities across the organization related to data governance, clear accountability for stewardship and adoption requirements across HR
Partner with Data Analysts, Data Scientists and HRIS to understand data needed to support key metrics and ensure we have the right tools and processes to deliver the data
Create and maintain common data dictionaries and the tools or methods that support data standards for HR
Define indicators of performance and quality metrics and ensure compliance with data related policies, standards, and roles and responsibilities
Establish Data Quality program including methods for monitoring, reporting and issue remediation
Provide subject matter expertise within data governance working groups across the company
Utilize project management skills and indirect leadership skills to facilitate data standards projects
Qualifications
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Human Resources, Business or related field highly preferred
A strong foundation in using statistical and data visualization tools
Advanced experience with Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, and Excel
Knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices
Knowledge of data architecture and data related technology solutions
Experience developing and managing Data governance programs
Strong analytical execution with thoroughness, accuracy, and focus on data integrity
Strong database management skills including the ability to merge, clean and analyze large amounts of data
Strong cross-functional project management skills
Excellent executive presentation skills: ability to extract, analyze and present actionable information
Identify risks and opportunities, brainstorm innovative solutions, and drive actions to quick resolution
Think strategically, persuade stakeholders, and execute methodically and autonomously
Strong relationship building skills with internal/external partners
Experience working at a large, matrixed organization is highly preferred
Ability to multitask and manage competing priorities
6+ years related experience with Bachelors
4+ years related experience with Masters

Alternate Location: US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-Louisiana-Monroe

Requisition #: 224978

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
