Logistics done differently.

At XPO Logistics, we invest over $450 million in technology every year so that we can continue to develop state-of-the-art solutions for our customers. As the Data Scientist, you will be responsible for developing analytical experiments in a methodical manner and regularly evaluating alternate models to support strategic initiatives and ongoing business processes. You will work with leads, analysts and data producers/consumers to understand requirements, develop technical solutions and ensure the reliability and performance of the data solutions. Become a part of our growing, dynamic team and we'll help you build a career you can be proud of.

Pay, benefits and more.

We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and more.

What you’ll do on a typical day:
Develop solutions focused on data science and engineering using machine learning, deep learning algorithms, statistical concepts, data modeling, software development and visualizations
Troubleshoot technical issues in existing processes and current development work; solicit assistance from other roles and groups, and drive resolution to ensure the integrity of platform quality and project timelines
Understand and improve shared standard patterns, templates and artifacts for architecture, data science development approaches, data models and new technology adoption and rollout
Generalize and share technical approaches and best practices among other developers, and simplify and communicate completed work to broader audiences across the company
Help support data consumers to ensure they have reliable access to trusted data
What you need to succeed at XPO:

At a minimum, you’ll need:
Master's degree in Computer Science, MIS, Engineering, Business or related field; or recent college graduates with hands-on, moderately complex internship projects of greater than 6 months
1 year of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data analysis, geo spatial, finance, econometrics, cloud computing, big data and database management
Experience with statistical modeling, data analytics and visualization using R and Python (Numpy, Pandas, Scipy, Plotly and Matplotlib)
Significant experience applying one or more of the following analytical methods: regression (preferably mixed models), data classification and reduction (cluster, factor, principle components, decision trees), Bayesian inference or other advanced machine learning techniques
Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods
Proven technical database knowledge (Oracle, NoSQL, data modeling) and experience optimizing SQL queries on large data
Ability to write SQL fluently, recognize and correct inefficient or error-prone SQL, and perform test-driven validation of SQL queries and their results
Proficiency in Microsoft Office and Windows applications;
Availability to work periodic 24/7 on-call support as required by the team’s rotation schedule
It’d be great if you also have:
Data science specialization from Coursera, Udacity, Data Camp, etc.
10 years of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data modeling, data integration and business intelligence
5 years of hands-on experience in delivering solutions in at least two of the following: data science, data analysis, geo spatial, finance, econometrics, cloud computing, big data and database management
Ability to quickly learn and achieve proficiency in new software applications
Be part of something big.

XPO is a leading provider of cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the most successful companies in the world. We help our customers manage their goods most efficiently using our technology and services. Our greatest strength is our global team – energetic, innovative people of all experience levels and talents who make XPO a great place to work.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran or other protected status.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
