Our Research and Development department is on the forefront of product development and innovation. It is easy to be dedicated when you’re a part of something much bigger than yourself. We’ve got an insatiable appetite for making a difference.

The ideal Senior Scientist candidate will have an integral role in leading the dairy and/or dairy alternative development of our next wave of product innovations, while also lending technical support to our growing base business. We are looking for a candidate with a strong food science foundation, and a demonstrated expertise in product innovation, to help Chobani advance its’ mission of making healthy and delicious plant-based foods.

The responsibilities of this position include:
Execute research and development plans and strategies for production development in support of company objectives
Design and execute experiments based on project objectives, excellent record keeping, data collection and analysis and preparing project summaries
Plan and carry out development work in lab and pilot scale; design, develop and lead tests to qualify new products and support changes to existing products
Build on prior knowledge and expertise to improve and modernize product development processes
Conduct analytical measurements like pH, viscosity, density, able to design and execute shelf life studies, brix, total solids, etc.
Manage technical development projects focusing on product development, process and product care to help Chobani improve and launch more innovative food and beverage products
Lead and document development projects all the way from conceptualization to commercialization – this includes budget and target within certain time constraints
Communicate project requirements and recommendations as well as status to internal customers and external stake holders
Lead, assist and work directly with plant processing and production personnel to ensure trial runs an start-up operations are properly performed
The requirements of this position include:
Minimum M.S. Food Science or related degree is preferred
7+ years of food industry experience required, dairy and/or dairy alternatives is preferred
People management experience in technical function would be preferred
Extensive ingredient (stabilizers and fortification), flavor development and product stability knowledge
Background in process and product development and commercialization of food processes is required
Proven track record of leading product development projects including timeline development / management, testing / trials, operational launches and scale
Familiarity with basic research tools and statistical analysis
Comfortable with ambiguity and are energized by the process of building something from the ground up
Innate curiosity for understanding complex food systems from a physical and chemical perspective
Maintain clean & safe manufacturing environment within all facilities
Excellent written and verbal communication
Must be a self-starter able to work in a fast-paced environment and handle multiple projects/tasks at any given time
Willingness to travel (10-20%)
About Us:

Since our founding over 10 years ago, we’ve always been a different kind of company. After moving to New York from his native Turkey, our CEO Hamdi Ulukaya found that in America, yogurt just wasn’t as delicious or widely available as it was back home. He thought everyone deserved better options, so he set about making delicious, nutritious, natural, and accessible Greek Yogurt right here in the U.S.

Our mission since day one has been to provide better food to more people. And now as the No. 1-selling Greek Yogurt brand in America and the second largest overall yogurt manufacturer, we believe every food maker has a responsibility to provide people with better options, which is why we’re so proud of the way our food is made.

Our food philosophy of crafting quality products with simple ingredients is what makes Chobani a different kind of yogurt. Our belief that business done right has the ability to change lives and strengthen communities is what makes Chobani a different kind of company. From the way we source our ingredients to how we treat our employees, Chobani strives to make universal wellness happen sooner with everything we do. Certified as a Great Place to Work®, our culture is built on shared passion, dedication, and a commitment to doing what is right. Together, the Chobani family has created something unlike what any company has done before. The possibilities are endless.

Chobani is an equal opportunity employer. Chobani will not discriminate against any applicant for employment on any basis including, but not limited to: race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, military and/or veteran status, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics and genetic information, or any other classification protected by federal, state and local laws.
