Meridian Knowledge Solutions, LLC, is the leading provider of enterprise, web-based learning management software. Meridian s powerful yet easy-to-use solutions are leveraged by organizations dedicated to building world-class learning enterprises inspired and focused on delivering exceptional results. Meridian s software is being used by some of the world s largest, most successful organizations, including Fortune 500 companies and government agencies. The company is headquartered in Reston, VA. For additional information about Meridian Knowledge Solutions, visit www.meridianks.com. Meridian is seeking a Data Scientist to work onsite in Washington DC. The Data Scientist will work with the International Finance Corporations IT Group to implement the new Machine Learning platform. Responsibilities On-site expert level Data Scientist, with expert level Machine Learning experience on cloud, preferably experience with Cloud. Build Data Science Platform to enable Machine Learning Implementation of the Machine Learning Project for IFC s Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) function. Implementation will occur with defined agile teams following a Scrum approach, with time-boxed sprints of 2 weeks each, during which design, buildconfiguration, and testing will occur. Ceremonies of Sprint Planning, Daily Scrum, Sprint Review, Sprint Retrospective, and Backlog refinements will be facilitated by a Scrum Master All resources will report to the Client Project Manager and Meridian Program Manager Requirements Federal government TSSCI with active Poly andor willingness to get full scope poly Prior experience of working with large scale enterprise project. Strong analytical and problem-solving skillset Strong interpersonal skills Demonstrate ability to work effectively across IT functions and business lines Excellent verbal and written communication skills and a proven ability to interact professionally with a diverse group High level of initiative with a proven ability to work independently Acquaintance in full DevOps and CICD concepts. Prior experience in working with Agile projects, ability to adapt to the change and work in fast moving project. Familiarity with relational databases, and performing complex queries Proficiency in systems and data analysis and modeling in Computer Science, Engineering or Management Information Systems or other related fields This job operates in an office setting which incurs moderate noise consistent with a business office. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines. This is a largely sedentary role however, some physical attributes are required, for instance, manual dexteritytyping, read, count and write to accurately complete all documentation, the ability to lift up to 25 lbs. as well as, ability to climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
