Job
Summary
Apply several forms of statistical modeling approaches to predict and/or
optimize desired analytical objectives from key business stakeholders. Perform
data preparation, statistical model framework design, testing, implementation,
and ongoing performance monitoring. Prepare comprehensive model documentation
that meet internal, external and regulatory standards. Support Credit,
Marketing and other business line operations by solving complex quantitative
business problems. Execute various ad hoc quantitative and statistical software
programming assignments. Communicate
meaningful insights into data and model results to senior and executive management
in a non-technical manner. Requires working at a highly technical, analytical
and detail-oriented level.

Key Result Areas

· Organizing

· Analysis

· Accuracy

· Time Management

· Reporting

· Problem Solving

· Customer Service

· Regulation and
Compliance

· Collaboration

· Research

· Other Technical
Skills

Job Accountabilities

· Perform data
preparation, statistical model framework design, estimation, performance and
diagnostic testing, implementation, and ongoing monitoring to predict and/or
optimize desired objectives from business stakeholders.

·
Prepare comprehensive model
documentation that meet internal, external and regulatory standards.

· Execute various ad hoc
quantitative and statistical software programming assignments.

· Communicate meaningful insights
into data and model results to senior and executive management in a
non-technical manner.

·

Research
and deploy new statistical techniques and statistical software programming
languages.

Associated Bank is an equal opportunity employer committed to
creating a diverse workforce. We support a work environment where colleagues
are respected and given the opportunity to perform to their fullest potential.
We consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, religion, color,
sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or
veteran status, among other factors. Applicants with a disability who need
assistance applying for a position with Associated Bank are asked to email:
colleaguecare@AssociatedBank.com or call: (800) 878-3282.

Education

·
Bachelor's Degree Statistics, Applied Economics, or Mathematics,
Required

Experience

·
2-4 years Quantitative modeling experience, Required

Skills

·
Analytical , Intermediate

·
Microsoft Office , Intermediate

·
Mathematical , Intermediate

·
Operate Office Equipment , Beginner

·
Verbal Communication , Intermediate

·
Written Communication , Intermediate

· Computer Systems
(specify) SAS, R, Python, and SQL, Intermediate

Compliance
Statement
Fully complies with all applicable enterprise policies and procedures. Acts in
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations as outlined in training
materials, including but not limited to Bank Secrecy Act. Responsible for
reporting suspicious activity to Financial Intelligence. Responsible to report
all customer complaints as prescribed and procedure violations to management or
HR. Responsible to report ethical concerns as needed to Associated’s anonymous
Ethics Hotline.
