Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 286 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

This role offers a unique opportunity to innovate and improve PayPal’s Data Science capabilities for Global Customer Operations.

Job Description:

PayPal’s Global Data Sciences team is responsible for developing and enhancing machine learning and data mining capabilities, which are key in PayPal’s top-of-the-line data-driven decisions. We are a group of data scientists and problem solvers with strong analytical, mathematical, and programming skills and like to approach various kinds of challenges in complex environments. This role offers a unique opportunity to innovate and improve PayPal’s Data Science capabilities for Global Customer Operations, such as NLP and chatbot.
Design, develop and implement advanced predictive models using advanced data mining and machine learning techniques
Collaborate with other data scientists and engineers to formulate innovative solutions to experiment and implement advanced data mining techniques
Work with large volumes of data; extract and manipulate large datasets using standard tools such as Python, Hadoop, R, SQL and SAS
Analyze data covering a wide range of information from user profile to transaction history. Identify new customer behavior patterns through data mining
Communicate complex concepts and the results of the analyses in a clear and effective manner through creative visualization
Qualification:
Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in science or engineering field. Level will be determined based on experience.
Expertise developing natural language processing/understanding algorithms/models required.
Expertise applying deep learning techniques to NLP/U problems required including thorough knowledge of the theory and practice of NLP and deep-learning techniques.
Data Mining experience in Python, R, H2O, Scala and/or other Big Data techniques. Familiar with various Machine Learning algorithms and Statistical methods
Ability to deal with a large amount of data and fluency with SQL or SQL-like tools
Strong problem solving and communication skills
Passion in working on big data and professional experience in data mining, statistical analysis, predictive modeling, and data manipulation
Data Science experience in Customer Services is a strong plus
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
