Data Science

Charlotte, NC

12-month W2 Contract
Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions.
Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels.
Develop and test heuristics
Create, train, test, run and refine models
Perform data exploration and data mining
Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data.
Responsibilities:

Partner with Business Clients, establish professional relationship, and communicate with analytics clients in order to understand business needs. Frame Problems with Stakeholder, research and construct problem frames in order to understand the analysis context and scope that will provide timely, useful results. Work in Project Teams and participate in multidisciplinary analytics project teams. Interview Subject Matter Experts, plan and conduct individual interviews with experts to gain valid information and data needed for analysis. Communicate results to Decision Makers, explain the results and conclusions of the analytics process in both written, visual, and oral presentation formats. Create recommendations that are practical, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data. This role will also
Identify unique opportunities to collect new data.
Design new processes and build large, complex data sets.
Strategize new uses for data and its interaction with data design.
Locate new data sources, analyze statistics and implement quality procedures.
Perform data studies of new and diverse data sources.
Find new uses for existing data sources.
Conduct statistical modeling and experiment design.
Develop, test, validate and refine predictive models to optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, operational effectiveness, marketing success and other business outcomes.
Build web prototypes and performs data visualization.
Conduct scalable data research on and off the cloud.
Implement automated processes for efficiently producing scale models.
Design, modify and build new data processes.
Generate algorithms and create computer models.
Collaborate with database engineers and other scientists.
Implement new or enhanced software designed to access and handle data more efficiently
Train the data services center team on new or updated procedures
Basic/Required Qualifications
Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems.
3-5 Years of prior equivalent work related experience in addition to a degree
Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling.
Working knowledge of code writing
Working knowledge of business intelligence tools
Desired Qualifications
Strong critical thinking skills and the ability to relate them to the products or services the company is producing.
Understanding of and ability to use programming languages like Python and SQL (Structured Query Language)
Strong knowledge of basic and advanced prediction models.
Data mining knowledge that spans a range of disciplines.
Strong exploratory analysis skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to bridge the gap between data science and business management.
Exceptional organizational skills and is detail oriented.
Competency in statistics, machine learning, algorithms and advanced mathematics.
Job Type: Contract

Experience:
Data Science: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
