Wave6, an Emtec company, innovates with cutting-edge technologies, like Salesforce.com, to help transform mid-size to enterprise organizations by introducing creative solutions. We have a company culture that encourages innovation, collaboration, and that encourages all resources to push the limits on creative solutions for our clients. Our partnership with Salesforce focuses on expanding the platform from Digital Mobile Solutions to the new Wave Analytics offering!! Our team has continued opportunities to learn new skills and grow professionally and we offer competitive benefits and rewards. We are a trusted partner to many household named companies such as General Electric, Home Depot, Weather Channel, NBC, Mesirow Financial, Dominos, LinkedIn and many more. Join our team!



Position Description

The Salesforce Analytics Consultant will collaborate with clients and internal team members to design and implement customized solutions for our clients’ business problems using the Salesforce Analytics Cloud platform. This role is part of the Wave6 Salesforce Analytics Cloud team. Wave6 is one of the pioneer partners recognized by Salesforce as a leader in this exciting space. The role will include strong interaction with Sales and the Analytics Strategy teams. The ideal candidate will be a detail-oriented self-starter with a team player attitude who is passionate about telling stories with data.

Key Responsibilities:
Serve as a trusted advisor to clients by leading conversations to understand, interpret, and document analytics business challenges and needs
Create wireframes for Einstein Analytics dashboards and other analytic solutions
Design and develop dashboards and datasets that address client requirements
Ability to articulate requirements for data integration needs
Develop and provide guidance on implementation best practices
Review and correct project direction, approach and key artifacts to keep programs on track and solutions extensible and maintainable going forward
Work closely with developers and QA resources to ensure that the built solution meets client requirements
Draft functional and technical documentation related to the analytics solution
Present recommendations and solutions to client leadership
Cultivate positive internal and external relationships to build client credibility as an analytics professional
Contribute to the Wave6 library of assets to support analytic solution delivery
Stay up-to-date on Salesforce analytics technologies and industry best practices through a combination of attention workshops/training and self-study
Wave6 projects require moderate travel from time to time with a healthy balance of remote and onsite client interaction. Anticipate a maximum of 25% travel over the course of a year.

Preferred Location: Midwest but open to candidates across USA and Canada as most client work is in the U.S. or Canada.

Must Have Skills:
3+ years working with traditional Business Intelligence tools to generate analytics on a variety of data sources (Salesforce Einstein Analytics, Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, SAS, etc.)
2+ years experience with Salesforce
Thorough understanding of the fundamentals of analytics
Hands-on experience in analyzing data, identifying trends and building visualizations
Ability to discover business requirements and translate them into technical requirements suitable for development of an analytical solution
Experience with agile methodologies
Proven ability to clean and transform data in preparation for analysis
Ability to manage priorities and be self-motivated
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Salesforce Einstein Analytics including dataset creation, dataflow modeling, and dashboard design
Experience with key areas of enterprise architecture, including integration technologies, single sign on, and master data management.
Experience with SQL, SAQL, R, Python, or JSON
Understanding of the Salesforce security model and Einstein Analytics security requirements
Professional Skills:
A particular desire to continually study new technologies and functionality, as well as be involved in projects that push the capabilities of existing technologies
Strong communication skills, both written and verbal including the ability to effectively develop materials that are appropriate for the audience and evangelize best practices
Strong presentation skills including the ability to effectively present and defend point of view to a variety of audiences
Enthusiastic, professional, and confident personality, with a focus on customer success
Ability to work independently and be a self-starter
Wave6, an Emtec Company, is an Equal Opportunity Employer

US / Canadian citizens and those authorized to work in the US / Canada are encouraged to apply
