Galileo is looking for a Product Data Analyst to leverage data and analytics that will enable tracking of key performance indicators within a robust business intelligence framework.

Galileo is building the future of healthcare - today. Using innovative mobile technology and human-centered design, we're looking to improve the quality and affordability of medical care for all -- including those with Medicare and Medicaid.

Based in NYC, our company is founded by a successful entrepreneur (One Medical, Epocrates), led by a top-notch team, and well-funded from some of the best investors in the country. We seek curious, talented, team-oriented individuals with a diverse set of backgrounds who ultimately want to make a difference.

What You'll Do

This is a rare opportunity to harmonize disparate data and improve healthcare in an innovative provider-based organization. Specifically, you will:
Help extend, maintain, and document our digital analytics infrastructure in Looker
Analyze utilization of our applications and segment users
Construct dashboards and other reporting tools to help our end users perform their roles more effectively
Collaborate with internal Operations teams to understand their business needs and proactively suggest / build solutions leveraging data and analytics
Collaborate with engineering resources to ensure key projects are completed on time and budget
Who You Are

We'd love to hear with you if you have:
2+ years experience with digital product analytics
Experience with SQL and analytics tools (e.g. Excel, SAS, R, or Python/pandas)
Experience with Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Looker, Birst, Pentaho)
Bachelor's degree or higher in Mathematics, Statistics, computer science, or similar field
A desire to make a difference and be a part of something meaningful
How We Hire

Galileo is committed to hiring the best talent from a range of backgrounds and experiencesincluding but not limited togender, ethnic, political, economic, religious, sexual orientation, and other personality traits. We believe in a strong culture that fosters teamwork, excellence and sound decision-making one that is based on mutual respect and trust. We appreciate candidates who are open and honest about what they're looking for so we can ensure it's a fit on both sides.
