About Us

Simple Health is on a mission to reduce unnecessary doctor visits and save patients time and money. Come be part of a bright and passionate team that loves to solve hard problems and seeks to drive down spiraling healthcare costs.

We have a diverse culture rooted in honesty and transparency, and we know that each voice matters.

We strive to ensure that everyone has a healthy work-life balance, with a minimum vacation policy, work-from-home, flexible scheduling, and paid parental leave. Teammates are encouraged to continue learning, both in their specialty and within their other interests. Growth is not confined to job descriptions, with active encouragement to try other roles within the organization.

About the Role

Reporting to the Director of Finance, youll be responsible for helping people across the company understand how the business and their specific areas of responsibility are performing. This role will be highly cross-functional. Youll get an understanding for KPIs across customer service, operations, marketing, product and finance. Youll have an opportunity to interact with team leads, informing their strategic decisions with the reporting that you provide.

Job responsibilities include but aren't limited to
Build and maintain the models and dashboards in our BI platform - Looker
Drive strategic decisions across the organization through careful analysis of KPIs and results
Develop automated and advanced reporting for individual team needs
Help team leads set benchmarks for monthly and quarterly goals
Collaborate with our engineering team to ensure we have access to the data we need
About you

While you certainly enjoy diving into data to glean insights nobody else has seen, you pride yourself on your ability to communicate complicated findings to anyone who will listen. Youre naturally curious and prefer to back up any speculation with cold hard data. A few of the following are also probably true:
2-4 years of experience writing SQL and working with BI platforms
Advanced SQL skills - any knowledge of R or scripting languages is a bonus
A quantitative degree (Econ, Math etc)
Powered by JazzHR
