Overview


The Data Engineering Lead manages the design and build of modern analytics environments that comprise of raw data stores (data lakes) and cleansed data repositories by batch or streaming data pipelines. The Data Engineering Lead creates a robust, sustainable and flexible design and leads the technical delivery using Agile delivery frameworks like Scrum or Kanban. Should be a proven leader and mentor skilled at enabling and serving the development team.

Responsibilities
Developing and managing data processes to ensure that data is available and usable
Creation and automation of data pipelines and platforms
Managing and monitoring data quality via automated testing frameworks (Data Driven Testing, TDD, etc.)
Working closely with Architects, Data Scientists, and DevOps to design, build, test, deliver, and maintain sustainable and highly scalable data solutions
Researching data acquisition and evaluating suitability
Integration of data management solutions into client environment
Actively managing risks to data and ensuring there is a data recovery plan
Qualifications
7+ years relevant professional work experience.
Minimum of 5 years of hands on development experience in a technical role.
Explaining technical concepts in a business value context.
Technically savvy, entrepreneurial spirit who thrives in environments that reward self-initiative and resourcefulness.
Experience and expertise in the following:
Creating robust and extensible data pipelines for production systems
Use of cloud platforms, preferably AWS
Creating secure, performant, and well-modeled data stores
Common analytical platform architectural patterns (Star Schema, data integration patterns, ABAC, data quality frameworks etc.)
Data lake design patterns and technology options (schema on read, metadata capture, search framework)
Use of scripting languages, preferably Python
Source code version control management using git
Experience using NoSQL (e.g. Mongo, Neo4j) databases and data structures.
Excellent communication skills to be able to interact directly with non-technical client stakeholders and act in a business-to-technical translation role.
Experience working in an onsite client technical consulting environment preferred.
Experience working within Agile Frameworks, such as Scrum or Kanban.
About Excella


Excella is a leading provider of Agile software development and data and analytics solutions to clients in the federal, commercial and non-profit sectors. We believe that great work leads to great things –- our experts measure success by the positive impact we make on our clients, community, and colleagues. We are growing fast and need passionate, innovative people who love working with technology and are ready to make an impact.

Here's what you can expect from us:
You'll work with great people who love what they do: our team includes published authors, certified trainers, and internationally renowned speakers.
We have a "bring your own device" workplace and will share the cost of a new computer of your choice -- Mac or PC. It's up to you.
We'll invest in your career by providing 3 days of paid professional development every year, including travel and registration fees to attend classes and conferences, in addition to tuition assistance for degrees and certifications.
Starting day one, every employee is bonus eligible and receives 15 days of paid vacation, 6 federal holidays, and 4 floating holidays.
You can bike, drive, or metro to work -- our commute reimbursement plan has you covered.
You'll have fun! We hold monthly social events all year long, including a summer event for you and your family.
Excella is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
