THE COMPANY

MCR is the trusted leader in integrated program management solutions. Since 1977, we have provided objectivity, smart thinking and the highest levels of support to help our clients get the job done, and done right. Our vast experience and knowledgeable people are our greatest assets. Their subject matter expertise, commitment to excellence and the high quality of their work, combined with our full suite of services, allows our clients to accomplish their missions and support national priorities. Our corporate values are based on integrity, excellence, honesty, service and trust. It is through these values that we form long-term client partnerships, build expertise, and attract and retain talented employees. For more information about MCR, LLC career opportunities, please visit www.mcri.com.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES

NATO established Headquarters Supreme Allied Commander Transformation (HQ SACT) in Norfolk, VA, in 2003 to lead transformation efforts and improve military capabilities to meet 21st century security and defense requirements. This work encompasses the need to enhance the Alliance's ability to apply a comprehensive approach to the conduct of future operations and engagement with partners, NATO's interaction with non-NATO entities that include states, non-state actors and international and non-governmental organizations.

Pursuant to the decision by the North Atlantic Council to implement the NATO Command Structure Adaptation, ACT has developed a Strategic Alternatives Branch (SALT). The Branch provides the Commander with alternative ideas derived through the extensive use of data science and analytics that exist outside NATO's conventional processes in the service of Warfare Development.

The scope of this work is to drive improvements to the quality of NATO's situational awareness, risk assessment, strategy, and decision making over the mid- to long-term horizon through the application of data science and analytics to improve organizational performance throughout the Alliance.

The basic job responsibilities are to contribute to the development of new strategic products and urgent and emerging work strands with a focus on:
Providing technical expertise regarding the application of data science and analytics to strategic alternatives
Using various statistical techniques to identify patterns within large data sets to make predictions and enterprise-oriented suggestions
Utilize predictive modeling to increase and optimize the effects of Warfare Development
Provide alternative advice to the Supreme Allied Commander Transformation (SACT) in the form of reports and briefings.
Serve as the clearinghouse for all Strategic Plans and Policy Division-related Data Science efforts.
Making predictions based on data science by working alongside key stakeholders across the NATO Enterprise to develop and execute data-science strategies over the long-term including both strategies for data science, (e.g., how to scale the use of data science in support of every level of decision-making) and strategies informed by data science, (e.g., the use of data science to support the development and translation of policy between NATO HQ and the NATO Command Structure).
Previous NATO Experience Is Not Required

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Two years (minimum) professional experience in the area of data science, including providing analysis and advice, since 2010.
Degree in a field related to data science (post-2010) such as data science, data analytics, mathematics, software engineering, or programming. Alternatively, a degree in a related field with a minimum of two years of demonstrable activity in a data science community, e.g., Kaggle, may suffice.
Experience on a major joint or international military staff that includes warfare development at the strategic level.
Expertise (since 2010) in one or more of the following data science fields: hardware support, programming, visualization, mathematics.
Familiarity (since 2010) in the data science best practices of applied mathematics or programming.
Experience (since 2010) in working on data science teams, preferably at the start-up stage.
Experience in working in the infusion of data science-related insights into policy and guidance at the strategic level, either in government, private, or non-profit sectors.
Published work in the field of data science within the last five years is desired but not required.
Experience in global affairs beyond NATO's traditional or functional expertise, i.e., beyond Europe or military affairs is desired buy not required.
Experience in alternative analysis or red-teaming efforts is desired but not required.
Active US Secret / NATO Secret security clearance.
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER

MCR, LLC is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Ref: 4369
