Berkeley Lab’s, Joint Genome Institute (JGI) is looking for a Data Scientist with a strong background in bioinformatics/genomics, data mining/analysis, and software development, to join the outstanding team working on the frontier of genomic analysis – last year we processed 43 TBases of sequences from Illumina, PacBio and Nanopore instruments, relying on 700,000-core NERSC computing cluster.

The successful candidate will be performing thorough quality analysis of DNA sequence data from various sequencing instruments; under broad supervision, developing software, algorithms and automated processes (pipelines) to filter, integrate and evaluate large genomic datasets from multiple sources including genome assembly; and provide technical and analytical interpretation of data.

What You Will Do:
Perform quality analysis of sequence data and assist others in interpretation of analyzed data.
Define quality metrics for assessing library and sequencer performance.
Independently and proficiently utilize genome assembly and analysis software.
Provide high quality data to collaborators.
Provide clear and concise professional reports and present technical and analytical status in meetings.
How You Will Do It:
Learn, use, develop and improve new tools to analyze raw sequencer data. Analyze the impact of process, hardware or software changes on production line performance. Work closely with scientists and production staff to improve production line quality. Troubleshoot complex system and data analysis. Provide feedback on the improvement of the library construction and sequencing procedures.
Use, design and build new tools to analyze assembled sequences of various research projects. Quantitatively evaluate assembly results and use to improve genome assembly methods and performance
Provide technical input to implement new sequence analysis pipelines.
Produce high quality documentation for newly developed software and approaches.
Contribute to publications on experimental data generated by the new sequencing approaches.
What is Required:
B.S. in Physics, Statistics, Bioinformatics, Computer Science or a related field and at least 5 years of experience in bioinformatics or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience with the collection, recording and analysis of experimental data.
Proficiency with programming languages including Python, R, C/C , Java or others in a Unix environment.
Experience with distributed computing.
Demonstrated experience processing large volumes of data.
Demonstrated experience applying statistics to analyze large biological datasets.
Demonstrated analytical skills sufficient to troubleshoot complex systems and data analysis problems and make recommendations.
Expertise with DNA sequencing, genome assembly and data analysis.
Demonstrated knowledge and experience with standard bioinformatics methods and tools, including sequencing databases.
Strong organizational and record-keeping skills.
Effective oral and written communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to work independently and as a team member in a diverse team environment.
Ability to handle multiple tasks in parallel while working on a large number of projects.
Ability to follow laboratory safety guidelines.
Additional Desired Qualifications:
Some experience with database structure and management.
Experience applying machine learning, pattern recognition, or modeling to scientific problems.
Experience with Jupiter Notebooks
Experience in a multi-disciplinary scientific or production environment.
The posting shall remain open until the position is filled.

Notes:
This is a 2 year term appointment with the possibility of extension or conversion to Career appointment based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs.
Full-time, M-F, exempt (monthly paid) from overtime pay.
This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment.
Work will be primarily performed at: Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA.
Learn About Us:

JGI & Berkeley Lab: A View to Fuel Innovative Science in the Public Interest

They say it’s all about location and Berkeley Lab has it all: a view above the San Francisco Bay, cool breezes, and world-class multidisciplinary science within a diverse and respectful research ecosystem of 5,000 people. Nearly 90 years ago, Ernest Orlando Lawrence, the inventor of the cyclotron, brought physicists, biologists, engineers and mathematicians together in Berkeley above the University of California campus to tackle the most urgent scientific challenges. Today, after garnering 13 Nobel Prizes, Berkeley Lab has sustained and grown that tradition of open, interdisciplinary team science, exemplified by how the U.S. Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute (JGI) addresses the most pressing energy and environmental challenges using integrative genome science approaches. JGI takes up residence in the new, state-of-the-art Integrative Genomics Building (IGB) along with the U.S. Department of Energy Systems Biology Knowledgebase (KBase) to expand the frontiers of energy and environmental science in partnership with the worldwide community of researchers. Will you join us and be a critical part of our next ground-breaking discoveries?

Berkeley Lab (LBNL) addresses the world’s most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab’s scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science.

Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab- Click Here.

Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click here to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law.
