University of
Colorado | CU Anschutz Medical Campus

Office of Vice
Chancellor for Health Affairs

Senior IT
Professional – Data Scientist

Position #
00002668 – Requisition #18608

* Applications are accepted electronically ONLY at www.cu.edu/cu-careers *

The
University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus seeks individuals with
demonstrated commitment to creating an inclusive learning and working
environment. We value the ability to engage effectively with students, faculty
and staff of diverse backgrounds.

VCHA
has an opening for a full-time University
Staff (unclassified) Data Scientist position.

The
University of Colorado Anschutz Medical Campus is a public education, clinical
and research facility serving 4,500 students, and a world-class medical
destination at the forefront of life-changing science, medicine, and
healthcare. CU Anschutz offers more than 42 highly rated degree programs
through 6 schools and colleges, and receives over $500 million in research
awards each year. We are the single largest health professions education
provider in Colorado, awarding nearly 1,450 degrees annually. Powered by our
award-winning faculty, renowned researchers and a reputation for academic
excellence, the CU Anschutz Medical Campus drives innovation from the classroom
to the laboratory to the delivery of unparalleled patient care. Read CU Anschutz
Quick Facts here.

Senior Professionals are
responsible for exercising discretion, analytical skill, personal
accountability and responsibility in a wide range of areas including academic,
administrative, managerial and student services functions. Work involves
creating, integrating, applying and sharing knowledge directly related to a
professional field. Work is performed
fully independently.

Examples of Work Preformed
Define,
manage, and execute on data science development process using various tools and
technologies, including Google Cloud Platform products and applications for:
scope hypothesis formation; data mining, cleaning, and preparation; feature
selection; model implementation, validation, and iteration; identifying various
data sources.
Lead
and support predictive modeling, machine learning, and deep learning
algorithms, statistical analysis, and data analytics application to provide
data analysis insights to researchers and promote additional scientific
discovery
Work
with teams of data engineers, software engineers, and architects to understand
and analyze multiple healthcare-related data sets including clinical, genomic,
and claims
Educate
researchers and project team with data science methods and analysis to promote
impactful research questions and solutions
Develop
data analysis results summary reports. Telecommuting is available for this
position. If telecommuting, travel to HQ required approximately 60 days per
year.
This description is a
summary only and is describing the general level of work being performed, it is
not intended to be all-inclusive. The duties of this position may change from
time to time and/or based on business need. We reserve the right to add or
delete duties and responsibilities at the discretion of the supervisor and/or
hiring authority.

Minimum
Qualifications
Master’s degree in Computer Science,
Business Administration with Emphasis in Business Analytics, Information
Systems, or related
3 years experience including experience as: IT Senior Professional, ETL Developer, Database Architect, Data Analyst, Applications
Engineer, Software Engineer or related, which must include some experience with
developing custom code
for data manipulation with Python; programming, scripting, and database
languages and tools (SQL, PL/SQL, Java, Unix and Windows shell, R, SAS, C/C );
healthcare data models (Epic Clarity, Epic Caboodle, OMOP); AI and machine
learning algorithms, cloud technologies and tools (Google Cloud, AWS); and
normalized and dimensional data modeling.
Salary
and Benefits:

Salary is negotiable and commensurate with skills
and experience.

Your total compensation goes beyond the number on
your paycheck. The University of Colorado provides generous leave, health plans
and retirement contributions that add to your bottom line.

Benefits: https://www.cu.edu/employee-services/benefits

Total Compensation Calculator: http://www.cu.edu/node/153125

Diversity
and Equity:

The University
will provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities
throughout the employment application process. To request an accommodation
pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act, please contact the Human
Resources ADA Coordinator at hr.adacoordinator@ucdenver.edu.

The University of
Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus is
committed to recruiting and supporting a diverse student body, faculty and
administrative staff. The university strives to promote a culture of
inclusiveness, respect, communication and understanding. We encourage
applications from women, ethnic minorities, persons with disabilities and all
veterans. The University of Colorado is committed to diversity and equality in
education and employment.

The University of
Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus is
dedicated to ensuring a safe and secure environment for our faculty, staff,
students and visitors. To assist in achieving that goal, we conduct background
investigations for all prospective employees.
