About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is the leading provider of precision oncology solutions for biopharma and healthcare, leveraging the largest collection of research-grade Real-world Data and the only broadly deployed oncology-specific AI solutions. Our mission is to improve translational sciences; accelerate therapeutic clinical development; and provide new capabilities for post-approval studies to accelerate needed new medical innovations to patients and to improve patient outcomes.
ConcertAI has emerged as one of the highest growth technology companies in Real-world Data and AI, backed by industry leading private equity companies: SymphonyAI, Declaration Partners, Maverick Ventures, and Alliance|Bernstein.

Role Summary

As a Deployed Data Scientist at ConcertAI you will work closely with our customers to understand their needs, evangelize ConcertAI data capabilities, and perform a range of data exploration, feasibility analysis, and project work in support of our client relationships. You should have a good mix of programming/CS skills and have background in supporting life sciences / healthcare customers in a customer-facing capacity. You will work closely with research scientists, business development, and other data scientists to assist on client data delivery, client management, and various deliverables built on clinical and claims data. This role reports to the Vice President of Data Products.
Responsibilities
Understand client / product needs and translate them into tactical R&D initiatives.
Run feasibilities and query the data to support day-to-day questions of the data.
Share client feedback with key internal stakeholders.
Reason about healthcare specific problems to analyze visualize, interpret, and contextualize results.
Run a variety of analytics from data QA to complex models.
Learn from our ML/AI team on the underlying methodology deployed in client-facing models.
Collaborate on software projects with engineers, providing analytical guidance and contributing to codebase.
Requirements
BSc or higher in a STEM field, with formal training in CS, stats, and math.
Strong programming abilities in at least one high level language (python, stata, R).
Knowledge of statistical methods- regression, ANOVA, EDA, PCA, etc.
Basic visualization skills- matplotlib/seaborn/plotly/etc, tableau.
Experience with big data – Cloud data warehouses, cluster computing, Spark, MapReduce/Hadoop.
Advanced visualization skills- interactive custom visualizations in d3.js, plotly, etc.
Learn More About ConcertAI

ConcertAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high-performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about ConcertAI at www.concertai.com or on LinkedIn .
