Site Name: Richmond Sherwood
Posted Date: May 4 2020

The Development Associate Scientist supports new product development by executing formulations and/or providing analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, considering scientific and timing objectives. This individual would have various levels of involvement in the development of conventional and non-conventional solid, semi-solid, liquid, and other formulations.

Key Responsibilities


This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:

Execution Powerhouse
Contributes to one or more projects in support of Brand Innovation strategy.
Exercises a wide degree of technical sophistication in accomplishing assigned objectives.
Carries out experiments and scientific work under the guidance of a senior scientist with an awareness of state-of-the-art technology.
Ensures all work is conducted in accordance with written procedures (e.g. quality and safety), methods & batch documents, etc.
Implements written procedures (e.g. quality and safety), methods & batch documents, etc.
Produces or executes to, departmental quality documentation (including SOPs, batch documentation, validation protocols & reports).
Deliver all EHS standards and expectations on site and within the laboratories
Works with Senior Development Scientists and contractors
Growth Mindset
Completes all training needs and working with manager develop a training plan and achieve training goals.
Trains self and others in new technology and laboratory responsibilities (including coaching, mentoring and elements of personal development).
Consumer and Customer-Obsessed
Supports Consumer Understanding and Sensory scientists to in sample preparation for consumer and sensory research
Data-Driven
Maintains precise experimental records; issues report at project milestones; writes invention records to protect scientific discoveries.
Ensures all work is always conducted following good scientific practice and Good Manufacturing Practice (where required).
Agile
Sets and resets priorities to remain focused on objectives in rapidly changing circumstances.
Takes responsibility for specific equipment in accordance with site procedures.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications
Bachelors degree in chemistry, pharmaceuticals, nutrition, or related science
Ability to apply scientific principles and techniques to assigned projects.
Knowledge of R&D development processes
Demonstrates ability to listen to instructions, take initiative, think and work independently, problem-solve, work effectively in teams, and multitask
An ability to organize and report study data from internal and external sources
Computer literate
Clear communicator in both oral and written form with both internal departments and external organizations.
Flair for creativity and innovation
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture. These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
*LI-GSK

*RichmondConsumerHealthcareR&D

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
