Those who join Emergent BioSolutions feel a sense of ownership about their future. You will excel in an environment characterized by respect, innovation and growth opportunities. Here, you will join passionate professionals who advance their scientific, technical and professional skills to develop products designed-to protect life.

Primary Responsibility

Primarily responsible for evaluating the incoming new projects from downstream process transferred from the research team, working in the Process Development group. Also responsible for conducting lab experiments to complete the project tasks.

Essential Functions
Evaluates, develops and optimizes the process parameters for downstream purification.
Troubleshoots issues related to the process and product and uses DOE to design the experiment and to analyze the results.
Responsible for writing technical reports and transfer the method and work with the clinical with clinical production team to support and generate the SOPs and batch record.
Lab hands on work and scientific and process paper work writing.
Supports investigational new drug (IND) chemistry-manufacturing-control (CMC) section writing. Guide/train junior level associates.
Technical Skills and Knowledge:
Hands on downstream experience is a must
Open-minded and detail oriented is a must
Strong trouble shooting and data analysis skills.
Design of Experiment (DoE) is necessary
Chromatography Purification experience is necessary
Diafiltration/Ultrafiltration experience is necessary
Scale down/scale up knowledge is necessary
Engineering knowledge/hands on experience with equipment troubleshooting is preferred
Filtration experience is a plus
Upstream process knowledge is a plus
Protein chemistry knowledge is a plus
Good aseptic techniques
Good writing skills
Good communication skills
Experience with IND and BLA is preferred
Qualification Requirements:
Minimum of 3 years' relevant industry experience with a M.S degree or 1 years’ experience with Ph.D. degree.
Master or Ph.D of Science/engineering in Biology, chemistry, chemical engineering, or related discipline is preferred
Ability to think creatively in order to solve complex problems
Team member with the desire to include ideas and information from team members in a timely manner in order to draw scientific conclusions
GMP experience is a plus but not required. Candidate with up to date scientific background is a plus
Physical/Mental Demands and Work Environment Characteristics

There are physical/mental demands and work environment characteristics that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. This information is available upon request from the candidate. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform all essential functions.

Travel: 0-15%

Emergent BioSolutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, Protected Veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

Information submitted will be used by Emergent BioSolutions for activities related to your prospective employment. Emergent BioSolutions respects your privacy and any use of the information submitted will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy .

Emergent BioSolutions does not accept non-solicited resumes or candidate submittals from search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list. Unsolicited resumes or candidate information submitted to Emergent BioSolutions by search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list shall become the property of Emergent BioSolutions and if the candidate is subsequently hired by Emergent BioSolutions, Emergent BioSolutions shall not owe any fee to the submitting agency.
