About Strava


Strava is Swedish for "strive," which epitomizes who we are and what we do. We're a passionate and committed team, unified by our mission to connect athletes to what motivates them and help them find their personal best. And with billions of activity uploads from all over the world, we have a humbling and audacious vision: to be the record of the world's athletic activities and the technology that makes every effort count.

Strava builds software that makes the best part of our athletes' days even better. And just as we're deeply committed to unlocking their potential, we're dedicated to providing a world-class, inclusive workplace where our employees can grow and thrive, too. We're backed by Sequoia Capital, Madrone Partners and Jackson Square Ventures, and we're expanding in order to exceed the needs of our growing community of global athletes. Our culture reflects our community – we are continuously striving to hire and engage diverse teammates from all backgrounds, experiences and perspectives because we know we are a stronger team together.

About the role


Over 50 million Strava athletes around the world have uploaded more than 3 billion activities to Strava! We know two of the most meaningful things we do for our athletes are help them build connections with other athletes and increase their motivation to be active. Our data holds the keys to understanding how we can continually be improving on these two fronts and building a more valuable business as a result.

We are looking for an experienced leader to help us unlock the practical applications of our data. You will be responsible for leading a team of analysts, data scientists and machine learning engineers to help set and inform strategies across the company, improve our athlete experience and strengthen Strava's business. This role reports to Strava's VP of Engineering and tightly partners with several others on our leadership team. You will be a member of the groups where key strategic decisions are made including the extended leadership team and the revenue strategy group.

Responsibilities
Contribute to Strava's long-term data strategy as well as short-term priorities at the level of product, engineering, and marketing teams to deliver immediate business value
Motivate and develop a team of top-notch analysts, data scientists, and ML engineers who are engaged by and excited about solving Strava's biggest data challenges and understanding our athlete community better each day
Collaborate with engineering teams to ensure that we're building the infrastructure we need to capture and make our data actionable as the business evolves.
Collaborate with the product and revenue strategy teams to connect athlete needs to product development and business value through analytics and data science
Improve and champion the use of all the tools and processes necessary to enable data-informed decision-making across the organization
Help unlock the full potential of Strava's data for athletes and our business by encouraging a positive relationship with our qualitative research program.
Uncover measurable insights about our global community of athletes, both for internal and external consumption; turn volumes of data into product features, partnership opportunities, and other strategic interests.
Requirements
B.S. in applied computer science, statistics, mathematics or similar technical degree
7-10+ years of experience in data analysis, data science, or other quantitative domains
A minimum of 3+ years of experience in leading and managing high-performing teams
Consistent record of supporting data competencies within organizations
Solid understanding of data science and ML applications within consumer products
Experience working with SQL, Tableau (or other related BI and data exploration tools), event tracking, and experimentation tools.
Excellent oral and written communication skills; polished presenter to executive audiences
A sincere, collaborative, and empathetic personality characterized with a strong inclination to be part of a winning team
Backed by Sequoia Capital, Madrone Partners and Jackson Square Ventures, Strava is expanding in order to exceed the needs of our growing community of global athletes. By joining our team, you will help push Strava forward in fresh, innovative ways. You will engage in interesting and challenging work that will improve the lives of our athletes every day. And in the same way that Strava is deeply committed to unlocking the potential of our athletes, we are dedicated to providing a world-class workplace where our employees can grow and thrive. Join us!

Strava is an equal opportunity employer. In keeping with the values of Strava, we make all employment decisions including hiring, evaluation, termination, promotional and training opportunities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin, ancestry, sexual orientation, physical handicap, mental disability, medical condition, disability, gender or identity or expression, pregnancy or pregnancy-related condition, marital status, height and/or weight.
