Job Description
As a Data Scientist for Engage3, you will bring tremendous innovation to the retail industry by building and delivering the next generation of transformative big data solutions.

You should be able to demonstrate the ability to manage modeling projects, identify requirements and build statistically grounded methodology and tools. You should also have experience collaborating across organizational boundaries.

Responsibilities:
Developing and deploying algorithms and data-driven products, combining advanced modeling techniques and domain expertise
Structured and unstructured data mining using state-of-the-art methods
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data
Maintaining and enhancing internal tools for data analysis
Managing multiple custom projects on short timelines
Fielding critical requests from clients and internal teams (e.g. Sales, Operations) expeditiously and with strong attention to detail.
Work independently and collaboratively as needed, parallel play and be able to take ownership of projects
Deploy high-quality products and projects with clean code, thorough testing, and documentation
Ability to develop mathematical models and optimization algorithms
Qualifications:
Advanced degree (M.S. or Ph.D.) in Engineering, Math, Finance, Computer Science, Physics
OR related industry experience for 2-5 years in production/client-facing environments, with a focus on analytic products and projects with a Bachelors in Engineering, Math, Finance, Computer Science, Physics
Able to write SQL scripts and dialects for analysis and reporting
Experience using one or more programming languages including Python
Experience with Cloud Platforms including AWS
Strong experience in Excel
Experience with big data: processing, filtering, and presenting large quantities (100K to Millions of rows) of data
Manipulate spreadsheets with Python or another scripting language
Experience with Tableau or other visualization tools
Experience with statistical tools (e.g. R) and analysis, regression modeling and forecasting, time series analysis
Experience deploying and integrating into production systems and data-driven products
Strong communication skills and ability to multi-task
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience in advanced machine-learning methodologies including supervised and unsupervised learning
Experience with clustered data processing including Hadoop, Spark, Map-reduce, Hive
Experience using programing languages Scala and Bash
End-to-end experience designing and deploying

Company Description
Engage3 was founded by the creators of KhiMetrics (acquired by SAP), who are credited with inventing the retail price optimization space. Engage3’s leadership team is composed of former KhiMetrics, SAP, Revionics, dunnhumby, KSS Retail, and IBM/DemandTec executives.

Engage3’s Price Image Management SuiteTM helps retailers understand and manage their Price Image and align it with their sales and profitability objectives using predictive modeling. The suite includes Competitive Intelligence Management (CIM) – an AI-assisted, attribute-based, and data science-driven solution that provides accurate, granular competitive data (30 billion product pricing records collected annually in the U.S. and Canada) and like-item-linking visibility. CIM helps retailers reverse-engineer their competitors’ pricing and assortment strategies across channels, markets, and items. Also included in the suite is Price Image Optimization (PIO) – a next generation pricing solution that defines the impact of strategic pricing alternatives and unlocks pricing recommendations based on a retailer’s objectives for Price Image, sales, and profitability.
*If you express interest in this role, please check your filtered emails in case our questionnaires get sent there. The email will come from Engage3-Breezy**.
