Kelly Services has been providing outstanding employment opportunities to the most talented individuals in the marketplace. We are proud to offer a contract temporary opportunity to work as REMOTE Data Scientist (Clinical) at a prestigious Fortune 500® company

Lenght: 3-6 months

Rate: $55 to $64/hour

Data Scientist:- Currently REMOTE Or North Chicago, IL

Responsibilities:
•• Drive the definition, design, implementation and validation of cutting-edge algorithms to analyze disparate data sources to achieve targeted outcomes by leveraging machine-learning approaches, predictive and statistical modeling concepts, clustering and classification techniques • Deliver insights and values from heterogeneous data to investigate complex problems in clinical research
•• Deliver on data-driven research projects through hands-on approach and team effort • Actively listen, integrate input from disparate sources and collaboratively translate medical or business question into data and analysis requirements and validate impact • Drive informed decision-making and present findings to both technical and non-technical audiences
•• Advance socialization of techniques and new technologies throughout the organization • Oversee the ingestion and classification of disparate data sources • Provide technical direction and mentor junior members of the Advanced Analytics team
.
•• MS or Ph.D in statistics, mathematics, computer science or other quantitative disciplines with a statistical component • At least 12 (MS) or 8 (PhD) years of experience working in pharmaceutical / biotech / healthcare industry with at least 5+ years delivering end-to-end “big data” analysis projects
•• Experienced data scientist with advanced hands-on knowledge of R and/or Python • Advanced knowledge of machine learning techniques, predictive modeling, statistical methodologies and visual analytics
•• Ability to effectively interact and influence all levels of management • Strong organizational and communication skills
•• Experience with Hadoop platforms and related “big data” technologies is preferred • Experience working in Cloud Computing environments (e.g., AWS, Azure, etc) is preferred

Apply Now!

This position is recruited for by a remote Kelly office, not your local Kelly branch. To be considered for this position, you must submit your resumes. Thank you for your interest in the assignment.

Also, feel free to follow up via email to RACS113@KELLYSERVICES.COM

.

Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
