Position Information

Position Information

Job Title: Data Engineer Position Number: 2013141055 Department: Information Technology Job Category: Classified Unit A Time (Percent Time): 100% Term (months/year): 12 months/year Current Work Schedule (days, hours): Monday - Friday: 7:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Salary Range: A-126 Salary: Steps 1 - 6: $6,902- $8,810 per month Shift Differential: Shift differential eligibility based on the current collective bargaining agreement Open Date: 12/18/2019 Initial Screening Date: Open Until Filled: Yes Application Procedure:

Complete application packets will be accepted until the position is filled.

Applicants must submit all of the following materials online unless otherwise noted at Mt.SAC Employment Website to be considered for this position:
A Mt. San Antonio College online application.
A cover letter describing how the applicant meets the required education and experience.
A detailed résumé that summarizes educational preparation and professional experience for the position.
Two letters of recommendation that reflect relevant experience (do not use social media or professional networks as a means to provide letters of recommendation).
If applicable, College and/or university transcripts showing the awarded/conferred degree are required and must be submitted with the online application by all applicants, including current or former employees of the college, to demonstrate that the required educational qualifications are met. Unofficial transcripts are acceptable at the time of application; however, copies of diplomas are not accepted in lieu of transcripts.
Health & Welfare:

The College contributes an annual premium up to the family coverage amount for Kaiser Permanente $15 office visit medical, DeltaCare HMO dental, VSP vision and life insurance plans. Lifetime retirement benefits provided for eligible retirees.

The District participates in the Public Employees' Retirement System (PERS), State Teachers' Retirement System (STRS) retirement programs, and National Benefit Services.
Note Salary and Health & Welfare Benefits are subject to change
Basic Function/Overview:

DEFINITION

Under general direction, leads and coordinates day-to-day operations of the Operational Data Store (ODS), Data Warehouse, and all related technologies; analyzes and transforms data into a format that can be easily used by different departments for reporting; collaborates with programmers, Business Analysts, and functional areas in gathering requirements and clarifying their needs for implementation, generation, optimization, and support of their data; provides complex professional staff assistance to the Director, Enterprise Application Systems in areas of expertise.

SUPERVISION RECEIVED AND EXERCISED

Receives general direction from the assigned managerial personnel. Provides coordination and lead work direction to staff.

CLASS CHARACTERISTICS

This is a highly specialized class in the Information Technology (IT) Department that leads a wide variety of technical duties pivotal to the College's Operational Data Store and Data Warehouse. Responsibilities include performing diverse, specialized, and complex work involving significant accountability and decision-making responsibility providing guidance, suggestions, and coordination to the College as it relates to data infrastructure, modeling, data refresh timelines, and operations. Successful performance of the work requires an extensive professional background, as well as skill in leading and coordinating departmental work with that of other College departments. This class is distinguished from Director, Enterprise Application Systems by the latter's management and supervisory authority in planning, organizing, and directing the full scope of enterprise operations within the department.

Essential Duties/Major Responsibilities:

EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS (Illustrative Only)
Provides technical support, analysis, and programming to ensure complete and appropriate use of the College's Operational Data Store and Data Warehouse.
Responds and evaluates ad hoc requests for data, statistical analysis, research projects and studies; prepare requests for processing; arrange and maintain project schedules and timelines; design strategies to complete assignments; analyze and compare a variety of data solutions; make team project recommendations to the manager.
Assists manager to evaluate and respond to requests for complex or original support from within and outside the College; works independently with requestors to clarify their needs and optimize the utility of results.
Reviews user needs and requests and develops proposed solution for usable data design or format for the users' reporting and analysis needs; monitors and tunes report queries and views.
Assists in implementing ways to improve data reliability, efficiency and quality.
Develops, constructs, tests, and maintains Operational Data Store and Data Warehouse architecture.
Discovers opportunities for data acquisition.
Expands the existing schema design to handle new data formats.
Develops and documents Operational Data Store and Data Warehouse standards, scripts, guidelines, and usage procedures; enforces standards for use, control, updates, and maintenance for the Operational Data Store and Data Warehouse environments.
Interacts and coordinates with other IT areas and key end users.
Ensures data models, design, and architecture that are in place support the requirements of the programmers, Business Analysts, researchers, and different functional areas.
Provides guidance on reporting, query or data extraction design, development, and maintenance, including monitoring performance tuning and optimization in queries; Recommends selection of query or reporting tools, methodologies, and procedures for development of reports and views.
Develops data set processes for data modeling, mining, and production; prepares data for use in predictive and prescriptive modeling.
Leverages large volumes of data from internal and external sources to answer reporting needs.
Participates on committees, task forces, and special assignments, including, but not limited to Screening and Selection Committees and affiliated trainings. Prepares and delivers oral presentations related to assigned areas if needed.
Performs other related or lower classification duties as assigned.
Other Duties:

Performs other related duties as assigned.

Knowledge Of:
State-of-the-art information systems as applied to large, complex administrative, or educational organizational environments.
Principles and techniques of computer systems and software architectures.
Operating System (OS)-based platforms.
Programming languages, including but not limited to PL/SQL, SQL, Python, and Shell Scripting.
Database front-end programs such as Microsoft (MS) Access, Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS), and related products.
Data warehousing and techniques.
Principles and concepts of Relational Database Management System (RDBMS), Big Data, and Operational Data Store.
Statistical tools and research methods.
Principles, techniques, and methodologies in project management and leadership.
Business letter writing and record-keeping principles and procedures.
Use, capability, characteristics, and limitations of computer systems and databases
Methods, techniques, and practices of data collection and report writing.
Modern office practices, method, and computer equipment and applications related to the work, including word processing, database, and spreadsheet software.
Techniques for effectively representing the College in contacts with governmental agencies, community groups, and various business, professional, educational, regulatory, and legislative organizations.
Skills and Abilities:
Analyze informational requirements and needs, identify problems, provide technical advice and consultation, and ensure efficient computer system utilization.
Analyze data and develop logical solutions to problems.
Experience with Source code management systems.
Code Debugging and Performance troubleshooting.
Master new technologies quickly; stays abreast of current trends and developments in Operational Data Store, Data Warehouse, and Big Data.
Conduct complex research projects on a wide variety of information technology and database administration topics, evaluate alternatives, make sound recommendations, and prepare effective technical staff reports.
Interpret, explain, and ensure compliance with College policies and procedures.
Establish and maintain a variety of filing, record-keeping, and tracking systems.
Organize and prioritize a variety of projects and multiple tasks in an effective and timely manner; organize own work, set priorities, and meet critical time deadlines.
Use English effectively to communicate in person, over the telephone, and in writing at both technical and functional levels.
Understand scope of authority in making independent decisions.
Review situations accurately and determine appropriate course of action using judgment according to established policies and procedures.
Establish, maintain, and foster positive and effective working relationships with those contacted in the course of work.
Explores and examines data to find hidden patterns.
Tell stories to key stakeholders based on the analysis.
Learns and applies emerging technologies, as necessary, to perform duties in an efficient, organized, and timely manner.
Minimum Qualifications/ Education & Experience:

Equivalent to graduation from a regionally accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in computer science, data science or a related field, and four (4) full time equivalent years of experience in database management including two (2) full time equivalent years of progressive experience as a data analyst, data engineer, or researcher.

Equivalencies: Preferred Qualifications: License(s) & Other Requirements:

The incumbent may periodically be required to travel to a variety of locations. If operating a vehicle, employees must have the ability to secure and maintain a valid California driver's license.

Examination Requirements: Working Environment:

Incumbents work in an office environment with moderate noise levels, controlled temperature conditions, and no direct exposure to hazardous physical substances. Incumbents may interact with staff and/or public and private representatives in interpreting and enforcing departmental policies and procedures.

Physical Demands:

Must possess mobility to work in a standard office setting and use standard office equipment, including a computer; to operate a motor vehicle to visit various College and meeting sites; vision to read printed materials and a computer screen; and hearing and speech to communicate in person and over the telephone. This is primarily a sedentary office classification although standing in and walking between work areas is frequently required. Finger dexterity is needed to access, enter, and retrieve data using a computer keyboard or calculator and to operate standard office equipment. Incumbents in this classification occasionally bend, stoop, kneel, reach, push, and pull drawers open and closed to retrieve and file information. Incumbents must possess the ability to lift, carry, push, and pull materials and objects up to 20 pounds.

Hazards: Conditions of Employment:

Official offers of employment are made by Mt. San Antonio College Human Resources and are made contingent upon Board approval. It is also required that a final offer of employment will only be made after the candidate has successfully been live-scanned and clearance for employment is authorized by Human Resources. Costs for live-scan services shall be borne by the candidate.

Notice to all prospective employees - The person holding this position is considered a 'mandated reporter' under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in Administrative Procedure 3518, titled Child Abuse Reporting, as a condition of employment.

As required by the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act, the Mt. San Antonio Community College Annual Security Report is available here: Mt. SAC Annual Security Report 2017

The person holding this position is considered a 'Responsible Employee' under Title IX of the Educational Amendments Act of 1972 and is required to report to the College's Title IX Coordinator all relevant details reported to him or her about an incident of alleged sexual misconduct including sexual harassment, sexual assault, dating and domestic violence and stalking.

Typing Certificate Requirements: Special Notes:

Please note: A confirmation number will be assigned when your application packet indicates the supplemental questions have been answered and a document has been attached to each required link. Assistance with the online application process is available through the Office of Human Resources at 1100 N. Grand Avenue, Walnut, CA 91789-1399. Human Resources: (909) 274-4225. E-mail: employment@mtsac.edu.

DO NOT include photographs or any demographic information (e.g. D.O.B, place of birth, etc.) on your application or supporting documents.

TRAVEL POLICY: Costs associated with travel in excess of 150 miles one way from residence for the purpose of an interview will be reimbursed up to $500 maximum. Relocation costs will be borne by the successful candidate. Travel reimbursement claims (original receipts) must be submitted no later than 30 days following the interview date.

Foreign Transcripts:

Foreign Transcripts: Transcripts issued outside the United States require a course-by-course analysis with an equivalency statement from a certified transcript evaluation service verifying the degree equivalency to that of an accredited institution within the USA. This report must be attached with the application and submitted by the filing deadline.

Inquiries/Contact:

Human Resources at 1100 N. Grand Avenue, Walnut, CA 91789-1399. Human Resources: (909) 274-4225. E-mail: employment@mtsac.edu.

Selection Procedure:

A committee will evaluate applications, taking into account breadth and depth of relevant education, training, experience, skills, knowledge, and abilities. The screening committee reserves the right to limit the number of interviews granted. Meeting the minimum qualifications for a position does not assure the applicant of an interview.

Interviews may include a writing sample, committee presentation, and/or performance test. The start date will be following Board approval and receipt of live scan clearance.

Special Instructions to Applicants:

To be guaranteed consideration, it is the applicant's responsibility to ensure that all required materials are received before the initial screening date and time indicated on the job posting. Incomplete application packets will not be considered. All application materials will become College property, will not be returned, and will not be copied. Please visit our employment website at Mt. SAC Employment Website to complete and submit your application for this position.

Letters of Recommendation

Confidential letters of recommendation are not accepted for this position. All letters of recommendation must be uploaded to the application.

EEO Policy:

The College is an equal opportunity employer. The policy of the College is to encourage applications from ethnic and racial minorities, women, persons with disabilities, and Vietnam-era veterans. No person shall be denied employment because of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, marital status, sex (gender), age, sexual orientation, or the perception that a person has one or more of these characteristics.

Conflict of Interest

Mt. San Antonio College employees and the Board of Trustees members shall not engage in any employment or activity that is inconsistent with, incompatible with, or in conflict with Mt. San Antonio College's Administrative Procedures (AP 2710 Conflict of Interest, AP 2712 Conflict of Interest Codes).

Cancel RTF Policy:

WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO RE-OPEN, RE-ADVERTISE, DELAY OR CANCEL FILLING THIS POSITION.

THIS RECRUITMENT MAY BE USED TO FILL FUTURE VACANCIES.

Quick Link http://hrjobs.mtsac.edu/postings/7464
