Agency :

Havas Media New York

Job Description Summary :

2020 Havas Media Summer Internship Program - MarTech & Data Consulting

Are you interested in data? Are you curious about the strategy behind data capture? Do you have some web development experience but not interested in a development role?
If so, we would love to connect with you!
Havas Media is the lead agency in the world’s fastest growing media group.
We operate in 144 countries and employ more than 20,000 talented individuals worldwide who specialize in digital, data, content, sports, experiential and more.
We shine as individuals and excel when working together as part of a collaborative force.
Our core strengths here at Havas Media lie in our ability to unite brands and people through meaningful connections and to drive business success.
Our interns come from various backgrounds, with and without Media experience. They bring qualities such as intellectual curiosity, problem-solving skills, determination, and a LOVE for numbers.

Job Description :

Details

The Summer Program is a full-time, 10-week internship that runs June 1st, 2020 – August 7th, 2020.

Students are expected to intern for 40 hours per week with their assigned department and will have the opportunity to work on actual client accounts.

Interns are exposed to a range of clients, projects, and responsibilities. You will be working with a team of talented individuals in Analytics, Media, and Strategy to help drive results for our clients. Your activities will include:

About You
Strategic thinker with technical foundation
HTML, JavaScript, & SQL experience
A general curiosity and interest in marketing, data strategy, & ad/marketing technology
Responsibilities
Tagging implementation on websites through tag management solutions
Data Management Platform (DMP) work such as use case developments, segment creation, and destination mapping
POVs on various topics within the data & technology space that can be useful for internal teams and clients
Strategy around developing tech stacks and the different marketing & ad technology that clients can leverage
Want to get in on the excitement?
Submit a copy of your resume
You must be a rising Senior or Graduate Student.
MUST HAVE knowledge of advanced Excel functions (Pivot tables, v-lookups, etc.)
Skills :

Contract Type :

Intern

Here at Havas across the group we pride ourselves on being committed to offering equal opportunities to all potential employees and have zero tolerance for discrimination. We are an equal opportunity employer and welcome applicants irrespective of age, sex, race, ethnicity, disability and other factors that have no bearing on an individual’s ability to perform their job.

Due to high volume of applications, only eligible or matching candidates will be contacted by us.
