Friday, March 13, 2020

JOB
SUMMARY:

Independently lead the extraction and analysis of health
care data for specific studies and corporate initiatives. Lead data intensive projects and serve as a
technical resource to department staff and management on technical issues; develop
new analyses and reporting metrics to assist management with decision
making. Train and mentor less experienced
staff. Develop and improve automated processes
to increase the efficiency and accuracy of work products.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Initiate and lead data intensive projects; translate quantitative findings into practical insights through the interpretation of data, trends and other sources. Prepare project results or recommendations for a wide range of audiences using written reports and presentation exhibits/graphics.
Perform complex analytical work of health care data. Utilize data to provide insights about customers and prospects to support the growth of various market segments.
Conduct special data extraction and analysis studies. Summarize results and provide recommendations where appropriate.
Design, implement, and maintain various databases as assigned; develop reporting capabilities and ensure data quality and documentation is adequate.
Identify areas where operational efficiency can be improved through enhanced automation. Collaborate with technical staff on implementation of enhancements. Communicate necessary changes and enhancements to all internal/external customers.
Represent the organization at external meetings.
Provide recommendations and input to new contract provisions for performance guarantees. Respond to various Requests for Implementation as requested by marketing staff. Perform special studies as needed.
Perform other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience
Seven to ten years health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience, preferably in the health insurance industry
Preferred Education, Additional Qualifications and
Experience:
Knowledge of applied statistics
Knowledge of econometric modeling
Knowledge of marketing analytic principles and modeling
Experience utilizing competitive intelligence
Background in Actuarial Science
Experience with version control practices.
Fluency in design patterns and application.
Required Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities:
Knowledge of CPT-4 and ICD-9 coding and covered benefits
Understanding of SAS programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools
Knowledge of general mathematical principals
Working knowledge of Business Objects and Windows
Understanding of micro and mainframe computer systems
Ability to mentor, coach and provide guidance to others
Ability to understand, visualize, and code to specification.
Ability to understand requirements and independently interpret and discern needs.
Experience with Auditing data for accuracy and integrity.
Expertise in ANSI SQL methods
Experience with transactional databases
Experience with third normal form database schema design.
Expertise with denormalized database schema design.
Expertise with SAS programming constructs.
Experience with architecting analytical solutions
Understanding of object-oriented principles.
Ability to parse and decipher SAS log output.
Understanding of Claims Data
Understanding of Enrollment and Attribution Data

At Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Rhode Island (BCBSRI), diversity and inclusion are central to our core values and strengthen our ability to meet the challenges of today's healthcare industry. BCBSRI is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. We provide equal opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information and gender identity or expression.
The law requires an employer to post notices describing the Federal laws prohibiting job discrimination based on race, color, sex, national origin, religion, age, equal pay, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, and genetic information and gender identity or expression. Please visit http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf to view the "EEO is the Law" poster.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
