Job Summary


We are searching for a Data Scientist — someone who works well in a fast-paced setting. In this position, you will harness vast amounts of data to optimize business results and exercise knowledge of descriptive, predictive, and multivariate statistical techniques and applications, database analysis tools, and techniques to develop strategic insights to drive business and clinical goals. This role will teach developers, architects, and analysts on how to work effectively with vast quantities of data.

Think you’ve got what it takes?

Responsibilities
Generate and communicate business and clinical insights, using various techniques and understanding the strengths and risks of different approaches to data analysis
Develop algorithms and predictive models to solve critical business problems
Communicate data insights and acts as a data storyteller by translating data analyses into easily-understandable dialogue and terms to influence business decisions or actions
Provide statistical and advanced analytics expertise as needed to data architects, developers, project teams, and leadership team
Estimate times to complete individual tasks and accurately communicate status's on individual assignments and prioritizes to complete tasks on schedule
Participate in the development and maintenance programming activities with management, other Information Services personnel, users, or vendors during all phases of the project life cycle
Qualifications
A master’s degree in mathematics, computer science, statistics, engineering, analytics, life sciences, or a specific healthcare field (such as nursing, pharmacy, respiratory, etc.)
A Ph.D. is preferred
A minimum of 5 years’ experience in data science, data analytics, business analysis, data modeling, statistical analysis, statistical modeling, or machine learning
A Ph.D. may substitute for 2 years of experience
Company Profile


Since 1954, Texas Children’s has been leading the charge in patient care, education and research to accelerate health care for children and women around the world. When you love what you do, it truly shows in the smiles of our patient families, employees and our numerous accolades such as being consistently ranked as the best children’s hospital in Texas, and among the top in the nation by U.S.News & World Report as well as recognition from Houston Business Journal as one of this city’s Best Places to Work for ten consecutive years.

Texas Children’s comprehensive health care network includes our primary hospital in the Texas Medical Center with expertise in over 40 pediatric subspecialties; the Jan and Dan Duncan Neurological Research Institute (NRI); the Feigin Center for pediatric research; Texas Children’s Pavilion for Women, a comprehensive obstetrics/gynecology facility focusing on high-risk births; Texas Children’s Hospital West Campus, a community hospital in suburban West Houston; and Texas Children’s Hospital The Woodlands, the first hospital devoted to children’s care for communities north of Houston. We have also created the nation’s first HMO for children, established the largest pediatric primary care network in the country and a global health program that is channeling care to children and women all over the world. Texas Children’s Hospital is also academically affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine, one of the largest, most diverse and successful pediatric programs in the nation.

To join our community of 14,000+ dedicated team members, visit texaschildrenspeople.org for career opportunities. You can also learn more about our amazing culture at infinitepassion.org.

Texas Children’s is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All applicants and employees are considered and evaluated for positions at Texas Children's without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.
