Who_We_Are

The Personalization & ML Engineering team is responsible for building features
powered by machine learning such as personalized content recommendations.

Responsibilities
Build and improve machine learning pipeline that power Peloton s
content recommendations.
Evaluate, implement, and improve machine learning models.
Productionize, deploy and monitor machine learning based services.
Qualifications
Passion for building scalable backend framework that supports a rapid
growing user base
4+ years of software development experience
Strong understanding of software engineering principles and fundamentals
including data structures and algorithms.
Proficient in at least one programming language, e.g., Python, Java,
Kotlin, Go, C++, C.
Experience with relational and non-relational databases such as Postgres,
MySQL, Cassandra, or DynamoDB.
Experience with both machine learning and developing services with
production quality deployment and monitoring.
Strong machine learning knowledge, including neural networks, RNNs and
CNNs. Good understanding of the practical aspects of ML such as train/
dev/test sets, bias, variance, overfitting, hyperparameter tuning, etc.
Experience using machine learning libraries and tools, such as PyTorch,
Tensorflow, Keras, Caffe, Theano, or scikit-learn.
Familiar with monitoring and deployment tools and platforms, for
instance, DataDog, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform and AWS
services.
Self directed and detail oriented with ability to come up with good
design proposals or thorough analysis of production issues.
About_Peloton
Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings
the energy and benefits of studio-style workouts to the convenience and comfort
of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content
through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide
comprehensive, socially-connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We
believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously
innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors,
and we know that together, we go far.

Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms
in the US, UK and Canada, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton
has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's
Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business'
Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit
to learn more about joining our team.
Show moreShow less
