We Are Hiring

Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) - General Lab Anc 001 - Full-Time, Nights - SHH PanamaCty BayMedical - Panama City,FL

5K SIGN ON BONUS AVAILABLE!

Why Join Ascension?

Ascension Sacred Heart is a faith-based health system that provides a network of hospitals, outpatient health centers, physician offices, rehabilitation centers and a variety of other health services to communities in South Alabama and across Northwest Florida. The health system includes the 566-bed Ascension Sacred Heart Hospital in Pensacola and the Studer Family Children’s Hospital at Sacred Heart, the region's only facility specializing in the care of children. Major regional services based in Pensacola also include the Heart and Vascular Institute, the area's leading Stroke Center, a Level II Trauma Center, and a Cancer Center affiliated with MD Anderson Cancer Network. In 2003, Ascension Sacred Heart opened its Emerald Coast hospital, a 76-bed community hospital in Walton County, near Destin, Fla. Ascension Sacred Heart also includes a 75-bed hospital in Panama City where services include a Level II trauma center and advanced cardiovascular care, as well as a 19-bed community hospital in Port St. Joe, FL, that serves Gulf and Franklin counties.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Sacred Heart Health System-FL, you will have the opportunity to perform routine diagnostic/analytic testing of laboratory specimens, and interprets, documents and reports test results in compliance with department procedures and applicable regulations.

Responsibilities:
Implements, validates, and reports laboratory test results.
Performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting.
Conducts quality control and quality assurance testings.
Maintains supplies needed for performance of tests.
Assists with data collection or special projects as assigned.
Assists in documentation and submission of all required laboratory, departmental and staff statistics/reports.
What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:

Required Credential(s):
Clinical Laboratory Technologist credentialed from the Florida Board of Clinical Laboratory Personnel
obtained prior to hire date or job transfer date.
Education:
Diploma
Bachelors degree required
Work Experience:
None required.
Equal Employment Opportunity

Sacred Heart Health System is an equal opportunity employer.

Please note that Ascension will make an offer of employment only to individuals who have applied for a position using our official application. Be on alert for possible fraudulent offers of employment. Ascension will not solicit money or banking information from applicants.

E-Verify Statement

Sacred Heart Health System participates in the Electronic Employment Verification Program. Please click the E-Verify link below for more information.

E-Verify (link to E-verify site)

]]>
