About Imperfect

Imperfect Foods was founded in 2015 with a mission to reduce food waste and build a better food system for everyone. We offer imperfect (yet delicious) produce, affordable pantry items, and quality meat and dairy. We deliver them conveniently to our customers’ doorsteps and pride ourselves on offering up to a 30% discount compared to grocery store prices. Our customers can get the healthy, seasonal produce they want alongside the grocery staples they rely on, without having to compromise their budget or values. We’re proving that doing the right thing for the planet doesn’t have to cost more, and that shopping for quality ingredients can support the people and resources that it takes to grow our favorite foods.

We're headquartered in San Francisco with operations all over the country. Check our website to see if there is an Imperfect near you!

We're looking for folks who are positive, motivated, and ready to change the world. If that sounds like you, drop us a line!

How we are protecting employees from COVID-19

At Imperfect Foods, employee health and safety is our top priority. We have implemented processes and precautions to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in our facilities. We provide gloves, masks, and hand sanitizer to all essential employees who must report to work. Before entering our warehouse, employees have their temperatures checked. In addition, we take great care to ensure frequently touched surfaces are sanitized throughout the day and all warehouses are fully sanitized weekly.

We have also implemented an Emergency Sick Leave policy providing full-time and part-time employees 2 additional weeks of paid time off and up to 26 weeks paid leave if they have a confirmed case of COVID-19.

About the Role:

Imperfect is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join the Business Intelligence team. The role will develop and automate algorithms that integrate with various parts of the business to better our customer understanding, improve our customer experience, and drive operational efficiency. Our Data Scientist will collaborate with departments across the company, such as Marketing, Operations, and Engineering, for a wide and deep impact. Some example projects include demand forecasting to help with warehouse labor and inventory planning, optimizations to improve warehouse efficiency, personalization and recommendation algorithms to enable customers to discover relevant products, and product subscription cadence optimization. As an early member of the data science team, your role will influence the tech stack and frameworks we develop. This role requires a strong level of analytical horsepower and communication skills to effectively analyze and tell the story behind the data.

If you like the idea of swimming in data, fighting food waste, and working with a bunch of pleasant people, come join us!
Responsibilities:
Build production grade models on large-scale datasets by utilizing advanced statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining techniques
Provide data-driven analyses and insights for strategic and business initiatives, while maintaining analytics roadmap to prioritize initiatives, communicate timelines, and ensure successful, timely completion of deliverables
Collaborate with the teams across the company to identify impactful business problems and translate them into structured analyses, actionable insights, and reports and dashboards
Assist with the development and deployment of analytical tools and develop custom models to track key metrics, uncover insights in the data, and automate analyses
Contribute to code reviews and software development best practices
Effectively communicate with initiative stakeholders, including technical and non-technical audiences. Tell the story behind the data
Skills and Qualifications:
3+ years of professional experience as a data scientist, including deploying and maintaining code in a production environment
Experience with machine learning techniques and advanced analytics (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, time series, econometrics, mathematical optimization)Advanced SQL and Python skills and running advanced analytics in a scripting language. Bonus: experience in R and other languages
A solid grasp of basic statistical applications and methods (experimentation, probabilities)
Experience working with large data sets and preparing them for analysis

About You:
You're able to clearly and effectively communicate the results of complex analyses and transform data into a story for different audiences and various stakeholders
You demonstrate intellectual curiosity, and a passion for translating information into actionable insights, with data big, small, structured, and messy
You have the insight to take ambiguous problems and solve them in a structured, hypothesis-driven, data-supported way
You're a self-starter with the ability to juggle multiple projects at once
You’re passionate about our mission to eliminate food waste and create a better food system for all
Details of the Position:
Full-time exempt position reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence
Candidate can be remotely located within the US
Salary and employee stock options commensurate with experienceCompetitive benefits package including health care, paid vacation, 401K, paid parental leave, and recurring credit towards your Imperfect account!
Physical Requirements:
Sedentary work; involves sitting most of the time
Occasional movement around the office may be necessary
Regular work with computers, including keyboards, mouses, and screens
Regular use of mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets
Individuals seeking employment at Imperfect Foods are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, gender, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, or sexual orientation.

U.S. E-Verify Notice: Imperfect Foods participates in E-Verify in the United States. Imperfect will provide the U.S. Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS), with information from each new employee's Form I-9 to confirm work authorization.
