This is a technology development program with the National Media Exploitation Center to build a system to index and analyze digital media (images, documents, videos, audio, etc.). Under the program, we are providing technical core competencies including data science and engineering, software development, enterprise information technology services, and systems engineering and integration.

The Data Scientist will play an integral role building a system which will index and analyze seized digital media (images, documents, videos, audio, etc.). This program will advance the state of the art in mission-focused big data analytics tools and micro-service development spanning the breadth of Agile sprints to multiyear research and development cycles. This will include the design, deployment, and maintenance of a full stack microservices architecture, running in hybrid cloud and physical hardware environments.

Responsibilities and Duties:
Work closely with software developers, network engineers, senior investigators, program managers, researchers, and data analysts on small teams to design and optimize a Data Science platform to produce and analyze results, disseminate findings, and contribute to publications and presentations.
Perform research-level data analytics to support ongoing and future mission-focused objectives, evaluating and expanding upon current research in machine learning, natural language processing, and data mining.
Design and optimize a Data Science platform to advance national security objectives, produce and analyze results, disseminate findings, and contribute to publications and presentations with actionable intelligence insights.
Analyze a variety of big data covering national security, cyber security, business intelligence, online social media, human behavior and more.
Support multiple simultaneous projects and take open-ended or high-level guidance, independently and collaboratively make discoveries that are mission-relevant, and package and deliver the findings to a non-technical audience.
Identify novel sources of data across a range of fields, to improve the performance of predictive algorithms, and to encourage user adoption of high-end data analytics platforms in partnership with a highly qualified, highly motivated team.
Required Skills
Have a strong background in research design, exploratory analysis, quantitative methods, user interface application design, and experience with customer outreach and engagement.
Ability to work in dynamic and challenging environments,
Solid understanding of the lifecycle process for software development, web applications, and system implementation in an Agile framework.
Familiarity with Information Assurance Certification and Accreditation Process (DIACAP) process, the NIST Risk Management Framework (RMF) process, and prescribed DoD business process for security engineering.
Rapid application prototyping and direct user interaction.
Code, test, and debug new software or enhancements to existing software.
Required Experience
Must have an active TS clearance and must be able to achieve a TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph
Master’s degree or equivalent graduate degree in a quantitative or analytical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or Computational Social Science.
4+ years of experience in data science, analytics or quantitative intelligence analysis, and demonstrating progressive technical development and outcomes. 2+ years of experience required with MS.
Significant experience in one or more scripting languages such as R or Python
Proficient in one or more big data programming languages, such as Java or Python
Experience working with a hybrid team of analyst, engineers, and developers to conduct research, and build and deploy complex, but easy-to-use analytical platforms
Previous experience performing research in Data Analytics or big data
It is the policy of PAR to prohibit all forms of discrimination and to affirmatively implement equal opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex, age, military status, national origin, disability, marital status, predisposing genetic characteristics, sexual orientation, or other legally protected status and positive action shall be taken to insure the fulfillment of this policy.

Job Location
Reston, US-VA
