This role can be based out of Mountain View, CA or San Francisco, CA

Who is Mindstrong?

Mindstrong is a research-driven, consumer-focused mental healthcare company working to unlock a new virtual care model for delivering healthcare to people living with a serious mental illness (SMI) through innovations in measurement science, and care delivery. Our services are offered to people with an SMI through active partnerships with several nationwide health insurance payers.

As a Series C company, we have a blend of science, technology, and healthcare talent to help us unlock this paradigm-shifting approach, including the likes of National Institute for Mental Health, Stanford Center for Neurobiological Imaging, Uber, Facebook, Google, Apple, Oscar Health, and CMS.

We'd love to talk more!

What is the Data Scientist role?

We're looking for Data Scientists to join our growing team of people passionate about changing mental healthcare. In this role, you will work cross functionally and partner with engineers, product managers, data analysts, and the clinicians who directly deliver care to our Mindstrong members. You will lead projects that derive value from our extensive amount of data and will work on problems related to predicting and measuring mental health outcomes, optimizing our growth funnel, matching clinicians with patients, increasing the efficiency of clinical services, and making recommendations for impactful interventions. Our team works across the company to help influence decision-making, and your work will have a direct impact on our patient population.

What you'll be doing:
Become an expert in building healthcare critical machine learning applications that remap brain circuits from human-computer interaction patterns
Create highly scalable and adaptive online/streaming learning algorithms that impact the lives of millions of people daily
Help our business scale by optimizing our growth funnel and increasing the efficiency of clinical operations
Work with a high-performance engineering team to deploy these applications in a highly scalable and distributed infrastructure
Improve the quality and availability of care for millions of people around the world
Who you are:
You feel good about your work knowing that what you do will affect the lives of millions of people around the world
Eager to thrive in a startup environment
Strong communicator (oral and written)
A good person, highly ethical, and accepting of others
Your background and skills:
A strong developer; technical challenges of all types excite you
Interested in contributing your opinions and perspective to solve the challenges that our users face
Possess extensive end-to-end project experience using machine learning, deep learning, optimization, or causal inference to solve complex real-world problems. Have a proven track record of delivering impactful results and high quality work on tight schedules
Have experience using Python/R for data analysis, modeling, and writing production code
PhD (preferred) or MS in statistics, computer science, operations research, economics, mathematics, or related disciplines with an emphasis on both theory and application, OR equivalent experience
Competitive Benefits:
Medical, Dental, and Vision coverage
401k
10 paid holidays
Unlimited PTO
Fully stocked kitchen and catered lunches
Casual dress code
Telecommuting benefits
Join us in our journey to transform the future of brain health!

Mindstrong is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that celebrates diversity. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants. All individuals seeking employment at Mindstrong are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment. Mindstrong also strives for a safe and robust workplace and prohibits harassment of any kind. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation for interviewing, please let us know by emailing us at recruiting@mindstronghealth.com.
