Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry
Location


CORPORATE - Seattle

# of openings

1

Job Posting


Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry

Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry

Omeros is seeking a Senior Scientist to join our Medicinal Chemistry team. In this role, you’ll be supporting the research project team with medicinal chemistry for drug discovery products, including performing synthetic organic chemistry and molecular chemistry, and aiding in the design of organic molecules to be used in drug discovery.

Good things are happening at Omeros!

Come join our Medicinal Chemistry Team!

Who is Omeros?

Omeros is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company committed to discovering, developing and commercializing small-molecule and protein therapeutics for large-market as well as orphan indications targeting inflammation, complement-mediated diseases and disorders of the central nervous system.

The company’s drug product OMIDRIA® (phenylephrine and ketorolac injection) 1% / 0.3% is marketed in the U.S. for use during cataract surgery or intraocular lens (IOL) replacement to maintain pupil size by preventing intraoperative miosis (pupil constriction) and to reduce postoperative ocular pain. In the European Union, the European Commission has approved OMIDRIA for use in cataract surgery and other IOL replacement procedures to maintain mydriasis (pupil dilation), prevent miosis (pupil constriction), and to reduce postoperative eye pain.

Omeros has multiple Phase 3 and Phase 2 clinical-stage development programs focused on: complement-associated thrombotic microangiopathies; complement-mediated glomerulonephropathies; Huntington’s disease and cognitive impairment; and addictive and compulsive disorders. In addition, Omeros has a diverse group of preclinical programs and a proprietary G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) platform through which it controls 54 new GPCR drug targets and corresponding compounds, a number of which are in preclinical development. The company also exclusively possesses a novel antibody-generating platform.

What are your job responsibilities?
Designing and synthesizing potential drug candidate molecules
Conducting complex air- and moisture-sensitive organic reactions
Analytically characterizing organic compounds using routine methods (NMR, HPLC/MS, etc.)
Understanding and applying DMPK and biological principals toward the design of small molecules; discusses and maintains structure activity relationships of compounds
Analyzing, preparing and presenting data
Effectively using the chemical literature
Using chemistry related software
Ensuring safety standards are maintained
Managing and archiving data
Presenting scientific results effectively in both a technical and informational fashion
Maintaining a safe work environment
Attending project meetings
May supervise or manage Research Associates
What experience and education do you need?

You’ll need to have a Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry with 5+ years industry experience; Other experience we are seeking includes:
Industry experience in organic synthesis and proven ability to design and synthesize novel compounds through multi-step synthetic routes is required
Experience with purification methods and characterization of compounds such as NMR and LCMS is required
CNS experience is a plus
What skills does our ideal candidate have?

As our ideal candidate, you’ll need the following skills and knowledge:
Demonstrated proficiency in using MS Office applications
The ability to work effectively under pressure, handling multiple priorities simultaneously, is essential
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal skills
Time management skills
Team oriented and highly motivated demeanor
The ability to build and maintain positive relationships with management, peers and subordinates is essential
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, attention to detail
If you have the skills, knowledge and experience we are looking for, we’d love to hear from you!

Omeros is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to status as a protected veteran or a qualified individual with a disability, or other protected status such as race, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, marital status, or any other factor determined to be unlawful by federal, state, or local statutes.

It is our policy to provide reasonable accommodation to anyone with a disability who needs assistance completing the job application process. If you need assistance, you can either send an e-mail to hr@omeros.com or contact Omeros, asking for Human Resources, at (206) 676-5000.
