About Concerto HealthAI

Concerto HealthAI is the leading provider of precision health clinical and commercial real-world data and AI solutions to the global pharma community and across the broader healthcare landscape. Our mission is to accelerate drug development, clinical trials, and HEOR analytics to dramatically improve patient outcomes.
Concerto HealthAI is part of a select set of companies backed by SymphonyAI Group (SAI) the largest AI-focused investment firm in the world, which was founded and is led by Dr. Romesh Wadhwani, a highly successful serial tech entrepreneur, investor, and philanthropist. Dr. Wadhwani has committed $1 billion in capital to build SAI’s portfolio companies into global leaders that deliver extraordinary new value across diverse industries.

Position Summary

Concerto HealthAI is a fast growing healthcare research organization, leading the market in oncology healthcare data analytics. Our dynamic, fun and highly experienced team is looking for a Research Scientist to join our Outcomes Science and Services team
As a Research Scientist you will partner with a diverse and talented team of epidemiologists, bioinformaticians, data scientists and medical practitioners to provide scientific support for studies conducted through use of Concerto HealthAI’s Real-World Data assets. As a Research Scientist you will have the opportunity to collaborate across a broad portfolio of sophisticated clinical research projects within oncology as a member of various project teams, reporting to the Director of Outcomes Science and Services.
We are assembling a talented team of scientists to join us on our mission to transform how insights are generated and accelerate therapeutic innovations to patients. You can be situated at any one of our office locations in Boston, New York, Memphis, King of Prussia or remote within the USA.
Responsibilities
Develops and assists in the development of study-related materials such as quality control documents, proposals, protocols, statistical analysis plans and reports.
Under the supervision of the Senior Director, Outcomes Science and Services and other scientific staff, provides project support, including review and revision of study documents as assigned.
Reviews preliminary analyses for adherence to planned statistical procedures. Prepares preliminary written presentation of study findings.
Interacts internally with the Senior Director, Outcomes Science and Services and other scientific staff regarding ongoing and planned research.
Communicates effectively with management and internal stakeholders regarding overall project plans, project details, deadlines and priorities.
Participates in telephone meetings with customers in a support role.
Assists in the development of drafts of abstracts, posters, and manuscripts.
Follows company policy and procedures regarding quality control, data security, and the ethical conduct of research involving human subjects.
Abides by the provisions of the HIPAA security and privacy rules.
Attends staff meetings as scheduled.
Participates in other projects as assigned.
Requirements
Doctoral degree, or Master’s degree and one year of related research experience.
Understanding of scientific research processes, with understanding of data management and statistical analysis relevant to the role.
Knowledge of health economics, epidemiology, psychometrics, and a deeper knowledge of biostatistical methods may be helpful. Must have familiarity with basic office productivity software (e.g., Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word).
Ability to communicate effectively in writing.
Ability to speak and present information in small groups of customers, suppliers, or employees of the company.
Ability to apply principles of scientific research to the development and review of documents proposing and reporting the results of outcomes science studies.
Ability to carry out duties on multiple projects, manage deadlines, establish priorities for work activity, and solve practical problems.
Learn More About Concerto HealthAI

Concerto HealthAI is transforming how healthcare is delivered and dedicated to improving patient outcomes in oncology by offering innovative solutions on how data and intelligence is used to solve healthcare problems. We are creating something special in our culture, by building a collaborative, engaged, patient focused, team approach to our mission. Our high performance teams are looking to add great talent to the mix and we are hiring for the right mix of new skills and diverse mindset. Learn more about Concerto HealthAI at www.concertohealthai.com , or follow us on LinkedIn.
