Job Description

General Description


The Research and Evaluation Center of John Jay College of Criminal Justice (JohnJayREC) is an applied research organization established in 1975. We respond to the needs of justice practitioners locally, nationally, and internationally. The Research and Evaluation Center is part of John Jay College of Criminal Justice and the City University of New York. Since 2010, the Center has worked on projects with combined budgets in excess of $40 Million. Staff members of the Center assist public and private agencies by conducting studies of crime prevention strategies, the effectiveness of justice interventions, and efforts to improve the impact and efficiency of justice system operations. At any given time, staff members may be involved in several individual projects designed to discover, test, and improve programs and policies related to the justice system.

JohnJayREC seeks a Data Scientist/Database Manager to oversee data processes for Center projects. This person will be responsible for creating innovative and effective data analytic processes, efficient data workflow, and thorough documentation of data-related tasks. The person in this position will work under the direction of the Center’s Deputy Director for Analytics with oversight of the Center Director. In collaboration with the Deputy and Director of the Center, the successful applicant will participate in planning research activities, collecting, analyzing and interpreting data and will serve as a co-author on academic publications arising from the research. The successful applicant may also assist in directing the work of other research staff.

The anticipated term of the appointment is June 2020 through June 2021.

Other Duties
Work as a member of research teams to identify and answer important research questions
Become familiar with all Center data-related projects
Acquire a strong understanding of research topics and a thorough knowledge of the data and programming efforts involved
Answer research questions by using appropriate data analytic techniques
Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources
Establish and implement a respectable data quality process
Clean and prepare data files
Prepare and deliver written and verbal presentations as needed
Communicate findings to both technical and non-technical staff
Assist other Center staff with a variety of data analysis methods
Attend project meetings with other staff and external funders
Address client feedback in a timely manner
Perform other related duties as needed

Qualifications
Experienced data manager and analyst
Familiar with programing languages (e.g., R, Python)
Knowledge of statistical & GIS programs (e.g.,, R, Stata, Python, QGis)
Ability to manipulate large data sets
Experience with learning, artificial intelligence, and data mining
Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources
A strong passion for empirical research and for answering hard questions using quantitative methods
A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision
The successful candidate will be a highly motivated self-starter with the ability to solve data analysis problems independently
Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner
Experience with data repository hosting services like Github
Creative problem solver with the ability to self-teach
Well-organized, deadline driven, goal oriented, highly motivated.
Effective time manager and team leader
Passionate about social justice
Driven by curiosity and a desire to always improve and do better
Bachelor’s degree and at least 5 years of relevant experience
