Job Title: Data Scientist (JP7324)
Location: Thousand Oaks, CA
Employment Type: Contract
Business Unit: Digital Integration & Predictive Technologies)
Duration: 12 months with likely extensions
Job posting date:5/22/20
Note: Remote until COVID-19 restrictions are lifted.

3 Key Consulting is hiring a Data Scientist for a consulting engagement with our direct client, a leading global bio-pharmaceutical company.

Job Summary:
This person will be responsible for providing support to advance artificial intelligence and data analytics effort by building machine learning models, support their implementation and deployment through collaborations with stake holders. The position will be based in Thousand Oaks, CA and he/she will be part of Digital Integration & Predictive Technologies (DIPT) organization in Process Development. Support will include :
Build a wide range of data and analytics solutions, from descriptive to prescriptive using advance statistical and machine learning models.
Leverage large datasets to conduct end-to end analytics that include data gathering and requirements specifications, processing, analytics, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with subject matter experts to identify opportunities and deliver value by developing novel, practical, scientific data-driven solutions to meet business needs.
Basic Qualifications:
Masters degree OR Bachelors degree & 2 years of directly related experience OR Associates degree & 6 years of directly related experience OR High school diploma / GED & 8 years of directly related experience.

Preferred Qualifications:
M.Sc., in Engineering or Computer Sciences.
Expertise in comprehensive set of data analytics and modeling methods such as unsupervised (i.e. PCA, K-Means), supervised (i.e. PLS, tree-based algorithms and deep learning), approaches and in their application to biotechnology processes.
Expertise working with large data sets, data mining and machine learning tools.
Experience in various artificial intelligence applications.
Expertise in Python and SQL Programming Languages.
Understanding of biopharmaceuticals process, related unit operations including analytical methods and process controls.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Independent, self-motivated, organized, able to multi-task in project environments, and skilled in communication, facilitation, and collaboration.
Team player prepared to work in and embrace a team-based culture that relies on collaboration for effective decision-making.
Familiarity with DevOps and good software practices (i.e. version control, continuous integration, test driven development)
Top Must have Skill Sets:
Can-do Attitude Ideal candidate does not easily give up. The candidate will be provided direction and support but will need to be methodical and analytical when completing tasks while exhibiting a positive attitude (Company is a very large organization and there will be many parties the candidate will need to engage with for project success).
Being Comfortable with Being Uncomfortable Ideal candidate will not only be able to identify problems but also identifies possible solutions. Project end goals will be known but all the in-between steps may not be known from the start so the candidate will need to navigate and structure the steps without being easily flustered.
Attention to Detail Ideal candidate will be thorough and deliver polished work product.
Day-To-Day Responsibilities:
Daily responsibilities will be focused on advancing the machine learning platform and collaborating with partners.

Employee Value Proposition:
This unique role will allow you to be a part of interdepartmental projects. You will work directly with project teams in Thousand Oaks and Boston, leveraging and building data science skills, partnering with different functional areas within Process Development. The projects you will be involved with will have a positive impact on key Company processes that support the making of human therapeutics and the patients that use them.

Red Flags:
• Leaving assignments before projects are complete.
• Unexplainable time gaps in resumes.
• References that are not from recent employers.
• References that are not direct supervisors.

Interview Process: Phone then skype interview.

We invite qualified candidates to send your resume to resumes@3keyconsulting.com. If you decide that youre not interested in pursuing this position, please feel free to look at other positions on our website www.3keyconsulting.com. You are welcome to also share this posting with anyone you think might be interested in applying for this role.
