Senior Data Analyst - Career Portals

Skip to main content
Grouped Link

Menu
Job Search

Register
Sign In
Careers
Job Search
Register
Sign In

Apply Now

Senior Data Analyst

Ann Arbor, MI, USA; Virtual
Req #588

Wednesday, April 22, 2020

Home Point Financial Corporation (HPFC) is a rising star in the financial services industry. At Home Point, we created a culture that encourages community, caring and open communication. We want our associates to speak up, become innovators and make impactful changes – no matter what position they hold within the company. What makes our team special? Our “We Care” approach in all that we do. At HPFC we collaborate, question the norm, reinvent and help each other succeed. If you thrive in a fast-paced environment and are looking for an opportunity to develop your career, then we have a great opportunity for you!

The Sr. Data Analyst will be responsible for data related support, investigation, research, and data management to support development solutions, as well as building and maintaining the enterprise data catalog/glossary. The Sr. Data Analyst will use current data technologies to provide analysis to assist in developing modern, scalable, SQL based solutions serving our business in the mortgage finance industry. This includes the data analysis, occasional development, metadata management and recommendations for design of client and partner integrated data solutions for both proprietary and purchased software.

Provide data analysis to assist in producing well-designed and developed solutions for on time deployment based on list of requirements
Collaborate with scrum team members on complex projects requirements
Perform extensive data validation/quality assurance analysis within large datasets
Troubleshoot and investigate data anomalies and issues along with working directly with the developers to follow through and resolve issues in data lineage and consistency
Work with business analysts to clarify business rules and requirements
Translate business data import and export needs into a maintainable integrations platform
Ensure adherence to corporate development and mortgage industry requirements
SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS:
5+ years of mortgage banking experience
Deep SQL and Relational Database experience
Strong SQL Server, Snowflake or Oracle experience preferred
Strong data governance, metadata management, business glossary/catalog experience
Strong knowledge and experience working in the Mortgage Industry – emphasis on lending/originations space
Encompass LOS experience
Experience translating complex business rules into system and data specifications
Experience building source to target mappings for ETL development
Experience reverse engineering complex stored procedures to create data mapping documentation
Exposure/expertise in Agile scrum development methodology
Exposure to cloud computing (Azure preferred)
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Collibra experience a plus
Black Knight MSP experience a plus
Monarch experience a plus
Tableau experience a plus

Home Point Financial Corporation (HPFC) is an equal opportunity at will employer and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of age, race, religion, color, disability, sex, sexual orientation or national origin.

Other details
Pay Type
Salary

Ann Arbor, MI, USA
Virtual

Apply Now
Share this job:


© 2019 Ceridian HCM, Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy
