Hello Denver! We are excited to be here!
Snapdocs is an early-stage startup backed by investors like Sequoia, F-Prime Capital, SV Angel, and YCombinator looking for an empathetic and curious Data Scientist to join our small Data team. Are you interested in bringing an industry into the future with Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence and automation? Then this role is for you.
We're a small team tackling the absolutely massive mortgage market. We're bringing modern, elegant software to a field that still relies on fax machines and manila envelopes. We bring security, efficiency and joy to a paper-based pillar of the US economy.

The type of problems we focus on involve workflow, product design, and data. Monolith vs microservices is an ongoing debate. We are working to find a good authentication pattern that allows for people to work across companies in multiple roles (which is trickier than you might think!). Domain Driven Design is our guiding light.

We trust our team members to make smart decisions. This means we value both independent work as well as collaboration. We're becoming ubiquitous in one segment of the market and now we're looking to hire another Data Scientist to help us expand further!

As the second Data Scientist to join the team, you will focus on aggregating and analyzing large datasets to identify behavior trends using statistics, data mining techniques, and building data models for solving real-world problems. The ideal candidate is someone who relishes pouring over messy data to find patterns and train machines to do so with high accuracy and recall. You will build and update models ( ML and AI ) to automate repetitive repeatable data-driven tasks. You will analyze data generated as a by-product of manual tasks and build models that can operate on similar or better accuracy than humans.

Over the past 2-4 years, you have learned and used advanced machine learning techniques and algorithms to build new models to experiment with data. You have experience in one or more programming languages including Python and R and have used Cloud Platforms, bonus points for AWS. This is a specialized role so advanced degrees in quantitative disciplines like Statistics, Computer Science, and Mathematics are preferred (PhD’s are ideal). Lastly, you are eager to learn! You don’t know every toolset but have proven that with the right problem, a good tutorial, and a healthy appetite for StackOverflow, you’ll figure it out but you don’t mind asking simple questions that result in actionable insights if need be.

Snapdocs’ culture is one that strongly values diversity and drive. We want to work with people of different backgrounds and different paths in life, and we trust our team members to make smart decisions. We value independent work as well as collaboration. Snapdocs provides a ton of excellent benefits ranging from the standard stuff: matching 401(k), free lunches, and 21 days PTO to the not so standard—like a 10 year exercise window on your options. Lastly, our location in downtown Denver is super convenient (we are currently based in the Wells Fargo Center) and close to many public transportation options.
