Data Analyst - Intex Developer


New York

Apply now

Refer someone

Bring your hands-on software development experience to our Credits Market team in New York.

In this highly visible role, you will use your strong Python programming skills to work alongside other senior developers to build data services and integrate them with Excel models for our front office. A knowledge of Intext software applications would be very useful for this role, but not a pre-requisite for application.

Critical to success in this role is 3 years or more of hands-on development experience with data analytics and creating and streamlining data libraries specializing in credit loan models (RMBS, CLO, ABS, student loans etc.). You will also need to be comfortable working in both Linux and Windows and have an understanding of modern system architectures.

To be successful you will need to possess:
a Degree in quantitative field (math, engineering, computer science)
strong technical acumen with Python and Intex in Microsoft and Linux environments
experience collaborating with other developers on non-trivial projects in a fast-paced setting
If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Find out more about Macquarie at www.macquarie.com/about

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

If you're ready to start your career, please apply now.

About Commodities and Global Markets

Commodities and Global Markets provides clients with an integrated, end-to-end offering across global markets including equities, fixed income, foreign exchange and commodities.

Our commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, marital status, gender identity or any other impermissible criterion or circumstance. Macquarie also takes affirmative action in support of its policy to hire and advance in employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

We recognise that flexibility comes in a variety of forms. Talk to us about what flexibility you need.

*LI-AMERICAS
