The Role:
Reporting to the Associate Director of Process Chemistry, Moderna is seeking an experienced Scientist or Sr. Scientist level chemist to join the Process Chemistry group. The individual will be responsible for process chemistry development in the area of small molecules including lipids and nucleotides in support of the Company’s growing pipeline of products. The near-term priorities for the role will be to contribute to late-stage process development including scale-up, defining key process parameters, establishing controls, and process consistency.
Here’s What You’ll Do:
Execution of multi-step organic syntheses, identifying and eliminating scale-up bottlenecks in order to deliver kilogram scale intermediates or final products at high purity and in a timely fashion under cGMP and non-GMP production environments.
Contribute to regular discussions, exchange of data, samples, and technical transfer details with CMOs.
Maintain GMP training requirements.
Closely collaborate with AD, QC, QA, and manufacturing colleagues.
Contribute to late-phase process development studies such as conducting control studies for process optimization and characterization, possibly including DoE and fate and purge campaigns.
Provide help with identification of impurities and degradants present in drug substance by providing guidance and/or syntheses of authentic analytical standards.
Communicate project updates to process chemistry group members, colleagues in other departments, Moderna senior leaders, and external partners when necessary. Occasional participation in multidisciplinary alignment meetings and risk assessments.
Authoring process development reports, technical transfer, and related documentation.
Here’s What You’ll Bring to the Table:
Masters in Chemistry and minimum 7 years industry experience or PhD in Chemistry and minimum 3 years industry experience in small molecule process chemistry with GMP experience.
Solid understanding of practices required to conform to guidelines recommended by agencies that control authorization and licensing of pharmaceutical products (GMP).
Ability to effectively collaborate in a dynamic, cross-functional matrix environment.
Proven ability to absorb and analyze multi-factorial data, generate conclusions and design next steps.
Experience working with CROs and vendors.
Outstanding communication skills (verbal and written)
Here’s What We’ll Bring to the Table:
On-site subsidized cafeteria or catered lunches
Company-provided iPhone
Free parking, monthly subway pass or a subsidized commuter rail pass
Free annual corporate membership to Bluebikes
Highly competitive healthcare coverage including: medical offered through BCBS (HMO/PPO), dental, and vision offered through VSP
Flexible Spending Accounts for medical expenses and dependent care expenses
16 weeks of 100% paid parental leave for all new parents
16 weeks 100% paid family caregiver leave
20 weeks 100% paid medical leave
Eligible for “Moderna Month” (one month paid sabbatical after five years of service and eligible for additional one month paid sabbatical every 3 years thereafter)
Adoption assistance and discounts to local childcare centers, as well as access to care.com
401k (traditional and Roth offered) with 50% match on first 6% deferred. Match is vested immediately
A suite of Moderna paid insurance coverage, including: life insurance, short-term and long-term disability
Voluntary legal assistance plan
15 days’ vacation and 7 sick days per year, in addition to a discretionary winter shut down and 11 company paid holidays (includes 2 floating holidays)
About Moderna:
Moderna is advancing messenger RNA (mRNA) science to create a new class of transformative medicines for patients. mRNA medicines are designed to direct the body’s cells to produce intracellular, membrane or secreted proteins that can have a therapeutic or preventive benefit and have the potential to address a broad spectrum of diseases. The Company’s platform builds on continuous advances in basic and applied mRNA science, delivery technology and manufacturing, providing Moderna the capability to pursue in parallel a robust pipeline of new development candidates. Moderna is developing therapeutics and vaccines for infectious diseases, immuno-oncology, rare diseases, cardiovascular diseases, and autoimmune and inflammatory diseases, independently and with strategic collaborators.
Headquartered in Cambridge, Mass., Moderna currently has strategic alliances for development programs with AstraZeneca, Plc. and Merck, Inc., as well as the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Defense, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA), a division of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (ASPR) within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI). Moderna has been ranked in the top ten of Science’s list of top biopharma industry employers for the past five years. To learn more, visit www.modernatx.com.
Our Mission:
Deliver on the promise of mRNA science to create a new generation of transformative medicines for patients.
Moderna is a smoke-free, alcohol-free and drug-free work environment.
Moderna is committed to equal employment opportunity and non-discrimination for all employees and qualified applicants without regard to a person’s race, color, gender, age, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability, veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation or any characteristic protected under applicable law. Moderna will make reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with known disabilities, in accordance with applicable law.
#LI-AG1
