Data Scientist, Machine Learning - Game Matchmaking


WHY ROBLOX?

Roblox is ushering in the next generation of entertainment, allowing people to imagine, create, and play together in an immersive, user-generated worlds. We're the one and only fastest-growing entertainment platform that lets anyone teach themselves how to code, publish, and monetize any experience imaginable—across any device—reaching millions of players across the globe.

The impact that you can have at Roblox is powerful. We're looking for someone who's eager to take on a meaningful role in the success of Roblox on a massive scale. Someone who takes play seriously, but also isn't afraid to have some fun either. Someone who's ready to take Roblox—and their career—to the next level.

In 2018, we were honored to be recognized as a Certified Great Place to Work®. We've fostered a company culture that empowers people to do the most defining work of their career in an environment that's made up of the most passionate, team-oriented, visionary, crazy-smart people you'll ever meet. Join the Roblox team where play rules and the possibilities are endless.

Work with the most passionate, team-oriented, visionary, and crazy-smart people you'll ever meet.

As a Data Scientist for Matchmaking, you'll be a key participant in helping our users find the right players to play games with at Roblox. You'll partner with data scientists, product managers and engineers to better understand our developers via performing ad hoc analysis, creating dashboards, defining KPIs, and applying models.

You Are:
Passionate about data. You have the curiosity and self-drive to continuously learn new techniques and tools to extract value from data. You have a degree in Statistics, Economics, Computer Science or other relevant field.
A strong communicator. You understand that analysis must be presented in meaningful ways and engage in spirited discussions about the findings. You have the ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical audience.
A capable statistician. You understand the value of characterizing data by its distribution. Covariance, Bias, and Conditional Probability are concepts that you rely on every day.
An expert with SQL and a scripting language such as Python or R. You're experienced in automating efforts and crunching massive volumes of data.
Big Bonus: A love for Roblox and game development
You Will:
Accelerate product development through your understanding of the underlying data and your ability to partner with product and technical leaders to provide insights that drive growth.
Access raw data, and then transform it, analyze it, and render it in a compelling way--all using a custom analytics tool kit built from state-of-the-art open-source libraries.
Build dashboards to understand root causes to changes in metrics.
Evaluate A/B experiments to determine success of product feature launches.
Influence how Roblox interacts with its players and its platform developers
You'll Love:
Excellent medical, dental, and vision coverage
A rewarding 401k program
Flexible vacation policy
Free catered lunches five times a week and several fully stocked kitchens with unlimited snacks
Onsite fitness center and fitness program credit
Annual CalTrain Go Pass
A Roblox Admin badge for your avatar

Roblox – Powering Imagination.

#LI-CT1
