Xerox (NYSE: XRX) makes every day work better. We are a workplace technology company, building and integrating software and hardware for enterprises large and small. As customers seek to manage information across digital and physical platforms, Xerox delivers a seamless, secure and sustainable experience. Whether inventing the copier, the ethernet, the laser printer or more, Xerox has long defined the modern work experience. Learn more at www.xerox.com and explore our commitment to diversity and inclusion.

As an Internal Audit (IA) Data Scientist 1 - Audit and Compliance, you will be reporting to Data Analytics Manager. This role would require support in advancing the data analytics program within the IA function as well as supporting audits and IA's initiatives.

This will include data requirements definition, analysis activities and report generation in collaboration with Internal Audit staff and business unit personnel under the supervision of the department manager. In addition, the person will work closely with auditors to identify improvements within the internal audit lifecycle (scoping, sampling, testing, etc.) and implement improvement solutions.

Functional Areas:

XIA Methodology
Be able to learn and follow the structured approach followed by the broader Internal Audit Group (risk assessment, engagement planning, execution, reporting, issue follow-up and closure).
Risk Assessment
Act as an active team member in identifying high-risk and high impact areas using acquired data (quantitative and qualitative) and analysis methodologies to support audit engagement planning and scoping.
Audit Engagement and Execution Support
Through collaboration with IA team and business owners, employ the data analytics framework targeting anomalies, fraud, errors, and other risks through the following:
Drafting data requests to support both short-term and long-term audit needs
Working with Analytics team to design and code analytics algorithms
Perform data reconciliations when necessary
Work with DA team to utilize machine learning methods where appropriate to identify anomalies
Utilize existing tests and analysis
Communicating Progress and Results
Effectively communicate with audit team and management to provide updates and participate in project meetings to represent IA DA and share DA point of view on risks and control. In addition, work with teams to document analysis performed by the Data Analytics team, and results. In addition
Generate Data Analytics reports using defined reporting template
Develop Analytics visualizations to support audits
Perform other related duties as assigned including special projects undertaken at the request of senior management
Ability to manage and prioritize multiple engagements at once
Risk and Control Expertise
Be able to learn the risk, control, and governance framework of the Xerox Organization.
IT Risks
Develop reasonable understanding of Xerox's IT risks and their mitigation. Be able to select and apply appropriate algorithms
Understanding of DBs
Quickly develop an understanding of data sources, systems and current analytic capabilities. Potential creation of views in relational databases and execution of ETL processes
Project Management
Support Analytics Leadership in developing of detail project plans including budget analysis and schedules.
Qualifications:

Required Skills and Tools XIA utilizes:
Some knowledge in a data visualization tool (Tableau preferred)
Some knowledge of relational databases (Actian, Oracle, MS SQL, MySQL, Snowflake)
Ability to code in at least one computing language required (R or Python preferred)
Ability to write simple SQL queries
Strong writing skills
Additional Desired Skills:
Some relational database experience preferred
Linux and Bash experience preferred
Familiarity with R and R Markdown preferred
Knowledge of statistics and creation of statistical models preferred
Prior experience working in audit either through coursework or work experience
Education:
Bachelor of Science required in a technical field. MS in Data Analytics preferred but not required.
Prefer Data Science, Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or Statistics
Xerox is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. Learn more at www.xerox.com and explorer our commitment to diversity and inclusion! People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply or compete for employment with Xerox may request such accommodation(s) by sending an e-mail to XeroxStaffingAdminCenter@xerox.com. Be sure to include your name, the job you are interested in, and the accommodation you are seeking.

© 2019 Xerox Corporation. All rights reserved. Xerox® and Xerox and Design® are trademarks of Xerox Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
