At Hometap, we believe you can have a house and a life. Our vision is to empower current and prospective homeowners to access their home's equity, free of debt. By tapping into the built-in value of a home, we help homeowners do the big-ticket stuff that makes life better: start a business, buy a second home, get out from under crippling debt, or pay for college tuition.
Hometap makes investments in residential homes, buying a small equity stake against the home’s future value. For homeowners, this is a simplified, sensible alternative to mortgage debt and monthly payments. For investors, this is a new asset class, allowing them to participate in the multi-trillion-dollar residential real estate market without the obligations and downsides of homeownership.

In 2020, we have over $100 million from investors to make this vision a reality. We’d like to invite you to join us on this journey.

Who you are:
Data drives you. As a Data Scientist at Hometap, you’ll be critical to the mission of making a whole new category possible.

The Data Science team at Hometap ensures we are making the right investments in the right homeowners and homes across the country. Your work combines identifying the right data sources, and building the data models to inform business decisions, from marketing targeting, to underwriting, to portfolio management. You’ll have the opportunity to work cross-functionally, while reporting to the Chief Investment Officer who has deep experience leading analytic teams. More than anything, we are seeking data scientists who are driven to deliver business impact.
What You’ll Do:
Drive the business forward through data-driven decision making and sound data modeling
Utilize your data science expertise to ensure we are correctly assessing potential homes and homeowners for our portfolio; understand and model a Homeowner’s propensity for financial responsibility and determine potential property appreciation relative to other homes in our markets
What You’ll Bring:
Demonstrated ability to build models, algorithms and data structures for machine learning
Demonstrated ability to analyze large data sets and deliver compelling insights to technical and non-technical audiences
3+ years experience with a Python Data Science analyst package such as NumPy, scikit-learn, Pandas, XGBoost, etc.
Statistical analysis methodologies -- ideally, visualization experience with packages such as matplotlib, plot.ly, & Tableau
Experience with SQL and NoSQL databases and data warehouses Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in computer science, data science, information technology, economics, statistics, the hard sciences, or related fields.
Set Yourself Apart:
Strong knowledge of residential real estate and related data sources.
Evidenced ability to understand business needs quickly, and identify/prioritize data science efforts to deliver impact
Demonstrated project management skills and ability to work effectively with business partners
Our Team & Culture
At Hometap, we pride ourselves on being Owners -- of our jobs, our output, our careers -- and Good Neighbors -- we believe helping each other means helping the company, homeowners, and investors succeed.
Equally important to your skill set is the what you bring to our team and business. We are looking for a creative thinker who looks for opportunities within challenges, rolls up their sleeves to get things done, values collaboration and communication, and embraces the Homeowner-first mentality. Critical to our mission is being thoughtful in everything we build. If you’re someone who embraces this builder mentality, you’ll be right at home here.
