Hinge is seeking a data scientist to oversee initiatives in statistical modeling and recommender systems. You will lead efforts to glean actionable insights from massive amounts of data for the purpose of driving product decisions. This role is expected to progress to a managerial position within 6 months.
Responsibilities:
Translate product objectives to data science problems and vice versa
Apply statistical inference to draw rigorous conclusions from data
Use a combination of exploratory analysis and data mining techniques to identify and understand trends and anomalies
Partner with stakeholders and collaborators to prioritize and coordinate projects (Within 6 months)
Manage a small team of data scientists while continuing to spend about 50% of time doing hands-on work
About You:
4+ years of experience as data scientist
1+ years of experience as manager or tech lead
Strong knowledge of statistics and machine learning
Experience with A/B testing
Proficiency in SQL and either Python (preferred) or R
Exposure to engineering best practices
Superb communication skills, in speech and in writing
Good organizational skills
Deep sense of intellectual curiosity
Our Company:
Hinge is the dating app for people who want to get off dating apps. In today’s digital world, singles are so busy matching that they’re not actually connecting, in person, where it counts. Hinge is on a mission to change that. So we built an app that’s designed to be deleted. On Hinge, there are no rules, timers, or games. Instead, you’ll meet your most compatible matches and you’ll have unique conversations over what you’ve shared on your detailed profile. It’s a natural way to find a great first date. Currently, 3 out of 4 first dates lead to second dates, we’re the #1 mobile-first dating app mentioned in the New York Times wedding section, and we’re the fastest growing dating app in the US, UK, Canada, and Australia.

Our Culture:
- Authenticity: Share your genuine thoughts and opinions directly.
- Courage: Invite and deeply consider challenges and criticism.
- Empathy: Be empathetic, communitarian and trustworthy.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
