The R&D Sr. Scientist is responsible for the hands-on development and oversight of new assays, maintenance of existing tests, and project planning and budgeting. In addition, the Senior Scientist is expected to assist in strategic decision making, stay informed with respect to advances in the fields of genomics, genetic testing, and promising new technologies/ approaches that support Ambry’s business objectives. The position requires frequent and close collaboration across departments and is best suited for a candidate who can efficiently work in a goal-oriented research and development setting.

Position Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop new tests with existing or novel methods, including targeted NGS, microarray, qPCR or ddPCR, etc.
Aid in technology improvement of existing tests, e.g. evaluate new reagents, protocol modifications, methods, equipment that may improve the sample throughput and or quality of results, or may provide budgetary savings.
Research new projects for potential development. May include literature research for project utility and scope.
Design research strategy, plan experiments and budget, estimate project timelines, identify risks and contingencies.
Draft papers and lead or assist with data analysis and compilation for purposes of publications, patents, and marketing.
Lead or assist in troubleshooting of problems of the clinical laboratory, as needed
Supervise and manage Research Associates, including training, mentoring, and review of employee progress.
Communicate with Director effectively in regards to project performance and progress.
Position Requirements:
Ph.D degree in a life sciences field (Biology, Molecular Biology, Biochemistry or related field) with 4 yrs post-graduate experience
5 -7 years research experience in an academic setting and 2 - 5 years industry experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to communicate and work effectively and positively with all levels of the organization.
Proficient in NGS/microarray/qPCR
Previous experience developing clinical or RUO assays for somatic variant detection in cancer using NGS platforms.
Strong background in and/or knowledge of cancer biology and the useful diagnostic markers, approaches to detection, and limitations of existing methods.
Hands-on experience generating, troubleshooting, and analyzing large complex datasets, such as those obtained from high throughput functional genomics screens, microarray, NGS, and/or proteomics experiments.
Proficient with a broad range of standard molecular biology techniques, such as PCR, qPCR, RT-PCR, nucleic acid isolation, molecular cloning, NGS library construction, etc., the output of those techniques, how the output is assayed, and the analysis and interpretation of those results.
Ability to communicate complex information clearly, effectively, and accurately as evidenced by first author publication(s).
Strong computer and bioinformatics skills. Programming experience and/or use of command line tools is a plus.
AMB123

About Us:

Ambry Genetics Corporation is a CAP-accredited and CLIA-licensed molecular genetics laboratory based in Aliso Viejo, California. We are a genetics-based healthcare company that is dedicated to open scientific exchange so we can work together to understand and treat all human disease faster.

At Ambry, everyone is welcome. A career at Ambry Genetics is a chance to be part of a dynamic company that aims to improve health by understanding the relationships between genetics and human disease. We earned our reputation as industry leaders by responsibly introducing cutting-edge genetic testing solutions and continually sharing what we learn with the global scientific community.

At Ambry you will be learning, challenging yourself, and having fun while collaborating with teammates through the open exchange of ideas. Employees at Ambry Genetics have many perks, including an onsite café with complimentary smoothies and infused waters! We also offer access to gym memberships, onsite food trucks,“Lunch and Learns,” and more. Our outstanding benefits program includes medical, dental, vision, 401k, FSA, and generous paid time off (PTO) program. Ambry Genetics is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and we maintain a drug-free work environment.

Ambry Genetics is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
