At Lyft, our mission is to improve people's lives with the world's best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.

Data Science is at the heart of Lyft's products and decision-making. As a member of the Science team, you will work in a dynamic environment, where we embrace moving quickly to build the world's best transportation. Data Scientists take on a variety of problems ranging from shaping critical business decisions to building algorithms that power our internal and external products. We're looking for passionate, driven Data Scientists to take on some of the most interesting and impactful problems in ridesharing.

As a Data Scientist, Decisions, you will leverage data and rigorous, analytical thinking to shape the company's product and business decisions. You will identify and scope opportunities, shape priorities, recommend solutions, design experiments, and measure impact. You will bring a quantitative mindset to decision-making in partnership with product, business, and operations stakeholders throughout the organization.

You will report to a Data Science Manager.

Responsibilities:
Leverage data and analytic frameworks to identify opportunities for growth and efficiency
Partner with product managers, engineers, marketers, designers, and operators to translate data insights into decisions and action
Design and analyze experiments; communicate results and act on launch decisions
Develop analytical frameworks to monitor business and product performance
Establish metrics that measure the health of our products, as well as rider and driver experience
Experience:


Degree in a quantitative field such as statistics, economics, applied math, operations research or engineering (advanced degrees preferred), or relevant work experience
3+ years of industry experience in a data science or analytics role
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured and efficient queries on large data sets
Experience in programming, especially with data science and visualization libraries in Python or R
Strong oral and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with and influence cross-functional partners
Benefits:


Great medical, dental, and vision insurance options
In addition to 11 observed holidays, salaried team members have unlimited paid time off, hourly team members have 15 days paid time off
401(k) plan to help save for your future
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible
Pre-tax commuter benefits
Lyft Pink - Lyft team members get an exclusive opportunity to test new benefits of our Ridership Program
Lyft is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft does not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion or religious belief, ethnic or national origin, nationality, sex, gender, gender-identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, military or veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws or prohibited by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other similar state laws and local ordinances, and its internal policy, Lyft will also consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
