Lead Data Scientist

Data Scientists and Lead Data Scientists use a combination of statistics, programming, and domain knowledge to solve problems, ranging from customized solutions for specific clients to creating the methodological backbone for our general purpose products. They have strong technical skills and are also creative thinkers who are always looking to innovate and deliver value to our clients. They aren’t afraid of messy data, and are comfortable working in a fast paced, production-oriented environment.

What you'll do:
Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.
Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.
Oversees and/or leads research development project and data science project plans for clients and internal initiatives.
Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches.
Preferred Experience & Background:
At least 4 years working in a quantitative production environment or a postgraduate degree in a quantitative field.
Advanced understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.
Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
Ability to manipulate data with SQL.
Proven experience creating analytics output within a production-oriented team.
Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally.
Publications, working papers, or conference presentations in a quantitative field.
Experience managing diverse, multi-disciplinary teams and mentoring staff.
Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference.
Ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.
Experience with GIS.
Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.
This position is available in DC, NY, & LA

At BlueLabs, we celebrate, support and thrive on differences. Not only do they benefit our services, products, and community, but most importantly, they are to the benefit of our team. Qualified people of all races, ethnicities, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientations, national origins, gender identities, marital status, religions, veterans statuses, and disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. As an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer, BlueLabs is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
