Description: Its a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nations premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, were pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, youll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

71546

Fundamental Components:
Manages and is responsible for the successful delivery of the algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to meet business needs.
Acts as the analytic team lead for large and complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.
Develops complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes.
Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and complex business problems. utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and specialized expertise in the organization and/or industry.
Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques.
Manages large and complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing.
Behaves as mentor to junior team members to provide technical advice.
Collaborates with business partners to develop technical /business approaches and new or enhanced technical tools.
Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions.
Background Experience:
Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.
Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.
Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems.
Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.
7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.
Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.Masters degree or PhD preferred.
Clinical Licensure: N/A Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.
