Honey is a fast-growing startup based in Los Angeles. Our online shopping platform offers users a smarter way to shop. Through a simple browser extension, we open up instant access to exclusive savings, deals, rewards and discovery, all powered by the collective knowledge of Honey's community of online shoppers. We are helping millions save when they shop online, and we're hiring! We are actively seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join the Engineering Team in our Los Angeles office.

We work closely with the Product and Engineering teams to dig into data and try to predict and quantify user behavior, map out certain consumer journeys, and decide on what features to push to production. We work closely with one another but also have autonomy in getting to work on projects that interest us as it relates to business needs.

What You'll Do:

As a Data Scientist - Product at Honey, you will:
Create, measure, and analyze various KPIs to inform decisions and support recommendations across the company
Innovate! Implement innovative quantitative analyses, try new data wrangling techniques, and experiment with new visualization tools
Work with other analysts to build tools and set processes to automate data analyses
Work closely with the product and engineering departments to understand, solve, and anticipate their analytics needs
Foster a culture of transparency: act as the main liaison between other departments to ensure data accuracy and uniform understanding of key metrics
Possess excellent communication and presentation skills
About You:

If you're on the fence about whether you meet all of the requirements for this role, please apply!
4+ years of experience with dashboarding tools like Tableau or similar (Periscope Data is a plus)
4+ years of experience with SQL (BigQuery and MySQL is a plus)
Ability to take vague requirements and transform them into concise deliverables
Ability to manage multiple priorities and a fast-paced environment
Strong working knowledge of Python, R, and/or D3 is a plus
Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics or similar
Prior experience at a tech company is a plus
At Honey, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive company. We seek to create a culture where everyone can belong because we believe that people do their best work when they can show up every day as their authentic selves. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.

Honey is an equal opportunity employer. We do not make hiring or employment decisions on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or genetic information, in compliance with applicable federal, state and local law.
