We’re looking for a Senior Data Analyst who has a love of mentorship, data visualization, and generating actionable insights from raw data. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to be an organizational influencer, who will generate insights with a good degree of autonomy, and partner with data science to grow deeper analytical skills. You will be joining the Insights & Analytics team, a team tasked with developing insights and reporting to support our customers and advisors’ needs. This team sits within the Customer Operations team, but is also connected to the Product organization.

In this role, you will work mainly with Customer Operations stakeholders to set KPIs and evaluate the effectiveness of current strategies and workflows. You will be involved in many aspects of data operations, from data auditing to building dashboards and analytical insights. For example, you will review the code of more junior analysts and organize coding workshops. You will build metrics to evaluate the performance of our advisors, eliminating confounding variables and creating weighted measures that account for individual success. You will define metrics and create dashboards to track the success of the current strategic direction. You will analyze the text-based interactions with our advisors to improve care quality. You will also analyze interactions with our chatbot to improve the responses of the bot to match customer expectations. You will collaborate with the Data Engineering team in pursuit of better data modeling and you can collaborate with the Data Science team on more modeling-heavy pursuits, like topic modeling or search recommendations. You will be a mentor to all other members of the analytics team, which demands that you excel in a culture of teaching and learning.

You will report to the Manager of the Insights & Analytics team, Customer Operations in Squarespace’s New York offices.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Design and develop KPIs, reports, and dashboards using BI/data visualization tools that clearly track the effectiveness of current strategies
Execute and communicate impactful analyses, using SQL and R/Python to improve the customer experience and drive Customer Operations and Product roadmap
Raise the skill level of the analytics team through reviewing code, organizing training sessions, acting as a mentor, and introducing new analytical methods and tools
Help design and evaluate experiments and pilots, setting clear hypotheses and success metrics, as well as using the right statistical methods for analyses
Effectively partner with Customer Operations and Product stakeholders, as well as our Data Engineering team
QUALIFICATIONS
4 or more years of experience as a data analyst, data scientist, or in a relevant field in which you have worked with large datasets to transform data to meaningful insights
Mastery of SQL, and experience with R/Python
Experience with dashboarding/BI tools like Chartio, Looker, Tableau
Experience with data cleaning, analysis, and presentation to non-technical stakeholders
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative or logic-driven discipline
Intellectual curiosity and a deep love of mentorship and generating actionable insights
Preferred: Advanced degree (Master’s or PhD) in quantitative field
Preferred: Experience with topic modeling, text analytics/natural language processing
We are hiring at various experience levels and we’re particularly interested in having a diverse team with a broad set of skills and viewpoints. If this seems like an opportunity you’d like to explore, but you’re not sure if you qualify, we encourage you to apply anyway!

About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 900 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
