The Opportunity Ahead

As a Data Analyst within the Respawn team you will play a key role in analyzing our operational data to improve our Quality Verification (QV) strategies. You will be a sharp, curious, and analytic individual who has a passion for diving into data to solve business problems. Your insights will influence how we build and verify the quality of our games.

What a QV Data Analyst does at Respawn

Receives questions from clients, understands the questions, and determines the data needed to find the solutions.

Conducts analysis using statistical software, databases, spreadsheets, and reporting tools.

Designs, evaluates, and monitors key metrics.

Develops and maintains scripts and queries to import, clean, transform, and augment data.

Builds live data dashboards complete with user documentation.

Designs and develops statistical analysis models for hypothesis testing, prediction, or inference.

Performs quality assurance to ensure accuracy and consistency for the information being delivered.

Presents analysis conclusions to clients in a clear, understandable, and valuable way.

Communicates clearly (and as often as needed) with team members and business partners.

Our Next Data Analyst needs

Experience:

1-3 years of work experience in an analytical role

Tools:

Performs data analysis using MS Excel or other similar tools with a high degree of proficiency.

Visualizes high readability data insights using software tools like Power BI, Tableau, or Excel.

Understands well how data is stored in databases and can write fast and reusable SQL code to retrieve it.

Writes efficient Python or R code to answer data analysis questions with a high degree of confidence.

Understands the requirements of Agile/Waterfall process and adjusts their work as needed.

Skills:

Very good foundation of math and statistical knowledge including an understanding of probability, correlation, regression, classification, and the development of statistical models.

Exceptional problem solving, creative thinking, and analytical skills.

Ability to initiate and maintain close collaborative partnerships with coworkers and stakeholders.

Ability to take ownership of projects and look for new problems to solve and new concepts to implement.

Quick learner with an innate desire to continually learn, adapt, and develop abilities.

Skillful communicator who is not afraid to ask questions and brings new insights to light.

Professionalism in working with clients and working in a team environment.

Education:

Bachelors degree in a technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Economics etc.) and/or successful completion of post-secondary level Math and Statistics courses
