Overview:

Crisis Text Line is a nonprofit which provides free 24/7 access to crisis support via text message. Our Data Team is looking for a curious and growth-mindset-oriented Data Scientist to support decisions and actions that improve the experience of one or both of our core groups, our volunteers and our texters.

The Data Scientist will collaborate with two staff teams, the Volunteer Experience Team and Texter Experience Team. The staff on these teams include a Product Development group, with a mix of engineering, product, and data staff, and a Program group, including Coaches and Supervisors, who communicate with and support our volunteer Crisis Counselors and our texters.

Role can be located in New York NY, SF Bay Area CA, Durham NC, Denver CO or Seattle WA.

What you will be doing:
Support our Volunteers
Lifecycle analysis. Develop and maintain dashboards and statistical analyses that show where the experience we provide may be most and least helpful to our volunteers. What elements of training help CCs learn? What parts of the platform experience do they find most helpful as they support texters in crisis?
Evaluation. Frequently analyze the results of volunteer engagement efforts (eg, emails) and new products (eg, a recommender system). Clarify what conclusions the team can draw from what may be imperfect data, and maximize team learnings.
Support our Texters
Using an extensive corpus of text messages, identify strategies that best support texters in crisis in terms of listening, coping mechanisms, de-escalation, and safety planning. Help build validated insights into our volunteer training.
Work to build research support for training, policy, and product improvements to better serve texters.
Stakeholder engagement: Be a strategic partner and work with stakeholders to connect analysis to key decisions that affect the organization. Our teams output is analysis, but our outcome is impact.
Who you are:
Impact-oriented. You want to work on meaningful projects that lead to positive impact. You develop analysis and tools with people in mind.
Independent, self-motivated, and curious. You have a knack for taking vague questions and crystallizing them into impactful projects. You love identifying and solving problems.
Deliberate, mindful, team-player. You involve stakeholders early, emphasize consistent rigor and a high standard of ethics in your analyses, and document analyses so they are both transparent and replicable.
Requirements

You have:
A minimum of 2 years of experience in Analytics, a degree in a related field (mathematics, business, statistics, economics, computer science), or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Proficiency in SQL and one or more data science languages, like python or R.
Proficiency in statistical methods and experimental design and analysis.
Experience building charts in visualization tools like Sisense, Looker, and/or Tableau.
Experience using mixed research methodologies, including survey design and qualitative research, a plus.
Benefits
3 weeks paid time off per calendar year, plus the week between Christmas and New Years, federal holidays, your birthday, and others
Medical, dental, and vision benefits for the staff member and family
403B retirement plan (the nonprofit equivalent of a 401K) that matches 3% of your salary
Paid sick/safe and personal leave
Bereavement leave (in the case of death of an immediate family member)
Flexible, remote-friendly work policies
12 weeks paid parental leave (applies to full-time regular employee who's been with the company for at least 6 months and experiences the birth of a child or the placement of a child for adoption or foster care)
Professional development stipend
FSA and transit benefits
Free mental health services
4 week volunteer sabbatical after 2 years of continuous, full-time work to work with a non-profit anywhere in the world
Crisis Text Line is an equal opportunity employer.
