Jobs at Instagram



Data Scientist, Instagram - Well-being, Trust


New York, New York, US

Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

The Instagram Well-being organization is working on ensuring that Instagram is a positive force in people’s life, the most important job we have over the next few years at Instagram. We want to make sure that people feel safe and supported when connecting with the people and things they love, and that people feel the freedom to express themselves on the platform. A core part of delivering on that, is making sure that people are safe from harm when they use Instagram, feel supported by Instagram when they need it, and are enabled to support each other and their communities. This includes ensuring that people are not exposed to harmful content or accounts, their interactions on the platform are safe, their accounts and data are secure and that civic expression on Instagram is authentic and safe from foreign interference. To do this, we build large-scale complex systems, state-of-the-art Machine Learning, and operate an infrastructure to enable detection, classification, and remediation of content, behaviors, and bad actors that contribute to bad experiences for our community. At the heart of the Instagram Well-being organization is the data science team whose empirical studies and rigorous analyses shape the direction of Well-being product development. We’re looking for Data Scientist to support the Well-being and Trust, which strives to protect Instagram users and their data and enables seamless development of safe and secure products. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. You are scrappy, focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, progression, and user engagement of a product.

Responsibilities
Be a strategic partner for Well-being in identifying high impact analytical problems and find innovative ways to tackle these problems via data analysis, experimentation, and statistical modeling.
Evolve our measurement strategy by identifying novel metrics and measurement approaches to guide product strategy, goaling and experiments.
Provide technical and product mentorship to the members of Well-being data science to ensure continual upleveling of our expertise.
Drive or partner to execute on high priority learning and measurement initiatives for Well-Being, Instagram, and Facebook.
Establish strong trusted relationships with the data science and product communities of Instagram and Facebook.
Minimum Qualifications
Experience in product management with proven quantitative expertise and your work experience and accomplishments reflect this.
Experience leading and executing cross-functional data science projects with measurable organizational and product impact.
Demonstrate a track record of judgement in balancing practical business needs and scientific rigor.
6+ years of hands-on data science experience in the consumer media or consumer product, including at least 2 years serving in a lead capacity.
Expert knowledge of SQL, Python, R.
Proven communication skills and the experience connecting with and influencing a broad spectrum of audiences.
Practical, hands-on experience with a wide variety of causal inference and statistical modeling methods.
Experience in field experiments, experimental design, missing data, survey sampling, and/or panel data.
Experience in Observational causal inference or quasi-experimental methods.
Experience in statistical modeling as related to survival modeling for lifetime value and threat detection.
Advanced education degree in Biostatistics, Experimental Psychology, Measurement and Evaluation, Political Science, Econometrics or a similar quantitative field.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of user and data privacy.
Apply

Instagram is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Instagram is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
