viagogo is an industry-leading entertainment marketplace dedicated to helping people attend their favorite live events. We are expecting rapid growth after acquiring Stubhub.

Our team of data scientists uses data to automate manual processes and human decisions. This function is crucial to scaling our business across all geographies, languages, and currencies. You'll mine rich data sets and find insights that will drive the decisions that power our platform. Every piece of work you complete will tie directly into a business goal so you can measure the impact you have on viagogo.

About You:
Love to have an impact, learn from the best, and help people access unforgettable experiences
Currently pursuing or recently completed a degree in a quantitative field like statistics, mathematics, computer sciences, or engineering
Have familiarity with using tools like Python, SQL, or R
Initially, you'll learn:
How to present findings and make decisions with a real commercial impact
How to explore and find meaning in extremely high volumes of data
How we use tools like Python, SQL, and R to analyze, visualize, and present data
How to optimize coverage and ef?ciency of ad campaigns through search engines and social media platforms
Best practices for designing, running, and analyzing feature experiments (A/B tests)
What your team's goals are and how to achieve them
Your Growth Path:
Receive mentorship and a clear path for growing your technical and leadership skills
Be given autonomy to make decisions regarding experiments and tests
Demonstrated results and increasing ownership are rewarded
What we offer:
An environment where you can quickly grow your skills, autonomy, and knowledge
A+ Compensation Package, including stock incentives
Paid Time Off, 401k, Health, Vision, and Dental Insurance
Dog friendly office, weekly lunches, office snacks, and team events
About Data Science at viagogo:

Rather than having a compartmentalized team of data scientists, our data scientists are embedded into cross-functional groups. viagogo's agile teams consist of data scientists, engineers, analysts, and product managers who achieve success through their collaborative culture and entrepreneurial mindset.

We are a multicultural, diverse team that values a coactive approach to making data-driven decisions.

About viagogo:

viagogo is the leading global marketplace for music, sports, and entertainment tickets. We have acquired StubHub and look forward to our continued market leadership.

Despite our rapid growth while revolutionizing a 100-billion-dollar industry, we maintain our start-up ethos and data-driven, collaborative culture. We believe that small, cross-functional teams can achieve extraordinary results. Fans from nearly every country in the world can find millions of tickets to their favorite events in the language, currency, and with the device of their choice.

We provide the widest possible choice of tickets to events around the world and help ticket sellers reach a global audience. viagogo has partnered with many of the world's leading brands in sports and entertainment while helping fans access unforgettable experiences.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity on our team. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
