Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together.

We’re looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to join Snap Inc! Working from our Los Angeles, CA office, you will be tasked with solving interesting technical challenges such as architecting and deploying infrastructure to handle our scale, designing a slick and secure mobile client, and maintaining software used by millions every day.

What you’ll do:
Create models which help drive value for users, advertisers, and our company
Evaluate the technical tradeoffs of every decision
Perform code reviews and ensure exceptional code quality
Build robust, lasting, and scalable products
Iterate quickly without compromising quality
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:
Strong understanding of machine learning approaches and algorithms
Ability to prioritize tasks and work independently
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with high attention to detail
Experience collaborating with internal and external stakeholders at all levels of a company
Experience in solving open ambiguous problems from end to end
Possesses a desire to learn and help others
Minimum Qualifications:
BS/BA degree in technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or equivalent years of experience
2+ years ML industry experience or 1+ years ML industry experience and MS and/or PhD in computer science or related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Caffe2, PyTorch, Spark ML, scikit-learn, or related frameworks
Experience with mobile apps and/or databases
Experience working with distributed systems
M.S. degree and/or PhD in computer science or related field
Experience working with machine learning, ranking infrastructures, and system designs
Ability to proactively learn new concepts and apply them at work
At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. EOE, including disability/vets. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com.
