Looking for a company that inspires passion, courage and imagination, where you can be part of the team shaping the future of global commerce? Want to shape how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? If youre interested in joining a purpose driven community that is dedicated to creating an ambitious and inclusive workplace, join eBay a company you can be proud to be a part of.

The Product Analytics&Insights team tackles challenging and critical problems facing eBays Product & Engineering teams. These problems require deep analysis and thoughtful insights and can directly impact the operations of eBays core businesses. Members of the team have the unique opportunity to influence decision making at the highest levels of the organization. We achieve this by partnering closely with the Product & Engineering teams, and identify opportunities that are accretive to their product roadmaps.

You will have access to eBays vast data resources, which include some of the largest community-based marketplaces in the world. Very few technology organizations can rival the rich set of transactional and behavioral data that eBay has assembled since its inception. Researchers have used eBay data to not only impact business operations, but also to publish in the top peer-reviewed journals in social science.

To be successful in this role:
Experience and technical skills/knowledge of Advanced Analytics and Data Science is very preferred
You must have strong technical skills of Python and SQL.
You have strong empirical and analytical background, either demonstrated through coursework or original research
You have demonstrated the ability to combine quantitative and qualitative findings in order to frame the right questions and deliver actionable insights
You are a lateral thinker, who constructively challenges the obvious answer in order to examine the underlying mechanisms or phenomenon
You believe collaboration and effective communication are critical to achieving goals
Additionally, the following background and experience is preferred:
Recent graduate or currently graduating Masters or PhD of a science (e.g. mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, data science, ML, etc.)
Ability to present complex analyses and insights effectively in simple terms
Experience with both descriptive and inferential statistics ability to build basic prototype models
Background in ecommerce product experience either through prior research or work experience
Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing), econometrics, or casual inference a plus
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
