About Known

Known is a modern marketing company engineered for the unprecedented challenges and opportunities facing marketers today. Known pairs PhD data scientists with award-winning creatives, expert research teams and strategists. Known is anchored by two decades of groundbreaking market research and data science capabilities, which uniquely empower our marketing strategy and acclaimed creative groups, who produce some of the most innovative, cutting-edge creative work in culture. The result? Marketing that is predisposed to succeed and be persistently optimized, directly impacting clients' bottom lines. Our clients span the leading brands in finance, technology, media, CPG, real estate and many other categories. Known has over 200 employees in 6 US cities including Seattle, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Austin, Boston and New York. Our teams have won multiple Emmys, Clios, Effies, Cannes Lions Awards and ProMax Agency of the Year three times.

Known’s Media Science team uses advanced analytics, machine learning, statistics, and algorithms to plan and optimize advertising dollars. We partner with our clients to translate their business goals into meaningful metrics, and buy media across all channels to drive those target outcomes. We are looking for a Data Scientist to join the team and work alongside other data analysts, data scientists, and software engineers.

The ideal candidate will have:
A Masters or PhD from a well-regarded college or university. STEM degrees are preferred.
3+ years of hands-on experience doing quantitative analysis, modeling, optimization and/or statistics. Experience utilizing Python (or similar language) and SQL.
Superb communication and presentation skills
A desire to work on advertising challenges that require flexibility in approach -- everything from on-the-fly analytics to statistics, big data, machine learning, and mathematical algorithms
An ability to translate business challenges into quantitative problems, and solve them by whatever means necessary, which may not always be strict machine learning
A willingness to learn foundational knowledge and skills rapidly
An ability to think strategically, analytically, and proactively about diverse business problems
A commitment to managing the quality & accuracy of analytics, ensuring high standards with your and others’ work
Experience in advertising or advertising technology is a plus
Experience multi-tasking in a fast-paced environment is a plus
Experience working directly with clients is a plus
Experience working on a tech team is a plus, with experience in cloud technologies, version control, etc.
Your responsibilities would include:
Driving performance for our media campaigns and amazing our clients
Day-to-day management of advertising spend you’re responsible for, including ideation on quantitative approaches for driving value, monitoring metrics, and troubleshooting issues
Developing new techniques (e.g., ML models, optimization algorithms, and automation) to optimize KPIs and improve Known IP
Building analyses, stories and slides for client reports
Interfacing directly with clients to communicate results
Productionalizing workflows and contributing your code to our Known repos
Operating existing software infrastructure to traffic, evaluate performance, and analyze media
