What you’ll do day-to-day


The data scientist will be responsible for envisioning, implementing, and maintaining the technical infrastructure that will drive HCAP’s people analytics priorities forward. The output of this effort will be automated reporting products and data visualizations that provide efficient access to talent insights for senior business leaders throughout the firm. This position provides ample opportunities to collaborate with technical professionals across the firm and deliver best-in-class people analytics infrastructure, including the design and implementation of a central data warehouse.

Who we're looking for
Ideal applicants will have a bachelor’s degree or higher and three to five years of relevant work experience developing automated analytical reporting products in a business setting. Experience building ETLs, manipulating data at scale, and overseeing the technical operations of data infrastructure is essential.
Knowledge of scripting languages for data retrieval and transformation (e.g., R, Python, SQL) is critical. The ability to collaborate with a product manager and software development team in the architecture of a central data warehouse that will facilitate efficient reporting automation is also vital.
Familiarity with business intelligence programs (e.g., Tableau, Power BI, Pentaho, Shiny) and leading practices in data visualization is desired.
Individuals who possess a dedicated customer service mentality, excellent interpersonal communication skills, an ability to see how small details impact the bigger picture, and a knack for rapid problem solving are highly sought after.
Willingness to dive into details, collaborate effectively with teammates, and drive projects to completion is imperative. The ability to exercise extreme discretion with confidential information is also essential.
People analytics experience is preferred but not required.

The members of the D. E. Shaw group do not discriminate in employment matters on the basis of race, color,
religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, sexual
orientation, marital status, disability, or any other category protected by law. Note that for us, this is more
than just a legal boilerplate. We are genuinely committed to these principles, which form an important part of
our corporate culture, and are eager to hear from extraordinarily well qualified individuals having a wide range
of backgrounds and personal characteristics.


Candidates to positions in D. E. Shaw group offices in the European Union (any such candidate, an "EU
Candidate") should click here for our EU Recruitment Personal Data Privacy Notice.

The D. E. Shaw group may collect, use, hold, transfer, and process candidates'' resumes and associated
information (including personal information contained therein) for purposes reasonably related to their
application, including without limitation: review and management of employment applications and supporting
materials; administration and management of offers to and communication with candidates; and administration,
management, and improvement of the recruiting operations of the D. E. Shaw group; and/or where reasonably
required in connection with a proposed sale, spin-out, reorganization, or outsourcing of all or some of the
business of the D. E. Shaw group. The D. E. Shaw group will not use such information for purposes unrelated to
the foregoing, such as direct marketing of third-party products to candidates, without candidate consent. As
used herein, the term "personal information" is meant to broadly describe information identifying or relating to
a specific individual; it is intended to encompass "personal data," "sensitive personal data," and "personally
identifiable information" and similar terms, as those terms are defined by law in the jurisdictions in which the D. E. Shaw group operates.

The D. E. Shaw group may transfer such personal information within and outside the country and jurisdiction of
the locations where the D. E. Shaw group maintains offices, to other D. E. Shaw group affiliates, to government
and regulatory authorities, and to third parties which provide or may provide support and/or services to the
D. E. Shaw group and for the purposes set forth above. The persons who may have access to this personal information
are other employees of the D. E. Shaw group, in connection with the performance of their duties of employment,
and the other parties listed above, in connection with the business of the D. E. Shaw group. (Of course,
candidates will be considered for employment opportunities only in those countries in which they express
interest.)

The D. E. Shaw group will use reasonable care to maintain the confidentiality of personal information
(including appropriate technical measures against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against
accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, such information) and will retain such data as
required by applicable law or regulation. Candidates have the right to request access to, and correction of,
their personal information in accordance with applicable law; any such request should be submitted
to recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.
Candidates who have submitted a resume to the D. E. Shaw group
and do not wish to proceed with their applications should email cvwithdraw@deshaw.com.
Personal information of candidates who have been the subject of background checks may have
been transferred in accordance with applicable regulations, including without limitation the E.U.-U.S.
Privacy Shield; any concerns with such transfers should be submitted to backgroundcheck-inquiries@deshaw.com.

The D. E. Shaw group may retain candidates’ information for use in future recruitment exercises;
candidates who
do not agree to such future use should email recruiting-inquiries@deshaw.com.

New York City HQ

1166 Avenue of the Americas

New York, NY 10036
