Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Mountain View, CA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Master's degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Bioinformatics, Economics) or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience in data analysis or related field as a Statistician, Data Scientist, Computational Biologist, or bioinformatician.
5 years of experience in people management or leadership.
Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages.
Preferred qualifications:
Doctorate's degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., Statistics, Operations Research, Bioinformatics, Economics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Electrical Engineering, Industrial Engineering).
12 years of tech industry work experience as a statistician, bioinformatician, or data scientist. Experience in statistical data analysis, such as linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, and sampling methods.
8 years of leadership experience, including people management.
Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data.
Ability to select the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem.
About the job


At Google, data drives all of our decision-making. Data Scientists work all across the organization to help shape Google's business and technical strategies by processing, analyzing and interpreting huge data sets. Using analytical excellence and statistical methods, you mine through data to identify opportunities for Google and our clients to operate more efficiently, from enhancing advertising efficacy to network infrastructure optimization to studying user behavior. As a Technical Lead, you do more than just crunch the numbers. You work with Engineers, Product Managers, Sales Associates and Marketing teams to adjust Google's practices according to your findings. Identifying the problem is only half the job; you also figure out the solution.

With your leadership and professional expertise, you manage a team of analysts, plan project goals and lead the overall strategy for your group. You are a recognized authority in your functional area and develop, organize and launch projects that span engineering and analysis.
Responsibilities
Work with large datasets and solve difficult analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods. Conduct end-to-end analyses, including data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Build and prototype analysis pipelines iteratively to provide insights at scale. Develop comprehensive understanding of Google data structures and metrics, advocating for changes for product development and sales activity.
Make business recommendations with effective presentations of findings at multiple levels of stakeholders through visual displays of quantitative information.
Research and develop analyses and forecasting and optimization methods across ads quality, search quality, end-user behavioral modeling, and live experiments.
Manage a data science team. Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of leaders and teams, and work closely with Engineers and Product Managers to identify opportunities for design and to assess improvements for Google products.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
