LivePerson is a transformational force in how Brands and Consumers communicate. With over 18,000 customers including Citi, HSBC, Disney, Verizon, and Home Depot, we are on a mission to make life easier for people and brands everywhere through trusted conversational AI. We believe in a future where conversations are the norm for getting your intentions fulfilled - whatever they are.

We are an innovative, intent-driven company that believes in building the future and we are looking for growth minded, unconventional thinkers to join the team.

You will thrive here if:

You can operate in a fast paced, dynamic environment

You nerd out about AI, how it can be applied, or how you can learn more about it (don't worry we'll help)

You believe data-led decision making is the norm

You see feedback or failure as motivation to learn and to grow

You relate to our core principles and want to work with experts in their respective fields

Reporting to the Director of Data, Models, and Decisions (DMD), the successful candidate has an opportunity to join an innovative data science and engineering team that's operationalizing data across the organization. We see model-driven processes and workflows as a means to reduce uncertainty, reveal opportunity, and generate operational leverage that collectively create a new dimension of competitive advantage and lay the foundation for new revenue streams.

In this role you will:
Apply cutting-edge machine learning methods to derive value from data across the company, including one of the world's largest goal-oriented conversational data sets
Solve challenging unsupervised and supervised learning problems that help redefine the Company's strategy and execution
Propose and execute research efforts integrated with production systems
Design and build a modern, flexible predictive analytics platform
Develop measurement strategy, control methodology, and experimental design
Simplify stakeholder access to novel insights and key performance indicators through conversational AI
Your qualifications are:
5+ years of experience deploying machine learning models in a production environment
Masters or PhD in Computational Linguistics, Computer Science, Statistics, Physics, Mathematics, or another quantitative field
Ability to write Python code that is efficient and clean
Experience with distributed computing frameworks such as Spark and Hadoop
Experience with scripting languages working in a Linux environment
Ability to work closely with teammates in a highly collaborative environment and simultaneously be a self-starter with strong individual contributions
Experience with Python packages for data science and machine learning, including pandas and scikit-learn
Experience modeling to production and monitoring performance pre- and post-launch
Ability to collaborate with stakeholders and quantify ROI to help ensure model adoption
Why you'll love working here:

LivePerson was named to FastCompany's World's most innovative companies of 2020 list for the Artificial Intelligence category. We offer amazing colleagues along with opportunities to push your own limits to grow. We embrace invention and experimentation. You'll have great benefits plus flexible time off and free lunch on Fridays. Most importantly, you'll have an ability to make an impact at work and at brands across the globe as we build the future with trusted Conversational AI together.

At LivePerson, people from diverse backgrounds come together to do their best work and be their authentic selves. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.
