NYU Grossman School of Medicine is one of the nation’s top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU Grossman School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the Grossman School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary:

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Data Analyst.

The Data Analyst will work directly with Dr. Horwitz, the Director of the Division of Healthcare Delivery Science and the Center for Healthcare Innovations and Delivery Science, as well as the Rapid RCT Lab. We are seeking a qualified Data Analyst to provide support for data management and analyses across the Rapid RCT portfolio of projects. The Data Analyst will be responsible for planning, designing, and implementing statistical analyses. A successful applicant will be able to work autonomously and comfortably in an academic medical center environment.

Job Responsibilities:
Maintain existing data collection and analysis systems in support of the research protocol
Under direct supervision by the Division Director and with the guidance of the team’s lead biostatistician, conduct basic statistical analyses and present them to the team
Support the development of publications and conference presentations, including drafting academic and nonacademic publications, writing conference abstracts, conducting lit reviews and creating tables and other data visualizations for presentations
Work with staff and others to facilitate automation of standard, recurrent data acquisition, management, analysis and reporting
Design and conduct analyses pertaining to data acquired thorough various data sources
Create descriptive data summaries including visualizations and written descriptions of data findings for a wide range of audiences
Provide technical assistance to analysts and researchers in accessing and analyzing datasets, as needed
Minimum Qualifications:
To qualify you must have a Masters degree in health care economics, health care policy, applied statistics, data science, biostatistics or a Bachelors degree with relevant work experience
Strong quantitative skills and advanced programming skills in Stata, SAS, and/or R
At least 2 years of work experience and/or research experience in a relevant setting
Ability to select and apply appropriate statistical methods for collecting and summarizing varied data
Excellent organization, time management, and communication skills and the ability to work both independently and as part of a collaborative research team
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of principles and methods of biostatistics; principles, theories, and procedures of epidemiology, including study design, statistical analysis, and causal inference
Appropriate computer processing methods used to generate, organize and display statistical and research data; and standard English grammar, spelling, and usage
Strong attention to detail
Problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Planning/organizational skills
Personal motivation
Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.

If you wish to view NYU Grossman School of Medicine’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
