We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist with a marketing analytics background to join the Spotify Product Insights team in New York City. As part of the Growth Opportunities department, you will lead insights for a new team focused on Automated Marketing for new user acquisition.

The Automated Marketing product area represents the art and science of bringing the right content to the right users, at scale. Thanks to the power of Machine Learning, the depth of Spotify’s catalog and our large userbase, we can enable technology that allows us to automate, measure and optimize the effectiveness of our acquisition marketing campaigns across paid channels.

Acquisition Marketing focuses on driving efficient and effective user acquisition through advertising and we are pioneering the way in which we use data, analytics and advanced data science to execute and optimize our global marketing. You will measure and provide optimization recommendations for acquisition marketing campaigns, improve our marketing effectiveness through experimentation, and communicate insights across the organization.

We are looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our team that will lead experimentation efforts in key marketing channels. This role will support the full cycle of an experiment (from data-driven hypothesis generation to test design to analysis and interpretation) while also innovating on experimental methodologies that allow us to obtain meaningful results.
What You'll Do
Work as part of a cross-functional team of product, data science, tech, design, user research, and marketing that aims to propel Spotify’s user growth by fostering a culture of impact and performance
Lead the design, analysis, and interpretation of experiments that shape decision-making around acquisition marketing at Spotify
Establish learning agendas, measurement plans and success metrics in close coordination with marketing teams and stakeholders
Set a strategic framework to identify and prioritize new projects by evaluating and forecasting their potential for growth impact
Drive innovation by developing new experimentation methodologies, statistical techniques, and causal-inference approaches that could sharpen our marketing decision-making process
Who You Are
You have 4+ years of experience in marketing analytics or business intelligence (focused in marketing) with a proven track record of delivering performance results required
You have an understanding of digital media (social, search, display) required
You have strong analytical skills, including analysis and modeling of big data, statistics, A/B testing, and experimental design (required)
You have strong SQL skills and advanced programmatic expertise, like R or Python (required)
You have data visualization skills required (e.g. Tableau)
You have familiarity with marketing tracking platforms (e.g. Adjust, DoubleClick, Google Tag Manager, Google Analytics) preferred
You have experience in executing incrementality testing with marketing platforms (FB, Twitter, Snapchat, Google) preferred
You have a passion for translating business objectives into actionable analyses and results into business and product recommendations
You are a highly motivated and flexible individual with the ability to lead cross-functional teams and drive projects to successful and timely delivery
You thrive in a dynamic environment and are able to execute with autonomy
You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.
Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
