OnPoint is a connected solutions business within Koch Engineered Solutions, a unit of Koch Industries, Inc., that leverages unique engineering capabilities and expertise in combination with digital technology. The OnPoint solutions portfolio drives advanced, actionable insights to help customers identify root causes, analyze performance, and optimize equipment as well as plant operations to improve efficiency, yield, reliability, environmental performance, and safety.

OnPoint Digital Solutions is looking for a Data Scientist to join our competitive data analytics and software development team. OnPoint is a new Koch engineered digital solutions company, focused to provide actionable insights for our customers to enable real time monitoring and optimization of their operations. OnPoint combines our deep subject matter expertise in combustion, distillation, separation, filtration with digital technology to deliver new solutions and technology which will create value for our customers. The Data Scientist will work with a dynamic team and be responsible for delivering A.I. algorithms to solve problem in industrial arena and expand the capability of our analytics platform to deploy the developed solutions at scale.

A Day In The Life Typically Includes:
Research, design and develop machine learning algorithms as part of the product development team
Perform Root Cause Analysis leveraging data science on large industrial problems related to process control, process engineering, and discrete manufacturing environments
Collaborate with our process engineering teams as the expert in applied data science and machine learning techniques
Use industry technologies, tools, and data mining frameworks for data analytics including data visualization for analyzing, optimizing, developing hypotheses, and drawing conclusions
What You Will Need:

Basic Qualifications:
3+ years of industry experience analyzing data sets and applying machine learning to assist decision making and solve industrial problems
3+ years of experience building and deploying scalable A.I. models using state of the art learning algorithms.
3+ years of experience on building models from ground up using python and packages like sklearn, pandas, xgboost, tensorflow and keras as well as tools such as Jupyter notebook
Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics, Data Science, Engineering, or Statistics from an accredited institution
What Will Put You Ahead?

Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree or PhD in Mathematics, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Physics, Data Science or Statistics from an accredited institution
Ability to comprehend research papers and implement it
2+ years of experience working with web services like AWS, Azure or Google cloud.
Experience deploying models to production and maintain models in a commercial setup
The ability to communicate results clearly and a focus on driving impact
Salary and benefits commensurate with experience.
We are an equal opportunity employer. Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran
Except where prohibited by state law, all offers of employment are conditioned upon successfully passing a drug test.

This employer uses E-Verify. Please visit the following website for additional information: www.kochcareers.com/doc/Everify.pdf
