Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Sr. Data Scientist for the DOPE:
Neurotechnology team. The Data Scientist will be responsible for developing and
maintaining machine learning algorithms which correlate neurological states
with audio visual content for a consumer facing ML based Neurotechnology
platform. This position will be responsible for the integrity and effectiveness
of the ML algorithms and databases that power this platform.

The Daily
Hands-on design and ML development work to identify multi-channel sentic
modulation across various biometric device types.
Determine/refine approaches to create a machine learning model to
classify biometric sentic modulation into neurological states.
Determine/refine approaches and methods to identify noise patterns and
false positives across biometric device types.
Determine/refine approaches to create a machine learning model to
identify characters and objects within audio video content.
Design ML model to identify objects/characters within audio visual
content.
Identify & classify biometric noise types.
Document parts of the current and future processing framework.
Work closely with other groups to onboard new biometric device types.
This includes collaborating with Television, Digital Networks,
Theatrical, Business Intelligence, Talent, Content Ops, Biz Ops,
Distribution, et al.
Participate in development/system/database operations as needed (devops,
sysops, and DBA work).

The Essentials
PhD in Computer or Data Science (or similar doctoral degree) is required.
Education/Training in Business is optional but helpful, e.g. MBA,
Finance, Accounting, Marketing.
10+ years developing complex algorithms for ML based systems and/or
biometrics.
10+ years Digital Signal Processing experience.
10+ years Computer Vision knowledge.
10+ years Biometric device and data processing knowledge.
5+ years Python development and Bash scripting.
5+ years SQL on 1 or 2 DBMS, e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, Redshift, Snowflake,
or other mainstream DBMS.
Background in Video Platforms is very helpful, e.g. NETFLIX, Google,
YouTube, Amazon, Pluto TV, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, as well as
Salesforce, NetSuite, SAP NetWeaver, Omniture clickstream.
Big Data related experience, e.g. Redshift, Vertica, Presto, Spark SQL,
Kafka, Kinesis, Hadoop, AWS Lambda, Glue.
Cloud experience, ideally AWS -- or alternate, e.g. Azure or Google Cloud
Compute.
Business platform API development experience with Google/YouTube &
Facebook.
Background in other sw development languages, e.g. Ruby, Java,
JavaScript, Scala.
Experience w/ gaming, entertainment, and Internet monetization business
models.
Basic understanding of electrical circuits.
Experience with acquiring and analyzing data from electrical
measurements.
Some experience with MLs image processing.
