About Us:
We are able to operate at a low cost while delivering advanced capabilities to our clients by building and operating highly automated systems in all aspects of its business. We offer award-winning desktop, mobile and web applications which provide our clients with the tools they need to be successful. The company was founded by a software engineer to rewrite the rules of trading by automating anything and everything. Software development is the lifeblood of our firm, and it shows. Our engineers work with latest technology, command respect in the firm, and have competitive compensation packages.

We are looking for a Data Scientist. The successful candidate will execute analytical tasks on large data sets to support decision makers and provide insight and reports about our platforms. The data scientist role will use data to help us better understand who our clients are, how they engage with our products and services and how we can better serve them by identifying interesting and useful trends in our data. You will make an impact by using your passion for data and analysis to generate actionable insights that we will use to improve the experience for our clients.

* Must be able to work full-time at job location. We will not offer remote or contract work.

Responsibilities:
Collect and analyze various telemetry and behavioral data
Produce daily metrics and reports
Clean and prepare data for Machine Learning and A.I.
Assist with designing and running A/B tests
Automate frequently used reporting and data analysis workflows
Work closely with software engineers and architects to extract, transform and standardize data for optimal use for analytic tools

Qualifications
Bachelors in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related fields; Masters strongly preferred
2+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role
2+ years of Java coding experience
2+ years mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends, producing meaningful and actionable reports
Experience using statistical programming languages, machine learning and other toolkits and techniques for analyzing large, complex datasets
Technical proficiency with transforming structured and unstructured data sets
Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy
Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability

We offer:
Excellent Medical , fully paid by company
Comprehensive Dental and Vision
Discretionary performance bonus
Flex Spending Account
Commuter Reimbursement Account
Matching 401K
Stock Incentive Plan
Vacation
Life Insurance
Lunch Paid by company

Company Overview
We are a low-cost provider of trade execution and clearing services for active traders, institutional investors, financial advisors and introducing brokers. Our premier technology provides electronic access to stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, and funds worldwide from a single Integrated Investment account. We are one of the largest online brokers by trade volume and is consistently ranked at the top of its field.

Our employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced, results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-art trading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronic access, and sophisticated risk management tools.

Our headquarters are in Greenwich, CT, USA. We have offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Hungary, Estonia, Russia, India, Hong Kong, China, Japan and Australia. We are a member of NYSE, FINRA, and SIPC. We are regulated by securities and commodities agencies around the world.
