Posted: Apr 22, 2020
Role Number:
200167176
At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. If you are a results-oriented, energetic individual who is not afraid of challenges, we’re looking for you. Apple is seeking an expert Data Scientist to join a team passionate about Data Science & Analytics for Apple Media Products (AMP) covering search and discovery across Apple Services. This role will involve working with Internet-scale search data across numerous product, undertaking in-depth quantitative analysis and building machine learning models to drive product and strategy. The team’s culture centers around rapid iteration with open feedback and debate along the way, plus strong collaboration with product, engineering, business, and marketing partners.
Key Qualifications
3+ years demonstrated ability in a Data Scientist or Data Analyst role, preferably from a role passionate about search and discovery. Proven experience in music, mobile apps, or video content is a plus.
Strong proficiency with SQL-based languages. Experience with large scale analytics technologies such as Hadoop and Spark preferred
Familiarity with Python or R and data visualization tools such as Tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation.
We seek experience using relevant statistical and machine learning methods for building predictive models and knowledge of A/B test experimentation design.
Proficiency with text mining and NLP methods.
Curious business attitude with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action.
Excellent communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail.
Strong time management skills with the ability to handle work to tight deadlines and the pressure of executive requests.
Description
Dive deep into large-scale data to uncover trends and identify key insights that will drive Apple Services product and design strategy. Craft how best to supervise, measure and understand product and business performance. Collaborate with business, marketing, finance and executive teams to generate regular presentations for C-level. Partner with other Apple organizations on data gathering, data governance, evangelizing key performance indicators and democratizing data. Your creative skills will be utilized daily.
Education & Experience
Minimum of a Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or related field. Ideally, Masters or PhD in related field.
