Senior Data Scientist, Real World Evidence

We're looking for a Senior Data Scientist to join our Data Insights team and help us accomplish our mission of improving lives by learning from the experience of every cancer patient. Here's what you need to know about the role, our team and why Flatiron Health is the right next step in your career.

What you will do

Data Insights is a diverse and talented team with strong expertise in discovering, prototyping and launching new data products. As a Senior Data Scientist on this team, you will define data strategy, drive technical execution, and help us create the next generation of our real-world evidence data products.

You will be embedded on a newly formed team within our Real World Evidence business line. This team is focused on developing new research variables and analytic models that can advance our data products. You will be tasked with curating high quality clinical research variables from structured and unstructured data sources using creative data science approaches. You’ll then work cross-functionally with software engineers, quantitative scientists and oncologists to productionize and validate these new variables, and ultimately empower our Life Science customers to do higher quality research with real-world data. All throughout this process you’ll contribute to the data science tools and platforms that scale our team’s ability to unlock new value from Flatiron data.

To do that, you will:
Immerse yourself in the technical and clinical contexts that inform how health information is documented at the point of care
Apply a wide range of data science techniques to iteratively prototype new approaches to turn raw clinical data into high quality research variables
Rapidly iterate on early stage products where a hybrid skill set of product intuition, customer empathy and technical expertise is essential
Develop analytical tools that scale our team’s ability to derive novel insights from Flatiron’s data
Do this all while mentoring team members and guiding them to tackle bigger and more complex problems
Who You Are

You are an entrepreneurial, customer-focused data scientist, experienced in driving new data capabilities. You are excited by the prospect of tackling meaningful problems each and every day. You are a kind, passionate and collaborative problem-solver who seeks and gives candid feedback, and values the chance to make a real impact on people’s lives. In addition:
You have an advanced degree in a quantitative field &/or have a minimum of 4 years of working experience in an analytical and technical capacity.
You have experience in or are excited to learn to apply a broad spectrum of techniques from data science and machine learning to solve complex clinical or business problems.
You have worked with open source data science tools and languages (R/Python) and are interested in contributing to them yourself (bonus points for experience doing so!)
You are value-oriented and practical in how you apply data to problems, and understand what it takes to build sustainable products at scale
You already exemplify Flatiron values and are eager to be a cultural champion for them: you are vocally self-critical, willing to sit on the floor, and focused on solving problems that matter
Why You Should Join Our Team

A career at Flatiron is a chance to work with everyone involved in the future of cancer care and research—all under one roof. Researchers, data scientists, designers, clinicians, technologists and many more all work together to improve cancer care and accelerate research.

At Flatiron, we strive to build and maintain an environment where employees from all backgrounds are valued, respected and have the opportunity to succeed. You'll also find a culture of continuous learning, broad and inclusive employee support offerings, and a commitment to supporting our team members in all aspects of their lives—at home, at work and everywhere in between. We offer:
Flatiron University training curriculum which includes presentation skills, meeting mastery, coding languages and more
Career coaching opportunities
Hackathons for all employees (not just our engineers!)
Professional development benefits for attending conferences, industry events and external courses
Work/life autonomy via flexible work hours and flexible paid time off
Generous parental leave (16 weeks for either parent)
Back-up child care
Flatiron-sponsored fitness classes
Flatiron Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.

We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.
