Machine Learning Researcher / Data Scientist

Global Investment Firm

J Harlan Group is currently conducting a search for a Machine Learning Researcher / Data Scientist at a prominent Global Investment Firm in NYC.

Machine learning researchers at the firm create novel machine learning approaches to financial applications. They utilize their creativity and innovation to help the firm trade profitably in markets around the globe. All types of learning and AI, including deep learning and statistical learning, are potentially relevant.

You’ll work with smart, talented people across their business to create groundbreaking, next-generation data intensive machine learning applications. You’ll be involved, hands-on, through the entire cycle.

They will expect you to be agile / to lead / to think outside the box. In return, they’ll give you challenging work that has an impact / Opportunities to learn and grow / and a collaborative culture that encourages every member of our team to bring their point of view to the table—because that’s how we help our clients succeed.

Principal Responsibilities:

The team is tasked with building next generation of advanced statistical and machine learning methods to produce models and prescriptive data that result in better decisions by their Portfolio Managers, Analysts, and Traders, Quants and / or applications.

Specific responsibilities include designing, implementing, testing experimentally and scaling up new models for forecasting asset prices, developing new tradeable signals, and other financial applications.

The ideal candidate would have a background and a deep passion for working with machine learning techniques within the investment community.
Strong computer science and technical background with exceptionally, creative “Hands-On” High Impact Machine Learning Research and Applications experience - All types of learning and AI, including deep learning and statistical learning, are potentially relevant.
Experience and a high level of interest in financial markets (with prior experience a big plus) – candidates from both industry and academia with broad experience across multiple fields of Machine Learning is a plus.
Ability to work in an open collaborative and highly charged investment environment.
Strong desire to contribute and build a business – not just solve novel problems.
Ability to work with a wide range of users – traders, portfolio managers, research analysts, quants and the wider investment management team to develop and implement technology in support of a dynamically growing investment platform
An individual who loves solving deep and complex technical and business problems and wants to have an outsized impact with the services/ products they deliver. An individual with a passion for machine learning , high level of intellectual curiosity, a commitment to excellence and an unparalleled drive to deliver world-class services.

About the Client:

The firm is a prominent multinational investment management firm. The company manages a variety of investment funds that make extensive use of quantitative methods and proprietary computational technology to support fundamental research in the management of its investments.

They have a relentlessly focuses on innovation and integration: innovation in new products, markets and businesses as well as new tools, models and technology management and performance structures; integration of fundamental research, quantitative strategies and technical analysis, all supported by an intensive focus on operational excellence and comprehensive risk management.

The talent and dedication of their people is critical to their success. They offer an opportunity for developing one’s professional career while working with individuals trained in a variety of disciplines in a collegial and dynamic environment. They offer a broad range of competitive benefits on a global basis.

They seek candidates who are high-energy self-starters who want to join an investment management firm on the leading edge of the global markets. The management team needs individuals of the highest professional caliber who are leaders, problem solvers, analytic, detail-oriented, and entrepreneurial. Everyone at the firm works side-by-side with the firm’s senior management in a highly collaborative and charged environment.

Successful candidates are:
Analytic and relentless in pursuit of the right answer
Strong communicators who excel at rapid synthesis
Able to demonstrate sound business judgment
Able to digest complexity while maintaining an understanding of the “big picture” of business needs
Team players who are energized by a collaborative enterprise
The firm’s employees maintain the highest professional and ethical standards. The firm has earned a reputation for honesty, fair dealing, and transparency in a competitive industry. They believe that these standards are the foundation for superior investment performance and are critical to delivering performance to clients
