11 West 19th Street (22008), United States of America, New York, New York

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Principal Associate, Data Scientist - Small Business Card, Entity Resolution

Data is at the center of everything we do. As a startup, we disrupted the credit card industry by individually personalizing every credit card offer using statistical modeling and the relational database, cutting edge technology in 1988! Fast-forward a few years, and this little innovation and our passion for data has skyrocketed us to a Fortune 200 company and a leader in the world of data-driven decision-making.

As a Data Scientist at Capital One, youll be part of a team thats leading the next wave of disruption at a whole new scale, using the latest in computing and machine learning technologies and operating across billions of customer records to unlock the big opportunities that help everyday people save money, time and agony in their financial lives.

Team Description:

Small Business Card (SBC) is one of the critical lines of business within Capital One. The business has been growing massively year over year on the heels of a robust strategic agenda around building business-grade solutions to meet the needs of small businesses across the nation. Data is at the core of our strategy. We face the unique challenge of serving small businesses not just an individual consumer. Every day we put ourselves in the shoes of our small business owners to understand their needs and help them succeed. Like a start-up, this customer-first approach has powered tremendous growth, tripling the size of our business in the last 5 years. And we have no intention of stopping there, we see even more attractive opportunities on the horizon.

Role Description:

In this role, you will:
Partner with a cross-functional team of data scientists, software engineers, and product managers to deliver a product customers love
Leverage a broad stack of technologies Python, Conda, AWS, H2O, Spark, and more to reveal the insights hidden within huge volumes of numeric and textual data
Build machine learning models through all phases of development, from design through training, evaluation, validation, and implementation
Flex your interpersonal skills to translate the complexity of your work into tangible business goals
The Ideal Candidate is:
Customer first. You love the process of analyzing and creating, but also share our passion to do the right thing. You know at the end of the day its about making the right decision for our customers.
Innovative. You continually research and evaluate emerging technologies. You stay current on published state-of-the-art methods, technologies, and applications and seek out opportunities to apply them.
Creative. You thrive on bringing definition to big, undefined problems. You love asking questions and pushing hard to find answers. Youre not afraid to share a new idea.
A leader. You challenge conventional thinking and work with stakeholders to identify and improve the status quo. Your passionate about talent development for your own team and beyond.
Technical. Youre comfortable with open-source languages and are passionate about developing further. You have hands-on experience developing data science solutions using open-source tools and cloud computing platforms.
Statistically-minded. Youve built models, validated them, and backtested them. You know how to interpret a confusion matrix or a ROC curve. You have experience with clustering, classification, sentiment analysis, time series, and deep learning.
A data guru. Big data doesnt phase you. You have the skills to retrieve, combine, and analyze data from a variety of sources and structures. You know understanding the data is often the key to great data science.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree plus 5 years of experience in data analytics, or Masters Degree plus 3 years in data analytics, or PhD
At least 1 year of experience in open source programming languages for large scale data analysis
At least 1 year of experience with machine learning
At least 1 year of experience with relational databases
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) plus 3 years of experience in data analytics, or PhD in STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics)
At least 1 year of experience working with AWS
At least 3 years experience in Python, Scala, or R
At least 3 years experience with machine learning
At least 3 years experience with SQL
Capital One will consider sponsoring a new qualified applicant for employment authorization for this position.
