Learn and work on meaningful initiatives with some of the best and brightest in the market research industry. The NPD Group provides the world’s most successful brands with leading market research, combining consumer and retail point-of-sale data with analytic solutions to interpret today’s market trends while anticipating tomorrow’s. In addition, we offer a career filled with innovation and growth to the forward-thinking problem solvers who join our team. Position Overview NPD group is looking for a data scientist with significant statistical modeling and programming experience. This position exists within the Methodology team, a core function in Research Science that is responsible for building models and code that help achieve quality outcomes. Sampling of issues we might tackle: Differential non response Selection bias Differential use of scales Differential recruitment Data imputation Ecological inference Quantifying uncertainty Choosing between alternate methodologies Identifying spurious drivers / sources of bias Sampling of techniques we might use: Multilevel regression and post stratification (MRP) Multilevel modeling / hierarchical modeling Propensity-adjustments Matching Raking Post-stratification Causal modeling Generative models Optimization Artificial intelligence Although modeling expertise is central to this role, candidates will also benefit from experience modifying model-based approaches to be used at production scale. Also helpful is experience triangulating estimates from disparate data sources with different sample frames, levels of measurement, and frequency of collection. The ideal candidate will be an experienced statistical programmer using R who also has experience working with survey and sales data, refining and developing methodological improvements, and familiarity with or willingness to learn Agile or Lean approaches to developing new product improvements. Responsibilities: Use various modeling approaches to design enhancements to NPD methodologies Quantify improvements to data due to modeling Carry out tests of alternative implementations of these enhancements Making sure code to implement models on an ongoing basis is robust by creating unit tests Investigating unexpected results and brainstorming alternative methodological solutions. Provide peer mentoring of other team members via code reviews, pair programming, unit test/acceptance test reviews, and brainstorming sessions. Adopt and continue to improve usage of development practices and patterns, such as test-driven development, version control, and use of agile management tools. Conduct original research-on-research (e.g., through simulations and/or evaluations of historical data) to improve methodologies, processes, and data integrity for both survey and scanner (point-of-sale) data. Promote consistency in implementation of designed enhancements across different businesses Maintain relationships with Research Science client teams to understand what is working well with NPD methodology and what could be improved Listen to internal customers and build an understanding of their needs before building solutions Communicate results and procedures in a concise and polished manner to diverse internal stakeholders Back up assertions with facts, and design experiments to quantify or reduce uncertainty when dealing with the unknown Qualifications: Degree in statistics, quantitative social science, computer science, mathematics, or related fields is required. Graduate-level experience preferred. 6+ years of work experience, with solid breadth and depth of knowledge of statistical and analytic techniques. Excellent time management and creative problem solving skills. Experience with data analysis in R is required. Experience with additional languages and/or more extensive proficiency in R preferred. Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences. Experience with one or more development methodologies (Agile, Lean, Scrum) is preferred. Experience with tools for managing software development is preferred (tools such as JIRA, Confluence, Github/Gitlab issue tracker, Trello, Team Foundation Server/DevOps Server, etc). Location: We would prefer to find a candidate who can work from either our corporate headquarters in Port Washington, NY, or one of our other largest offices, in Rosemont, IL. However, we are committed to finding the right candidate across all US locations. We have offices in many US cities, including: Chicago, IL; New York, NY; Los Angeles, CA; San Diego, CA; Cincinnati, OH; Boulder, CO; Bentonville, AR; Greensboro, NC; Houston, TX. The NPD Group, Inc. is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
