One of the largest health insurers in the nation is focused on continuously building an industry-defining, world-class IT capability. Healthcare is forever evolving, especially due to emerging technologies, making this a great experience to add to your resume. Come join their winning team! This contract role as a Data Scientist in Chicago, IL is responsible for employing advanced analytical techniques to create and drive the adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. Requirements Bachelor s degree and 3 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field OR Actuarial credential or Master s degree and 2 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field OR Ph.D. in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field OR 6 years experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field. Strong learning and growth mindset Customer-focused Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills. Must demonstrate proficiency in at least four of the following six areas 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages 2) machine learning andor statistical modeling 3) data visualization 4) a high-level programming language 5) distributed computing 6) understanding of healthcare. Proficiency in Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. Preferably with Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or Bachelor s Degree with significant healthcare experience. Responsibilities Apply data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. Leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs. Develop, create, and implement data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. Develop, create, and implement analytical processes for automated machine-driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible. Present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making. Identify new data sources, drive collection of data, and identify use cases for existing data sources. Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable. Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable. Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with co-workers, management, customers, etc. Comply with HIPAA, Diversity Principles, Corporate Integrity, Compliance Program policies, and other applicable corporate and departmental policies. Maintain communication with management regarding development within areas of assigned responsibilities and perform special projects as required or requested. Benefits Solving IT is pleased to offer a rich benefit plan to our W2 employees. We offer four health plan options and a PPO dental plan through Blue Cross Blue Shield, Term LifeADD Insurance, Long and Short Term Disability, and 401(k) Savings Plan. Solving IT subsidizes the health and dental premium for the employee. As you continue to develop your skills and experience, Solving IT will work with your changing preferences to match you with rewarding projects. Our unrivaled reputation for quality is demonstrated through our Inavero Best of Staffing award that was won due to the feedback from our own clients and candidates. We also love to socialize and have fun so we have regularly scheduled parties and events for you to unwind and network with fellow consultants. Whether you are searching for your next challenge or just looking to stay on top of market trends, Solving IT is committed to help position you appropriately. By leveraging the latest market and compensation data available, you can rest assured that you are getting more than just an informed opinion. You are getting the Solving IT Experience. www.solvingit.com
