We create a safe space for communities to thrive.


OpenWeb (formerly Spot.IM) is on a mission to increase the quality of conversations online. We build technologies that create thriving and engaged communities, reduce toxicity, and increase safety - improving the quality of civil discourse and supporting independent journalism. Today, OpenWeb works with more than 700 top-tier publishers (including News Corp, Verizon Media, CBS, Fox News, Hearst, Refinery 29 and more) and hosts 100 million monthly active users.

Founded in 2012, OpenWeb has over 100 employees between New York City and Tel Aviv. We are backed by world-class investors including Insight Partners, Index Ventures, AltaIR Capital, ScaleUp, and Norma Investments. Together, we are empowering individuals to take action, and demand more from one another. We're crafting technology that naturally brings people together and fosters healthy discussionso they have more dinner-table talks and less shouting matches online. It starts with us. Let's take the web back from the trolls - together. Are you in?

How You'll Contribute as our VP of Data Science:
What: Fully own the establishment of a new department from scratch whose goal is to enter new markets, accelerate business transformation, and grow revenue by using our data resources in the form you think is most effective
Develop the department by using your technical knowledge in data science and your adtech industry experience to shape the overall data strategy
Drive the development of engineering and analytical tools, technology, and data acquisition
Hire, manage, and retain a strong, centralized team to support you in executing the plans
The Skills and Experience You Bring:
Extensive experience of at least 10+ years in leading data science teams and complex initiatives
Previous experience in digital advertising, targeting, advertising optimization products, or other related ad-tech products
Deep understanding of the ad-tech ecosystem
Demonstrated ability to self-motivate, guide teams, and work in executives teams while being flexible within a fast-paced and ever changing environment
Advantage for hands on experience with emerging statistical methods/techniques (e.g. machine learning and/or artificial intelligence)
The OpenWeb Culture

We offer a dynamic and unconventional work environment that spans from NYC to Tel Aviv, bringing together a diverse group of world class and high-caliber techies, wordsmiths, entrepreneurs, and creative thinkers. We empower every individual across our global team to be a catalyst for change and strive to create a work environment where you can have the utmost autonomy over your role and projects, from start to finish. If you want to join an innovative tech company where you can challenge yourself, have the freedom to own your work, and make a lasting impact, then you have a spot within our growing community!

OpenWeb is committed to building diverse teams and upholding an equal employment workplace that is free from discrimination. We hire amazing individuals regardless of their race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy, medical conditions, genetic information, disability, or Veteran status.

Build your skills with us as you build a better web for everyone. Join us!

Also, we care about your privacy! Please take a moment to review OpenWeb's Privacy Practice
