Job ID
762858BR

Location

New York, New York, United States

Business
Disney Streaming Services

Date posted
Jul. 02, 2020
Job Summary:
Comprised of Disney’s international media businesses and the Company’s various streaming services, the Direct-to-Consumer and International (DTCI) segment aligns technology, content and distribution platforms to expand the Company’s global footprint and deliver world-class, personalized entertainment experiences to consumers around the world.

The Walt Disney Company’s Direct-to-Consumer and International segment (DTCI) is a global, multiplatform media, technology and distribution organization for high-quality content created by Disney’s Studio Entertainment and Media Networks groups.

DTCI includes Disney’s international media operations and the Company’s direct-to-consumer businesses globally, including the upcoming Disney-branded direct-to-consumer streaming service, the Company’s ownership stake in Hulu, and the ESPN+ sports streaming service, programmed in partnership with ESPN. BAMTECH Media, developer of the ESPN+ and Disney-branded streaming platforms, oversees all consumer-facing digital technology and products across the Company as part of the Direct-to-Consumer and International segment.

Disney Streaming Services (DSS) is seeking a Data Scientist to focus on informing business decisions through data modeling, analysis and insights generation. You will focus on improving business results through the combination of statistical rigor, data analysis, and fast paced execution with an emphasis on driving actionable business recommendations.
Responsibilities:

Modeling, Forecasting, and Opportunity Sizing: Both to set goals and help evaluate potential opportunities, this data scientist will be tasked with creating models that ascribe value to content and can inform content development decisions.
Support Insights and Visualization of Complex Data sets: Development of prototype solutions, mathematical models, algorithms, machine learning models and robust analytics leading to actionable insights communicated clearly and visually.
Contribute to Product Features: Build/test offers, personalization and recommendation experiences by analyzing complex data sets and developing algorithms to produce results with the goal of increasing customer engagement and retention.
Partner: Partner closely with business stakeholders to identify and unlock opportunities, and with other data teams to improve platform capabilities around data modeling, data visualization, experimentation and data architecture.
Basic Qualifications:

3+ years of professional data science/analytical experience
3+ years of professional experience using data-building and statistical programming languages: SAS, Python, R, SQL
Practical experience and expertise in applied statistics and data science methodologies (general advanced data modeling and predictive analytics e.g., multivariate regression analysis, machine learning, forecasting, Bayesian estimation)
Experience with data exploration utilizing data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker, Pandas, ggplot2, Plotly)
Experience with distributed databases and query languages like Spark and Scala
Ability to think strategically, including interpreting market and consumer information
Ability to simplify highly complex analyses into terms that are easily accessible and impactful for both written and verbal formats
Demonstrated ability to present data science results and actionable recommendations to business and technical clients
Intellectually curious, analytically rigorous, hard-working, good work ethic and an on-point business intuition
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in e-commerce, consumer products, retail or digital products strongly preferred
Experience in customer analytics, including lifetime value analysis, customer propensity, retention, forecasting, and customer segmentation strongly preferred
Knowledge and professional application of machine learning algorithms (SVM, Random Forest, Naive Bayes, KNN, etc.) and modern deep learning techniques (PyTorch, Keras/Tensorflow) is a plus
Required Education
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research or a related field
Preferred Education
PhD or MS degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Operations Research, CS, Econometrics or related field
Additional Information:
DSSDATA

About Disney Streaming Services:


Disney Streaming Services is responsible for developing and operating The Walt Disney Company’s direct-to-consumer video businesses globally, including the ESPN+ premium sports streaming service; Disney+, the dedicated streaming home for entertainment from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic and BAMTECH Media, a global leader in direct-to-consumer video streaming products and solutions. Our core mission is to deliver global audiences the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location. We serve consumers by bringing the world’s most beloved characters, timeless stories, legendary athletes, and epic sporting events to global audiences through best-in-class direct-to-consumer video services. We strive daily to imaginatively challenge convention with innovative technology that gives consumers the freedom to access content on their terms across any connected device, time or location.

About The Walt Disney Company:


The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.
This position is with Disney Streaming Services LLC, which is part of a business segment we call Disney Streaming Services.

Disney Streaming Services LLC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.
