Pizza is at the heart of our communities. From birthday parties to gameday potlucks, life’s special moments are bettered by the craftsmanship and tradition found behind local pizzerias’ counters. We’re here to make sure these iconic small businesses serve our communities for generations to come by giving them the digital tools and services commonly found at big chains. Can you imagine what a small mom and pop pizza shop could achieve with the resources of Domino’s?

As the Principal of Data Science, you have an amazing opportunity to take a lead role with technical authority for a leading marketplace technology company. You will be hands-on while managing a team of data scientists to develop and implement machine learning algorithms and personalization products that directly impact our customers. You will be partnering closely with our product, engineering and business stakeholders to open up new opportunities and accelerate the growth of the business. Your strong foundations in mathematics, statistics and machine learning and exceptional communication and leadership skills will bring unique insights into our strategy. Your passion for solving problems and sense of urgency will fuel the success of the team. You will report to the Director of Data Science.

What we’re looking for:
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operation Research or equivalent quantitative fields. PhD preferred
6+ years of industry/academic experience in data science, machine learning or a related field using mainstream languages such as Python, Spark etc
Demonstrated craft in modeling and optimization techniques tailored to meet business needs
Experience in developing production level code or partnering with engineering teams to deliver product features
Track record of developing junior members from academia/industry to advance their careers in a business environment
Familiarity with programming languages such as Java, C++, Perl
Experience in product management a plus
About Slice:

Slice powers independent pizzerias with the specialized technology, data insights, and shared services they need to serve today’s digital-minded customers. This united network of pizzerias enables these small businesses to thrive against major corporate chains and form the nation’s largest marketplace for authentic pizza. Slice makes it easy for customers to order from their go-to shops and discover their next favorite.

Serial tech entrepreneur Ilir Sela started Slice to solve the digital challenges his family’s New York City pizzerias faced. Today, the Slice team has grown to over 700+ across 5 offices globally. If you’re ambitious, interested in growing your career, and hungry to join one of the fastest growing companies in tech, we may have a role for you. Check out a few awards we’ve recently won for our workplace and culture: Inc., Crain's, BuiltinNYC

Slice is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
