NYU School of Medicine is one of the nation’s top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary:

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Research Scientist.

The NYU Rodent Genetic Engineering Laboratory (RGEL) is a fee-for-service laboratory operated by the NYU Langone Health (NYULH) as a state-of-the-art shared resource for biomedical researchers. The Research Scientist will report to the Director of the RGEL and will work within the scientific framework of the Core to serve its goals and in collaboration with principal investigators employing the core.

The Research Scientist will be responsible for developing protocols for new gene expression assays. The successful candidate should be a highly motivated individual who will work cross-functionally to support, develop and execute gene-editing experiments in mammalian embryos and cells. This role involves working both independently and collaboratively to define and further develop applications and assays for NYU Langone Health portfolio of gene-editing tools.

Job Responsibilities:
Development of new animal models (Rabbit, Rat, Mouse) for automatedscreening for targeted cells or embryos and morphological techniques for phenotypic characterization
Development and application of methods to use CRISPR/Cas9 to directly validate the pathogenic roles.
New genetic engineering technologies (cost-effective Mini-Stim Models) to develop new mouse model resources for the scientific community.
Apply a variety of CRISPR-based technologies and engineering strategies to editing, modulate editing outcomes and identify targets
Work both independently and collaboratively with teams
Lead cross-functional projects focused on the development and application of novel CRISPR-based technologies
Analyze large data sets by applying appropriate analytical tools and through close collaborating with computational biologists
Working knowledge of, and direct experience with gene editing in mammalian cells using Cas9 in protein or mRNA formats
Manage and prioritize individual work
Design and cloning foreign genes into plasmid vectors.
Designing and preparing the materials for molecular experiment: primer design and testing, agarose gel preparation, buffer preparation
Conducting scientific equipment to identify the transgene mice: Genomic DNA extraction and PCR set up
Compiling research data, discussing with manager about completed projects, revising and developing protocols in order to complete a research project.
Performs other related duties as assigned.
Additional Position Specific Responsibilities:

Communication and Relationship to Other Staff:
Maintain confidentiality of all research information
Excels in cooperation, collaboration and communication with all NYULH employees
Communicate professionally and precisely with staff and clients
Maintain a professional working relationship with all staff and clients
Communicate ideas, problems, and suggestions in a timely and effective manner
Judgement/decision-making:
Is able to recognize problems as they occur, and through the application of
Appropriate policy/procedure, determines and/or recommends the appropriate
Solution. Must be able to troubleshoot.
Seeks guidance as necessary for the performance of duties; asks appropriate
Questions when in doubt and utilizes reference sources/materials to ensure accuracy.
Advises appropriate personnel of situations/problems requiring intervention

Or follow-up attention.

Minimum Qualifications:

To qualify you must have a MS degree and 2-4 years of experience.

Preferred Qualifications:

Substantial experience from having completed Post Doc training. Established a record of publications

Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.
If you wish to view NYU School of Medicine’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
