Data Scientist Instructor

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Angela Barfield
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.
Salary: $110,000 - $140,000

A bit about us:

Based in Colorado with campuses in Phoenix, San Francisco or Chicago, we are a fast-growing educational training firm - a boot camp for data science and software training. We bring tech education and entrepreneurship challenges together and support major clients with their tech training needs. We are looking to add to our brilliant team someone who not only understands software from the inside/out, but can share that passion and interest with others so they, in turn, will become learned and excited. You will be supporting the training efforts for the fundamentals of data science . As an instructor/trainer, you will execute the courses that teach people how to produce software on budget, on time and with a high degree of customer satisfaction. These trainings will be held in a classroom style in one of our campuses and you will be creating our next generation of Data Scientists!

If you are a strong Software Engineer with great technical skills and an interest in teaching others, then please read on.

Why join us?

Great salary!

Generous health benefits with medical, dental and vision coverage!

401(K)

Job Details

Is your background a fit? Apply if you meet this criteria:
Masters or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as statistics or mathematics

2+ years of industry experience in a data scientist role

Strong understanding of the topics we teach: scientific Python, probability, statistics ( Probability, A/B testing, Bayesian methods, regression methods, time series), SQL, machine learning ( Decision Trees, Random Forest, Boosting, Support Vector Machines, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, Recommendations, Graphs), data engineering ( Hadoop, Hive and MapReduce) data visualization ( d3) and and data at scale .

Experience teaching a quantitative subject preferred.

A bit about us:Based in Colorado with clients all over the country, we are a fast-growing educational training firm - a boot camp for data science and software training. This commercial group helps students of all ages to learn Data Science. We are looking to add to our brilliant team someone who not only is, and has been, either a teacher of Data Science, been a Data Scientist or has a Ph. D in a STEM discipline who would love to train eager minds. This position is based in a campus in Austin.

If you are a strong Data Scientist with great data science skills, outstanding Python skills and an interest in teaching others, then please read on.

Why join us? We can offer you the opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art technology and train others. Stay on top of the most cutting edge technologies and become the SME you always knew you were.

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
