-------------------
Company Description
-------------------

Élever Professional has partnered exclusively with a Silicon
Beach Mobile company seeking data wizards to guide their next
period of hyper growth. With millions of delighted users
worldwide, our client is on a tremendous growth trajectory. Very
competitive comp, equity and benefits. Relocation compensation
for non local candidates.

---------------
Job Description
---------------

Like so many others, we at Élever Professional failed to excel in
mathematics. We just didn't trust those teachers and mentors who
assured us that math could be deployed to solve huge problems
later on in life. That's why we're stuck chasing around those of
you who excelled in the quantitative sciences. Congratulations,
you win at life!The Sr. Analytics role with our client company in
Hollywood is an awesome opportunity for you to further your
pursuit of big data.

--------------
Qualifications
--------------

-Graduate Degree in quantitative sciences. -Some experience
working with global mobile or digital companies in B2B, B2C or
C2C digital business models. -Over a million people use our
client's products daily, so experience in an equivalent or larger
set of Big Data is important. Knowledge in the following
technical areas will help you in the role: Machine learning,
Hadoop, MapReduce, Multiple Regression-Very competitive comp,
equity and benefits. Relocation compensation is available for non
local candidates, but applicants should presently be within a
commute of Los Angeles or be willing to relocate

----------------------
Additional Information
----------------------

Compensation package will be best in class and include a great
base salary, equity, and excellent benefits.We welcome your
application online and will make every effort to respond to
qualified applicants.All of your information will be kept
confidential and assessed in accordance with EEO guidelines.
Visit us at http://eleverpro.com for more information about our
services.View all of the exciting opportunities we're looking to
fill at http://www.eleverpro.com/executive-recruiter-jobs/
