This role is part of the Core team within the Samsung NEXT Product organization.

The Core team is building today a set of large scale products that are directly linked with Samsung world wide and have the potential of capitalizing on Samsung's massive consumer reach across mobile phones and smart TVs.

About NEXT Product


The NEXT Product organization is a hyper-growth startup within Samsung NEXT. We're a globally distributed product development team in search of builders and creators to help conceive, grow and scale new products and categories.

Successful candidates, at all levels within the organization, will: approach all things team-first, take ownership and "be the change you seek", have strong written and verbal communication skills, have high EQ, enjoy fast-paced, outcome-driven environments and be inspired to learn and explore daily both inside and outside of your field of expertise.

The Role


As a Machine Learning Engineer, you will build Machine Learning systems fusing and analyzing multi-sensory signals to solve real-world challenges in real-time. We are looking for a candidate that has industry experience with Computer Vision (Machine Learning) and has worked with large data sets and in real-time. This position is located in our New York office.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Work closely with our Engineering and Data teams in NYC, San Francisco and Korea to build real-time solutions for Smart Spaces by applying Computer Vision methods to this complex domain
Build models for Human Activity Detection and Recognition, Object Detection and tracking and Scene Segmentation in real-time
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve ML models/infrastructure and software that uses these models
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
MS degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field
5+ years of experience in one or more of the following areas: machine learning (CV)
Experience with machine learning frameworks
Experience working in an Agile environment and within a distributed team
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or related quantitative field
Research experience in Deep Learning
About Samsung NEXT


Samsung NEXT champions builders and founders inventing a more purposeful future. We attract, develop, and celebrate diverse talent with world-class capacity to transform ideas into realities at scale. We prioritize experiences over things and are dedicated to thoughtfully integrating the physical and digital worlds and we accelerate Samsung's vision to inspire the world.

Founded in 2012, Samsung NEXT has four key functions in the global software ecosystem:
Product: designs and builds software experiences to transform the way we work and live
M&A: acquires game-changing companies to bring their products and services to consumers worldwide
Ventures: invests in startups that have the potential to scale by leveraging the Samsung ecosystem
Partnerships: creates partnerships with innovative companies to enrich Samsung products and services
At Samsung NEXT, we hold the steadfast belief that diversity and inclusion is essential to realize our mission and is a must-have for us to do our best work. We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, ability, marital status, veteran status, or any other legally protected status.

We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

#LI-EO1
