What is Slice?

Slice is the leading technology and marketing platform made exclusively for local pizzerias, making it super easy to order delicious, authentic local pizza anywhere, anytime. We serve the $45 billion U.S. pizzeria market in two ways: by providing a pizza-centric mobile and web ordering experience for consumers, and by empowering local restaurants with the technology, tools, and marketing to grow their business, while helping them compete with Big Pizza. Can you imagine what a small mom and pop pizza shop could achieve with the resources of Domino's?

As the Principal of Data Science, you have an amazing opportunity to take a lead role with technical authority for a leading marketplace technology company. You will be hands-on while managing a team of data scientists to develop and implement machine learning algorithms and personalization products that directly impact our customers. You will be partnering closely with our product, engineering and business stakeholders to open up new opportunities and accelerate the growth of the business. Your strong foundations in mathematics, statistics and machine learning and exceptional communication and leadership skills will bring unique insights into our strategy. Your passion for solving problems and sense of urgency will fuel the success of the team.

What we're looking for:
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Operation Research or equivalent quantitative fields. PhD preferred
6+ years of industry/academic experience in data science, machine learning or a related field using mainstream languages such as Python, Spark etc
Demonstrated craft in modeling and optimization techniques tailored to meet business needs
Experience in developing production level code or partnering with engineering teams to deliver product features
Track record of developing junior members from academia/industry to advance their careers in a business environment
Familiarity with programming languages such as Java, C++, Perl
Experience in product management a plus
History of Slice:

Slice was born in 2010 and has quietly bootstrapped its way to building a network of more than 11,000 pizzerias nationwide. Ilir Sela, our founder and CEO, started the company as a passion project to help his friends and family in the pizza business, but he quickly saw a massive opportunity to champion these small businesses by bringing their craft to the masses. Ilir has since built an amazing team of operators, marketers, technologists, and investors - all dedicated to making it easier for people to enjoy their favorite local pizza while helping local shops succeed.

Our Pizza Philosophy

Slice is on a journey to be the most valuable pizza brand on the planet. We connect makers and eaters to enrich their lives through the power of specialization and pizza expertise. Backed by generations of knowledge and cutting-edge technology, we give makers the platform and voice to take charge of their industry, expand their coverage, and fill the world with authentic cuisine. When passionate makers turn their craft into their livelihood, we all live happier, fuller lives. People stop accepting the homogenous, mass-produced pies of big chains and robotic trucks because the quality, variety, and authenticity of Slice is both hyper-convenient and known worldwide. We believe pizza isn't just food. It's a slice of community, a slice of culture, a slice of life.

We're growing our family every day - so, if you've got a passion for local, authentic pizza and the drive to help share it with the world, we'd love to have you on the team! Check out a few awards we've recently won for our workplace and culture: Inc., Crain's, BuiltinNYC

Slice is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
