Pizza is at the heart of our communities. From birthday parties to gameday potlucks, life's special moments are bettered by the craftsmanship and tradition found behind local pizzerias' counters. We're here to make sure these iconic small businesses serve our communities for generations to come by giving them the digital tools and services commonly found at big chains. Can you imagine what a small mom and pop pizza shop could achieve with the resources of Domino's?We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join the Product Analytics team. As an analytics expert, you will create a massive impact by partnering with the Product squad leads across Product, Design and Engineering daily to optimize and accelerate product development for our restaurants and consumers. You are scrappy and excited about working in an evolving business and data infrastructure, you feel passionate about building a data-driven culture of the company and having a huge impact on a growing team. You will report to the Senior Data Science Manager, Product Analytics.What you'll do:* Partner with product, design, engineering leads in a squad format to drive product development roadmap* Design and evaluate experiments to inform key strategic and operational decisions* Build tools, dashboards, reports to simplify day to day work of the product teams* Lead deep-dive analysis and predictive modeling to drive problem solving, identify and clearly communicate actionable insights for cross functional stakeholders* Instill a culture of operational and data excellence by partnering with Data Engineering to design and develop reliable and scalable data pipelinesWhat we're looking for:* BS in Mathematics, Statistics, Operation Research or equivalent quantitative fields, masters preferred* 4+ years of product analytics or related experience* Proficiency in SQL and programing languages like Python/R/Spark etc* A proven track record of using analysis to impact key business decisions* The ability to clearly and effectively communicate the results of complex analyses* Ability to manage small projects and to operate as the point of contact for the business partner.* Experience in software engineering, data engineering, consulting, or academic research a plusAbout Slice:Slice powers independent pizzerias with the specialized technology, data insights, and shared services they need to serve today's digital-minded customers. This united network of pizzerias enables these small businesses to thrive against major corporate chains and form the nation's largest marketplace for authentic pizza. Slice makes it easy for customers to order from their go-to shops and discover their next favorite.Serial tech entrepreneur Ilir Sela started Slice to solve the digital challenges his family's New York City pizzerias faced. Today, the Slice team has grown to over 700+ across 5 offices globally. If you're ambitious, interested in growing your career, and hungry to join one of the fastest growing companies in tech, we may have a role for you. Check out a few awards we've recently won for our workplace and culture: Inc., Crain's, BuiltinNYCSlice is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to building an inclusive environment for people of all backgrounds and everyone is encouraged to apply. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, religion, disability, national origin, protected veteran status, age, or any other status protected by applicable national, federal, state, or local law.
