Technology Solutions Engineer
Location


TX - Houston

Job Family


Facility Consulting

Apply Now

At McKinstry, we’re proud to be a collective group of innovators and problem-solvers, builders and engineers, mentors and students. We strive to create a safe and engaging work environment that empowers you to do the work you are passionate about.

We believe deeply that energy and facility services, engineering and construction are revolutionizing the built environment – and if you’re driven by our mission to transform ideas into meaningful relationships and together, build a thriving planet, McKinstry may be the place for you. Serving our community together is one of the ways we at McKinstry put our shared purpose into action.

Total collaboration and a diverse, employee-centric work experience are what we can provide you. Integrated delivery and true consultative partnership is what you will help us provide for our clients. Our culture is what differentiates us and because of this, we seek exceptional talent that believes what we believe.

Here's where you come in:

We are currently seeking a Technology Solutions Engineer to join our amazing team as a member of our growing Technical Services National division.

You're great at:

Technology Consulting & Support
Assist business development team members to identify potential consulting clients and help develop opportunities through client meetings and sales support activities.
Discover client issues, obstacles, and goals. Work with all stakeholders to clearly understand clients’ situations, requirements, and constraints.
Document and assess clients’ existing Building Automation System (BAS) and networking infrastructure.
Work like an owner advocate to develop strategic, sustainable BAS architectures for clients.
Research integration and upgrade pathways and provide engineering support for technology planning & deployment.
Assist clients with technology planning and budgeting.
Develop BAS standards & specifications that align with BAS architecture and networking infrastructure.
Develop projects, including the scope of work, estimating, RFP/RFQ development, and technical evaluation of proposals.
Provide technical support for projects, including design submittal review, coordination, and technology commissioning.
Provide BAS management support to clients, including training, system configuration & security enhancements, network troubleshooting, mechanical/electrical troubleshooting, data management, system administration, and other direct technical support.
Project Development, Deployment, and Support
Designs, evaluates, tests, and manages building technology systems.
Coordinates with Project Manager for project deployment.
Researches and evaluates new products, technologies, and vendors.
Coordinates with team & client stakeholders, sub-contractors, and third-party vendors for completion of technology systems implementation.
Provides quality control & quality assurance for technical aspects of projects, including work performed by self and by others.
Provide technology commissioning for BAS projects, including network configuration and performance, adherence to standards & specifications, and other aspects of technology deployment and implementation.
Provides technical guidance and support for BAS and energy data acquisition. Supports team members in acquiring and analyzing BAS and energy data in support of energy projects.
Designs, develops, and tests control logic and analytics logic to ensure the desired project outcome is successful.
Communication
Communicates project status and other coordination requirements to Project Manager.
Regularly communicates directly with client stakeholders and team members.
Capable of autonomous consulting project execution with a direct client interface. Applicants must have the ability to clearly explain and articulate technical topics and convey knowledge to stakeholders of various capacities and knowledge levels. Applicants should be comfortable using diagrams and flow charts to communicate ideas.
Funnels potential new service opportunities/change orders to Supervisor, Program Manager, or Project Manager.
Team Support
Coaches team peers and provides technical guidance to project teams where applicable.
Provide BAS technical consulting and support for projects as assigned.
Act as a steward of McKinstry culture; communicate and influence policies and procedures.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualified candidates will possess the following:
Experience designing, implementing and troubleshooting Building Automation Systems (BAS) and networks. Experience should include estimating, product selection and sizing, network design, and application of standards & best practices. Preferred experience with at least two major BAS product lines. Building commissioning or HVAC operational efficiency experience required.
Familiarity with various BAS products, including network architectures, protocols, features, capabilities, and limitations.
BAS integration experience required, including BACnet, LonWorks, Modbus, and proprietary protocols. Experience with Tridium Niagara Frameworks (Niagara Certification preferred) and other integration products required. Strong background using BACnet preferred.
Experience and working knowledge of various network types, including IP, serial (RS-485, FTT-10A), and wireless network technology and protocols. Understanding of Information Technology (IT) required, including IP network design, management, and security.
Understanding of cyber-security concepts including encryption, access control and management, and best practices.
Extensive understanding of HVAC mechanical system equipment, operation, maintenance, and troubleshooting. Control logic programming experience required. Lighting control, advanced utility metering, data acquisition, and data analysis experience also preferred.
Technical writing & communications, systems schematics development, and documentation skills required. Ability to use Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, Outlook, Project, PowerPoint, and Visio) required.
Excellent organizational skills.
Thorough & meticulous attention to detail & accuracy.
Physical Demands and Work Environment:
Ability and willingness to travel regionally and nationally. The amount of travel will vary up to 8 overnight stays per month. Travel transportation, lodging, and expenses reimbursed.
Physical ability to walk job sites in uneven terrain.
Provide personal local transportation for meetings and job visits away from the office; reimbursed.
The McKinstry group of companies are equal opportunity employers. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and qualified applicants without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, race, color, creed, marital status, national origin, disability, veteran status or any other basis protected by law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to employment, advancement, assignment, and training.

McKinstry is committed to strengthening our diversity through recruiting and retaining minority and women professionals from all backgrounds. Our commitment is consistent with our recognition that it is the outstanding people within McKinstry who have always been the source of our strength. We recognize that promoting diversity is an integral component of our continuing quest for organizational excellence.

This commitment to Equal Employment Opportunity is made equally as a social responsibility and as an economic and business necessity.

McKinstry is a drug-free workplace. Employment is contingent upon successfully passing a pre-employment drug and alcohol test, complying with the requirements of the Immigration Reform and Control Act and a Confidentiality Agreement, in addition to successful outcomes of background and reference checks.

Anyone with questions or concerns regarding Equal Employment Opportunity should contact their direct supervisor or the Human Resources Department without fear of retaliation of any kind.

#LI-JK1

#LI-Remote
