Role: Machine Learning Engineer

Location: Los Angeles, New York, Flexible*

Hours: Full time

About Trevor

The Trevor Project is the world’s largest suicide prevention and crisis intervention organization for LGBTQ young people. We are a non-profit that provides 24/7 life-saving support via phone, text, and chat. We also operate the world’s largest safe space social networking site for LGBTQ youth and run innovative research, education, and advocacy programs. We’ve been saving lives every day for over 20 years.

On May 7th 2019, Google announced that The Trevor Project is one of 20 organizations that will share $25 million in grants from Google.org, credit and consulting from Google Cloud, and coaching by Google’s AI experts as a grantee of the Google AI Impact Challenge. The Google AI Impact Challenge was an open call to nonprofits, social enterprises, and research institutions from around the world to submit their ideas to use AI to help address societal challenges. Over 2,600 organizations applied. And on June 15, 2020, Google announced that a new cohort of Google.org engineering fellows will be joining our team full-time in 2020.

Overview of the Role

Our Machine Learning Engineer will contribute to The Trevor Project’s life-saving work by developing machine learning and natural language processing models that drive significant increases in quality of care and scalability for our crisis services and other internal processes. This individual will help the team to contribute to the development of the machine learning models from concept to productionization, and integrate them across our platforms and services. The successful candidate will work closely with domain experts across The Trevor Project and will leverage advice and expertise from external partners and advisors.

Who you are
Experienced.You have at least 2 years of machine learning, using one of these libraries: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras; and natural language processing experience in a high-tech environment. You have developed high-performing models from concept to web production. You understand fundamental statistical methodologies
Perpetual Learner.You are energized by learning about new topics and can quickly get up to speed and contribute to initiatives
Collaborative.People love how you can explain complex concepts in a way that everyone can understand
Innovative.You stay up-to-date on the latest research in AI, but always approach the problem-solving process first with practical, simple, and proven methods
Organized and efficient.You know how to manage multiple projects and prioritize appropriately. You create clear and logical systems and processes to support your work and that of the organization
Inspirational.You love working with people and know how to excite them about the opportunities to use data and technology to improve the work that we do
Empathetic.You care about the wellbeing of LGBTQ youth and respect those around you regardless of race, ethnic origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and physical ability
User Experience.You can put yourself in the shoes of the audience and oversee operations that prioritize their experience
Fun.The work we do is very serious, but that doesn’t mean we don’t have fun. We know how to have a good time and you should too
What you’ll do
Train and test machine learning and natural language processing models (e.g. BERT, GPT-2, etc.) in accordance with internally defined best practices
Deploy machine learning solutions and monitor for system reliability and fairness in accordance with internally defined standards for fairness, accountability, and transparency
Develop new approaches to sourcing and labeling data for machine learning models
Develop automated tools to process and evaluate data privacy protection
Evaluate and select machine learning model architectures using appropriate statistical methods
Develop optimization techniques for machine learning models
Learn the latest techniques and stay apprised of the latest research in machine learning and natural language processing
Work closely with the product team to prototype new features
Work with domain experts to understand our external and internal processes
Benefits
Generous vacation and holidays (like a full day off to celebrate Harvey Milk Day!), including Summer Fridays
Comprehensive health insurance (we pay 100% of your premiums for medical, dental, and life), including gender affirmation surgery
Fun office environment and passionate team. It’s NBD around here if Daniel Radcliffe or Imagine Dragons drops into our office
The Trevor Project is an equal opportunity employer
Meaningful work at an organization that is saving the lives of LGBTQ young people every day
Your Application:

We’re excited to hear from you! To join Team Trevor, please upload a resume and cover letter. Applications without cover letters will not be considered.

If this sounds like you, we are open to hiring in the following states: California, Colorado, D.C., Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah, and Virginia.
