Req ID: 68574BR

Job Description

It s a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nation s premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, we re pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, you ll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

The Clinical Products data science team helps supercharge CVS-Aetna s clinical programs to improve member health and lower costs. Given CVS-Aetna s size, scope, and deep set of capacities, CVS-Aetna is an unparalleled platform to make a difference in healthcare in the US and beyond. The Clinical Products team has three main goals. First, CVS-Aetna is launching a series of clinical programs that use the resources of the combined CVS-Aetna, and our team delivers the advanced analytics to support those initiatives. Second, the team develops data-driven clinical recommendations that are delivered to members, their providers, and their caregivers. Finally, we build condition-specific models that help other parts of the company (e.g. pricing) better predict member care journeys.

About the position. A Principal Data Scientist will join the Clinical Products team and will be responsible for leading and providing technical vision for one or (more likely) more projects. A Principal Data Scientist will build and lead a team that develops predictive models, works with clinical experts (e.g. doctors) to translate their subject matter expertise into machine learning models, sources data, and presents to technical and non-technical stakeholders. A Principal Data Scientist will also lead and mentor team members. Finally, Principal Data Scientist will need to help set the team s coherent, actionable, and inspiring technical visionand she will need to inspire the team to execute on that vision.

Fundamental Components included but are not limited to:

+ Lead team of 2-3 Data Scientists to develop and deliver models that inform CVS-Aetna s clinical programs.

+ Consults with business partners and clinical leaders to understand problems and goals, understand business value, and translate into business opportunities to be captured through predictive analytics solutions.

+ Develops and/or uses advanced algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes

+ Demonstrates superior communication skills, and ability to develop and participate in presentations and consultations to business stakeholders on analytics results and solutions

+ Supports deployment of insights across multiple channels, i.e., web, mobile app, email, social, call center, Apple watch

+ Motivates team members and probes into technical detail

+ Contributes Subject Matter Expertise (SME) through interactions with team members, peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization

+ Mentors others, and champions 360-feedback across team

Qualifications Requirements and Preferences:

+ 7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.

+ Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas.

+ Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems.

+ Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.

+ Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment

+ Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners.

+ Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.

+ Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

+ Comprehensive knowledge of health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products

+ Clinically oriented background or professional experience is a plus.

Benefit Eligibility

Benefit eligibility may vary by position.

Job Function: Data & Analytics

Aetna is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veterans status.
