The Team: DBRS Morningstar is a global credit ratings business, currently with 700 employees in eight offices globally. Formed through the July 2019 acquisition of DBRS by Morningstar, Inc., the ratings business is the fourth-largest provider of credit ratings in the world. DBRS Morningstar is committed to empowering investor success, serving the market through leading-edge technology and raising the bar for the industry. DBRS Morningstar is a market leader in Canada, the U.S. and Europe in multiple asset classes. DBRS Morningstar is driven to bringing more clarity, diversity of opinion, and responsiveness to the ratings process. DBRS Morningstar’s approach and size provide the agility to respond to customers’ needs, while being large enough to provide the necessary expertise and resources.

The role:
Building, validating, testing and reviewing of all types of quantitative models that support our ratings across Structured Finance asset types such as (RMBS, CMBS, ABS, etc.)
Evaluating and enhancing stability, conceptual soundness, assumptions, and mathematical logic of existing models
Implementing models in an industrial strength language (Python, Spark, DASK etc.) as needed.
Developing insights on large scale data, performing ad-hoc data cleaning and statistical analysis as needed
Communicating results to rating analysts, senior management and other key stakeholders
Developing reports for regulators and other external parties
Desired Skills and Experience

Minimum Requirements:
MS/PhD in a quantitative discipline (econometrics, statistics, mathematics, physics, etc.) with strong project portfolio and/or 2-4 years of industry experience in quantitative modeling of credit risk
Strong quantitative/statistical skills in areas like regression analysis, time series analysis, Monte Carlo simulations, etc.
Strong coding skills, with preference for Python
Self-starter, problem solver, team player
Preferred Skills:
Experience with modeling financial products and/or securitization
Experience with SAS/R, SQL, C#, Python, C++
Experience with Machine Learning/Deep Learning and/or high-performance computing on large scale data
Experience with distributed data processing ecosystems (Spark, DASK etc.)
Experience developing using Git or other collaborate workflow systems
Experience with AWS
CFA Qualification
About Us

DBRS Morningstar is a global credit ratings business, currently with 700 employees in eight offices globally. Formed through the July 2019 acquisition of DBRS by Morningstar, Inc., the ratings business is the fourth-largest provider of credit ratings in the world.

DBRS Morningstar is committed to empowering investor success, serving the market through leading-edge technology and raising the bar for the industry. DBRS Morningstar is a market leader in Canada, the U.S. and Europe in multiple asset classes.

DBRS Morningstar rates more than 2,600 issuers and 54,000 securities worldwide and is driven to bringing more clarity, diversity of opinion, and responsiveness to the ratings process. DBRS Morningstar’s approach and size provide the agility to respond to customers’ needs, while being large enough to provide the necessary expertise and resources.
