About Us

At Teachers Pay Teachers (TpT), we're unlocking the power of educator-created content. More than 85% of U.S. teachers come to TpT every year to get teacher-tested, engaging, and rigorous materials. What began as a humble exchange for teachers looking to share lesson plans has since exploded into a massive online marketplace where teachers have created 4 million resources for all aspects of PreK-12 education. More than six million educators worldwide (including teachers, administrators, and parents) have downloaded TpT resources more than a billion times. According to Fast Company, in 2019, Teachers Pay Teachers is one of the top 50 Most Innovative Companies in the world! If you haven't heard of TpT yet and want to learn more, just ask a teacher.

Who we are looking for

We're a team of good people doing great things. We listen first. We love our work. And we are all teachers and learners in whatever we do. We believe that productivity is never an accident. It's the result of a commitment to excellence, intelligent planning, passionate teamwork, and focused effort. We want every day to be fun and to matter.

Role Description

As a Data Analyst, you will support the adoption of business intelligence tools across teams, foster a culture of insightful analysis and crisp reporting, and become a trusted business partner within the organization.

You know and love working with data and analytics tools and can use your technical skills, business acumen, and creativity to solve unique business problems. Reporting to the Analytics Manager, you'll work closely with business, marketing, data science, engineering, and product teams to develop a deep understanding of TpT's business and drive strategy and action through high quality, timely analysis.

Responsibilities
Analyze: surface actionable insights and opportunities from complex data; leverage quantitative and qualitative data to understand ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends
Collaborate: partner with marketing, product, customer experience, and engineering to translate business issues into testable hypotheses with defined KPIs; ensure metrics used to track the business and measure results are consistent and the most relevant to inform decision-making across the organization
Communicate: report on the state of the business and make data accessible through objective data-driven stories that influence and enable stakeholders; establish shared vision across the company for data-driven practices
Enable: build dynamic and rich dashboards and reporting solutions to support company initiatives and strategic planning; educate other teams at TpT on analysis best practices and how to self-serve data needs; leverage Jira to prioritize projects and requests
Requirements
2+ years of analytics experience at a software technology company
Experience designing, leading and executing analysis
Ability to visualize data in additive ways
Comfortable with large, complex relational databases (both transactional and clickstream)
Excellent communication skills
Experience in creating, optimizing, and automating reports and dashboards
Highly organized & able to prioritize effectively
Experience working cross-functionally
Experience with SQL
Extra Credit
Experience with an online marketplace
Experience with attribution modeling
Experience with aspects of our BI tech stack: BigQuery, Looker, Heap, Optimizely
Experience with Python and/or R
Statistical skills (e.g., confidence intervals and forecasting)
Experience with ML
Extracurriculars
Parental leave for both mothers and fathers to be able to take some quality time in bonding with their new addition to their family
Comprehensive Medical & Dental Benefits
Mother's Room
Quiet Room
Company Events (Bring Your Child to Work Day, Field Day, Camp TpT, Hackathons, etc.,)
Here at TpT we value Diversity & Inclusion and encourage people to bring their most authentic selves to work. We cultivate an environment where people are recognized and celebrated for their individuality.

Any TpT applicant who requires reasonable accommodations during the interview process should contact the TpT People Ops Team (accommodations@teacherspayteachers.com) to make the need for an accommodation known.

Finally, if you're a California resident, California law requires that we provide you notice about the collection and use of your personal information. We encourage you to read it carefully. You can find our full notice here.
