Who we are:

DoubleVerify is the leader in digital performance solutions, improving the impression quality and audience impact of digital advertising. Built on best practices, DoubleVerify solutions create value for media buyers and sellers by bringing transparency and accountability to the market, ensuring ad viewability, brand safety, fraud protection, accurate impression delivery and audience quality across campaigns to drive performance. Since 2008, DoubleVerify has helped hundreds of Fortune 500 companies gain the most value out of their media spend by delivering best in class solutions across the digital ecosystem that help build a better industry. Learn more at doubleverify.com.

What You'll Do:
Participate actively in all aspects of designing, researching, building, and delivering data-focused products for our clients.
Work on problems related to machine learning and data analytics over hundreds of millions of web pages; graph mining and algorithmic optimization on petabytes of data; and causal inference with missing data - to name a few.
Who You Are:
You have a sustained track record of making significant, self-directed, and end-to-end contributions to large and impactful machine learning projects. You think beyond just the task at hand to deeply understand the 'why' behind what you are doing.
You have a strong sense of data intuition. At our scale, many off-the-shelf modeling techniques (open source and enterprise) simply don't work. You are able to work from first principles and intuition to develop solutions and adapt them to a unique environment.
You are a broadly skilled data scientist with experience embedding models into always-on production systems, working across a variety of technologies and data sources.
You have a product-focused mindset. You have the passion and ability to contribute to the process of discovering what will delight our clients and push forward one of the world's largest and most influential industries toward a vision of openness, transparency, and evidence-based decision-making.
You work with confidence and without ego. Our data scientists have deep knowledge and exercise a high degree of leadership in their daily work. You have strongly-held, defensible ideas, and advocate for what you believe is right. You are also adept at identifying and evaluating trade-offs, willing to be proven wrong, and quick to walk through fire to support your fellow teammates.
You value, seek out, and foster diversity. We are a global team from many diverse backgrounds, with different experiences and perspectives. To complement this team, you will welcome ideas that are different from your own and be skilled at finding and building from common ground.
You are a creative thinker, not bound by "the way things have always been done." What you know is less important than how well you learn and innovate. We don't need data scientists who know all the answers; we need data scientists who can invent the answers no one has thought of yet, to the questions yet to be asked.
What We Consider as Advantages:
You have an abundance of intellectual curiosity and are enthusiastic to learn (and teach) new technologies / techniques.
You are comfortable working on an agile, distributed team spanning multiple time zones and continents.
You are able to communicate effectively across both technical and non-technical audiences.
You have over 3 years of experience working in a data-driven role. Some of those years of experience may have been spent pursuing an advanced degree in a quantitative field, but it's not a requirement. What and how you can contribute is what's most important to us which is why our consideration is not limited by the level of education you have.
You have experience with big data technologies such as Spark or AWS; are able to write efficient SQL; and are proficient in one or more of the following programming languages: R, Python, or Scala.
