PROJECT SCIENTIST sought by Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, CA.
Duties: Contribute to development of research and creative projects in the field of processing and analysis of medical images including Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Computed Tomography (CT), Retinal images, and other modalities. Apply the principles of computing and medical image analysis and processing to create disease diagnostic and prediction system for cancers and cardiovascular diseases. Develop novel machine learning and deep learning algorithm for detection and segmentation of anatomical structures including organs, tissues, tumor, vessels, etc. Perform comprehensive data analysis to investigate the correlation of image-based biomarkers and medical disorders and diagnostic symptoms. Work independently, but in close cooperation and in consultation with the principles Investigator and other research scientists. Keep appropriate experimental records and documentation and analyze the results. Develop, adapt, and implement new research techniques and protocols. Lead and train staff research associates and research fellows. Analyze, interpret and compile data. Assist in preparation of grant proposals, submissions, publications, and presentations as an author or co-author. Provide regular supervision and teaching technical subjects to master's program students.

Requirements: PhD or foreign equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field; plus one (1) year of experience as a Postdoctoral Fellow. Must have experience working in the field of breast cancer management. Must have experience in developing method to quantify breast cancer risk factors with the goal of detecting breast cancer early; tissue quantification and characterization; classification, segmentation, or configuration of image-based human vessels; developing algorithms/software for segmentation and identification of anatomical structures in MR/CT images; developing certainty estimation models, using probabilistic or feature ranking systems; use of programming tools, including Matlab; and teaching graduate students. Must have at least one peer-reviewed publication in a top-tier conference/journal in the field of image processing and medical image analysis.
To Apply: Any interested applicant may click on the APPLY NOW button above to apply for this position.
