Atlassian is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually due to COVID-19. Everyone new to the team, along with our current staff, will temporarily work from home until it is safe to return to our offices.

Millions of people use Trello every day, generating billions of data points. We are looking for a savvy data scientist to examine user behavior and advise decision-making across the organization. Our data team is lean, forward-thinking, and remote-friendly.

As the ideal data scientist, you are someone who can do a deep technical dive and communicate effectively with others. You love wrangling messy data into an elegant solution, and helping others understand the power of their data. This role is a chance to have a huge impact on how millions of users collaborate.
You will...
Partner with engineering, product, and leadership teams passionate about strategic improvements to Trello.
Dive deep into a wide range of data (behavioral, financial, etc.) to identify opportunities and recommend solutions.
Contribute to data team initiatives passionate about ensuring fast, reliable, and comprehensive data.
Serve as a trusted consultant and promote data literacy to drive improvements across the company.
Unblock data questions using Redshift, Athena, Databricks, Python, R, Mode Analytics, Tableau.
Do your best work in a lively, respectful, and encouraging environment.
About you...
You have experience analyzing data and experimentation in a business setting. You know how to pick the right approach to a data question. You know that sometimes the simplest solution is the best.
You are adept at prioritizing, and can bring good opinions to the table.
You enjoy collaborating with non-technical consumers of data, and turning loosely-defined questions into clearly prioritized projects.
You are creative and inventive, with a passion for deriving insights from data and telling a story.
You’re curious about the business side of Trello. You’re eager to get to the guts of Trello’s data in order to answer questions across the company.
You’re self-motivated and thrive when working autonomously. You know when to run with something, and when to ask for help.
You’re extremely proficient when it comes to writing SQL and Python/R.
You strive to master new technology or language when the need arises.
Bonus points for …
Prior experience working in a remote-friendly company.
Proven experience working on projects around user acquisition, retention, purchasing drivers.
Referenceable work with some seriously huge datasets.
We encourage all applicants, regardless of race, color, ethnicity, actual or perceived sexual identity, gender identity, gender expression, economic status, ability, disability, religious beliefs or disbeliefs, national origin, age, military service eligibility, veteran status, marital status, parental status, or geographic location.

More about our benefits

Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.

More about Atlassian

Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team.

Additional Information

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
