As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative, and thrive in a fast-paced environment.

PERKS & BENEFITS
Unlimited Vacation, Paid Sick Days & Holidays
100% Employee Covered Medical, Dental, Vision Plan Base Plan
Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More
Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens
Yoga & Wellness Activities
Happy Hours
Company Events
Dog Friendly

Jam City is looking for passionate, engaged and data driven individuals to join our growing Data Science team. We are searching for Data Scientists ready to work across our portfolio of games and be involved in every part of the process of delivering fun to millions of users worldwide. Working with our state of the art data infrastructure and diverse team you will see your contributions influence every aspect of our games, from marketing to production and even gameplay. As part of a data driven gaming and entertainment company you’ll be well placed to see your models and analysis shape the future of the company.

Our ideal candidate has experience working with large scale data sets and driving projects from conception to completion. Additionally they are able to take models or analysis one step farther and use data to tell stories and create understanding both within the analytics team and across the entire company. If doing a deep dive into the latest cutting edge literature on neural networks or probabilistic programming in the morning and working with game designers or engineers to turn findings into product in the afternoon sounds fun then you’ll fit right in at Jam City.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Use your knowledge of data cleaning, statistical analysis and visualization to turn numbers into results that make Jam City’s games better.
Collaborate with stakeholders ranging from marketers to product managers and artists to make sure that data informs decisions at all levels of Jam City.
Work on a mixture of short term tactical analysis that deals with immediate needs and long term strategic projects that drive major change within the company.
Create data visualizations and analysis pipelines that turn complicated problems into simple solutions for stakeholders.
Experiment with cutting edge techniques to help drive the next generation of analytics at Jam City.
QUALIFICATIONS:
An advanced or postgraduate degree in a quantitative field.
The ability to use SQL or a scripting language such as Python or Scala to generate, clean and explore complex datasets.
A demonstrated track record of using statistical languages/packages such as R or Python to build features, create models and explore datasets.
Experience presenting and describing complex datasets or statistical processes to audiences without a technical background.
The ability to learn and use skills that you already have to tackle new problems in a creative way.
NICE TO HAVE:
Evidence of presentations/publications demonstrating the ability to drive research projects from start to finish.
Experience with neural network frameworks such as Tensorflow/Torch.
Knowledge of Apache Spark and associated products.
Or some other unique skill that you can teach the team to help us level up our analytical capabilities!
ABOUT JAM CITY
Jam City is an award-winning mobile entertainment studio providing unique and deeply engaging games that appeal to a broad, global audience.

Led by CEO Chris DeWolfe, former MySpace co-founder and CEO, and COO Josh Yguado, former 20th Century Fox executive, Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest-grossing and most enduring mobile games. Jam City’s global franchise Cookie Jam has generated more than half a billion dollars, and Panda Pop has more than 120 million downloads to date.

The company also is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative-rich mobile games around iconic entertainment brands. The company’s popular RPG game Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery was the #1 game in more than 40 countries at its launch in April 2018.

Jam City has nine studios located in Los Angeles (HQ), Berlin, Buenos Aires, Bogotá, Burbank, Cedar Falls, San Diego, San Francisco, and Toronto.
