Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

Honey is a fast-growing company based in Los Angeles, and we’ve recently joined the PayPal family to help supercharge our mission of creating fairness and value for everyone. We’ve built a community of over 20 million online shoppers and use the collective insights of our members to power an online shopping platform that allows everyone to shop smarter, together. With that, we are excited to say we’re hiring! We are actively seeking a Senior Data Analyst to join the Engineering Team in our Los Angeles office.

Job Description:

We work closely with the Product and Engineering teams to dig into data and try to predict and quantify user behavior, map out certain consumer journeys, and decide on what features to push to production. We work closely with one another but also have autonomy in getting to work on projects that interest us as it relates to business needs.

What You'll Do:

As a Data Scientist - Product at Honey, you will:
Create, measure, and analyze various KPIs to inform decisions and support recommendations across the company
Innovate! Implement innovative quantitative analyses, try new data wrangling techniques, and experiment with new visualization tools
Work with other analysts to build tools and set processes to automate data analyses
Work closely with the product and engineering departments to understand, solve, and anticipate their analytics needs
Foster a culture of transparency: act as the main liaison between other departments to ensure data accuracy and uniform understanding of key metrics
Possess excellent communication and presentation skills
About You:

If you’re on the fence about whether you meet all of the requirements for this role, please apply!
4+ years of experience with dashboarding tools like Tableau or similar (Periscope Data is a plus)
4+ years of experience with SQL (BigQuery and MySQL is a plus)
Ability to take vague requirements and transform them into concise deliverables
Ability to manage multiple priorities and a fast-paced environment
Strong working knowledge of Python, R, and/or D3 is a plus
Bachelor's Degree in Statistics, Mathematics or similar
Prior experience at a tech company is a plus
At Honey, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive company. We seek to create a culture where everyone can belong because we believe that people do their best work when they can show up every day as their authentic selves. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities, and perspectives.

Subsidiary:

Honey

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Los Angeles - Traction, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
