The Company

BlueLabs is a leading provider of analytics services and technology for government, business, and campaigns. Founded in 2013 by senior members of the Obama for America re-election campaign team, we help our clients optimize their engagements with individual customers, supporters and stakeholders to achieve their goals.

Today, our team counts over 40 data scientists, engineers, and strategists from diverse backgrounds who share a passion for using data to solve the world’s greatest social and analytical challenges. We’ve served more than 400 organizations ranging from political campaigns to advocacy groups, unions, government agencies, and international groups, as well as companies in the automotive, travel, consumer packaged goods, entertainment, healthcare, media, telecom, and other industries. Along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.

Data Analyst

Data Analysts are instrumental members of BlueLabs Data Science and engagement teams. They gain exposure to all parts of our process, from collecting and organizing data, to analyzing trends and predicting outcomes, and working with clients to understand how these insights can be used to improve program efficiency. Data Analysts are able to work both as part of a team and independently, completing projects in a fast-paced environment, error-free, and on short deadlines. You will receive strong mentorship from senior members of the BlueLabs Data Science and Engagement teams, and also be given a chance to complete projects independently. BlueLabs Analysts have the opportunity to develop into the Data Science or Engagement tracks within BlueLabs.

What you'll do:
Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.
Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.
Checks data and modeling results for quality and cleans, transforms, aggregates, and reports on data as needed.
Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches
Preferred Experience & Background
An undergraduate degree in a quantitative field or equivalent work experience.
Conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling (distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.).
Proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.
The ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally
The ability to manipulate data with SQL.
Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference experience with GIS.
Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.
The ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.
This position is available in DC, NY, & LA

At BlueLabs, we celebrate, support and thrive on differences. Not only do they benefit our services, products, and community, but most importantly, they are to the benefit of our team. Qualified people of all races, ethnicities, ages, sex, genders, sexual orientations, national origins, gender identities, marital status, religions, veterans statuses, and disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. As an equal opportunity workplace and an affirmative action employer, BlueLabs is committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
