Join us in making roads safer by making drivers better!

At CMT, a Data Scientist has the opportunity to work on an extremely wide variety of technical areas. We collect high-volume, high-velocity data generated from smartphone and IoT sensors in vehicles. We clean, normalize and fuse multiple data sources using time series signal processing techniques, handing noise, censoring, and non-uniform sampling. Next, we determine which behaviors might indicate risky driving, using robust statistical analyses and feature engineering. We produce an estimate of aggregate driving risk using GLMs and ML regressors. Finally, given the risk estimate, we determine how we can most effectively help drivers modify and improve their driving by performing experiments and mining data.

Our Data Scientists are expected to read, write and test high quality Python code that will run in a production environment. Familiarity with standard Python libraries (scipy/numpy/pandas) is essential.

Requirements
MS in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics or related technical discipline
5+ years of work experience, involving statistical modeling and significant software development.
Strong programming skills for implementing algorithms, constructing and manipulating data pipelines
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD plus several years of relevant experience
Experience with AWS or similar cloud computing environment
Expertise machine learning, data mining, and (robust) statistics
Experience in designing data pipelines and products for real world applications
Experience with modern/emerging scalable computing platforms and languages (e.g. Spark)
Benefits

Cambridge Mobile Telematics' (CMT) mission is to make the world’s roads and drivers safer. Since its first product launch in 2012 that pioneered mobile usage-based insurance, CMT has become the world’s leading telematics and analytics provider for insurers, rideshares, and fleets. CMT’s DriveWell platform uses mobile sensing and behavioral science to measure driving risk and incentivize safer driving, while its Claims Studio reduces the claims cycle time with real-time crash detection, crash reconstruction, and damage assessment using telematics and artificial intelligence. CMT has over 50 active programs with insurers and other partners, improving safety for millions of drivers every day around the world. Started based on research at MIT and backed by the SoftBank Vision Fund to fuel its rapid growth, CMT is headquartered in Cambridge MA. To learn more, visit www.cmtelematics.com and follow CMT on Twitter @cmtelematics.

Our Benefits Include:
Health Care Plan (Medical, Dental & Vision)
Retirement Plan (401k match)
Life Insurance (Basic & AD&D)
Unlimited Paid Time Off (Vacation, Sick & Public Holidays)
Parental Leave
Short Term & Long Term Disability
Work From Home
Flexible Scheduling Options
Stock Option Plan
