Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Were looking for a Data Scientist to work on our AR/VR Social Experiences team on Horizon at Facebook. You will enjoy working with rich data sets, cutting edge technology, and the ability to see your insights turned into real products on a regular basis. Horizon is an immersive, synchronous social network where people come to experience user-created content, to explore, engage in their interests, and connect with others. Our mission is to expand human connection with virtual experiences built by anyone. The AR/VR Social Experiences team is exploring the potential of virtual and augmented reality to bring people together in new ways. We are designing technologies that help people to create, share meaningful moments, and build communities using the unique qualities of these immersive new mediums. We aim to develop experiences that put people first, defining a future where virtual reality enables us to connect with the people and content we care about like never before.The ideal candidate is an experienced Data Scientist in a quantitative or technical field with experience working with large data sets and data-driven decision making who can establish data culture in a new team, and knows how to bring focus and clarity to complicated problems in a 0 to 1 space.

Responsibilities:

Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches
The Data Scientist Analytics role has work across the following four areas:
Product Operation: forecasting and setting product team goals, designing and evaluating experiments, monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics, building and analyzing dashboards and reports, building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis, evaluating and defining metrics
Exploratory Analysis: proposing what to build in the next roadmap, understanding ecosystems, user behaviors, and long-term trends, identifying new levers to help move key metrics, building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems
Product Leadership: influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations, communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams, spreading best practices to analytics and product teams
Data Infrastructure: working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica, automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL framework
Mininum Qualifications:

4+ years experience doing quantitative analysis within a large-scale company or fast-paced environment
BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field
Experience in SQL or other programming languages
Development experience in any scripting language (PHP, Python, Perl, etc.)
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product
Knowledge of statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions)
Experience manipulating data sets through statistical software (ex. R, SAS) or other methods
Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degrees
Experience with distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
Experience working within the tech sector preferred
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
