Job DescriptionExhibiting the highest level of technical modeling specialization and expertise, leads a predictive analytics team in the development and implementation of predictive analytics through the application of advanced statistical and analytical techniques in order to deliver data driven insights supporting business objectives. Provides guidance to and coordinates the work of less experienced analysts. Essential Job Functions Manages a team of between four and ten Analysts. May have more than one reporting level. Responsible for departmental budget. Lead efforts on the continuous improvement of the modeling process. Oversee the development of various programs for creating predictor and response variables, model build, validation and testing; Review programs to ensure they conform to quality standards. Participate in and direct the model development process and implementation strategy. Use appropriate modeling techniques to address business needs; Initiate and drive the resolution of complex tasks. Tailor communication of models to audiences outside of department as a means to reaching understanding, engagement and buy-in from business leads. Leverage relationships with internal and external partners to drive ongoing improvements to the data and data architecture. Lead the preparation of internal/external, structured/unstructured data sets to build/rebuild/refresh predictive models. Physical Actions Physical Environment Education Requirements Bachelor's degree required in Mathematics, Statistics or Computer Science. Master's Degree preferred. Experience Requirements 10 or more years of experience in related field. Expert level experience with programming and database tools such as SAS, C++, Python, SQL and Java. Special Skill Requirement Expert understanding of statistical and predictive modeling techniques such as machine learning, decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, regression, and neural networks and their application to business decisions. Farmers is an equal opportunity employer, committed to the strength of a diverse workforce. Schedule: Full-time Job Posting: 07/02/2020 Other Locations: United States, Texas, Austin,United States, Ohio, Independence,United States, Michigan, Caledonia
