The AI & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is expanding its footprint… rapidly. As part of the fastest growing digital practice within Capgemini, we work with the latest advanced analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies to extract meaning and value from data in a number of different industries, including Media & Entertainment, High Tech, Automotive, Consumer Products & Retail, Industrial Products, Manufacturing, Telecom, Aerospace & Defense, and Energy & Utilities.

The AI & Analytics group is the fastest growing digital practice at Capgemini demanding agile innovation. As part of the AI & Analytics group, you will work in a collaborative environment with internal and client resources to understand key business goals, build solutions, and present findings to client executives while solving real-world problems. If you are passionate about solving problems in the realm of cognitive computing, big data, and machine learning while utilizing business acumen, statistical understanding, and technical know-how, the AI & Analytics practice group at Capgemini is the best place to grow your career.

Candidates should be flexible / willing to work across this delivery landscape which includes and not limited to Agile Applications Development, Support and Deployment.

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.

Role & Responsibilities:


Work in a collaborative environment with global teams to drive client engagements in a broad range of industries to design and build scalable AI and Machine Learning solutions to solve business problems and create value by leveraging client data

Work with team to quickly understand client needs, develop solutions, and collaboratively present findings to client executives

Collaborate with team to provide data-driven recommendations and solutions to clients by clearly articulating complex technical concepts through generation and delivery of presentations

Analyze and model both structured and unstructured data to generate value

Use industry expertise and data science experience to uncover new opportunities with clients’ data

Perform EDA and feature engineering to both inform the development of statistical models and generate improve model performance and flexibility

Qualifications


1 -2 years industry experience, with work in a quant or data scientist field preferred

Master’s degree or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or other closely related field

Excellent team-oriented and interpersonal skills, with a strong interest for consulting

Outstanding communication skills with the ability to clearly articulate findings and present solutions to business partners

Preferred Qualifications


Experience with one or two of the following: Deep Learning methods, NLP, computer vision, sentiment analysis, topic modeling and graph theory and databases

Experience with common data science tools such as Python, R, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Keras, NLTK, Spacy, or Neo4j, and a good understanding of modelling platforms (Azure AutoML, SageMaker, DataBricks, DataRobot and H2O.ai)

Experience working with big data distributed programming languages, and ecosystems: Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce, Pig, Kafka

Familiarity with Cloud-based environments such as AWS (S3/EC2), Azure, Google Cloud

Knowledge of other coding languages such as Java, Matlab, SAS, C

Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant : http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
About Capgemini
A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50 year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in more than 40 countries. The Group reported 2018 global revenues of EUR 13.2 billion.

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
