Req ID: 33163
Experience Level: Professional
Other Location(s): Los Angeles West (CA)
Relocation offered: [[req_relocation]]
Travel required: [[requiredTravel]]

Come grow with us

At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But it’s more than that. It’s smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another.

Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. You’ll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. You’ll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, you’ll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous.

COVID-19 Hiring: We recognize how challenging it is to start a new role with a new company during this uncertain time. Our HR team and hiring managers are here to support you every step of the way. During the pandemic, we’ve transitioned to a work-from-home environment until further notice. All of our recruiting and onboarding activities are virtual. We encourage you to discuss Capital Group’s response to COVID-19 throughout your recruiting process.

Role Summary

As a member of the Quantitative Research and Analytics group (QRA) at Capital Group (CG), conducts rigorous peer-reviewed quantitative investment research and analysis. Applies knowledge of quantitative methods and global Fixed Income (FI) markets to develop insight in support of the investment decision making process. Contributes to core group activities including portfolio analysis, quantitative portfolio construction, and market and yield curve analysis. Effectively communicates findings across a variety of audiences. Collaborates well, and partners closely with QRA associates, investment professionals, investment risk professionals, and other groups within CG.

Core Responsibilities
Conducts and communicates quantitative research and portfolio analysis, primarily in Fixed Income.
Gathers, maintains, and analyzes market, financial and economic data in support of key modeling needs.
Responds to questions and requests for analysis and expertise from team associates, investment professionals, and other CG associates.
Responds to deadline-driven requests (e.g., internal groups, regulatory and other external requests) requiring quantitative analysis.
Participates in evolving the development of quantitative research and analysis at CG.
Participates in collaborative process-oriented projects within QRA and across CG.
Develops analytical reporting and executes it on a regular basis with periodic updates and refinements.
Learns about new models, tools, techniques, and processes and identifies and communicates potential applications at CG.
Skills/Qualifications
Excellent quantitative research skills, as evidenced by an advanced degree (MFE, MSc, PhD) in a mathematically robust discipline, e.g. econometrics, mathematical finance, statistics or physics or equivalent experience.
Excellent systems and computer skills, including a strong working knowledge of Excel, Matlab, Python or R; Bloomberg or Aladdin a plus
Intellectual curiosity about financial markets, asset allocation, and Fixed Income investing.
An understanding of quantitative financial concepts as they apply to Fixed Income portfolio construction, econometrics and derivatives is a plus. Existing knowledge of quantitative financial models and demonstrated ability to learn within a quantitative research role is preferred.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to effectively interact with a diverse group of associates including Investment Group, investment risk professionals and IT.
Must be able to meet regular deadlines and demonstrate excellent attention to detail and work well under tight time constraints with multiple priorities.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team in a highly collaborative environment.
Self-motivated, takes initiatives and demonstrates commitment to continuously improve skills and self.
Company Overview:
Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the world’s largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.9 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers.

We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

#GD-Quant
