Overview

Quantitative Analyst
Guggenheim Investments

About_The_Position

Guggenheim is seeking an exceptional Quantitative Analyst to join its
Structured Credit Team. This person will support the team by developing credit
models, investment tools, and reports to assess risk and exposures across ABS,
CLO, RMBS, and CMBS in a rapid, market-oriented timeframe. Models and tools
will primarily support investment research and deal review, risk reporting,
trading, and valuation. The Quantitative Analyst will work closely with Senior
Analysts and Traders to improve and rapidly prototype models and analytical
tools for use on the desk, as well as manage the migration of those models and
reports to GPIM developers for enterprise-supported implementation. The Analyst
will also interface with GPIM Developers/IT team to conform to standard firm
protocols for language and 3rd party software to ease migration from the desk
to production. The position is located in Santa Monica, CA.

Specific_Responsibilities_Include

Responsibilities
Developing tools and studies for merging multiple 3rd party and internal
information sources for monitoring deal credit performance
Developing and managing models for generating inputs to CLO/RMBS/CMBS
collateral cashflows in 3rd party systems (e.g., Intex)
Coding and formulating business logic to Quality Control bond analytics
and valuation
Developing tools to compile and aggregate exposure reports by multiple
risk dimensions for complex asset classes such as Aircraft ABS and CRE
CLOs for use by traders, PMs, risk management, and clients
Skills_&_Experience_Required

Qualifications
Quantitative/Technical degree (STEM) from a top university
Advanced programming skills, and proficiency in at least 2 programming
languages out of C/C++, C#, JAVA, MATLAB, R, Python, and VBA (.NET
experience is highly desirable)
Working experience with database systems
At least 2 years working experience within fixed income space at a
financial firm
Good communication skills both written and verbal
The_Ideal_Candidate_Will_Have
Advanced degree in STEM
2 years of experience working on large, and complex analytic systems with
a team of quants and developers - highly preferable if the candidate has
experience with both improving existing systems/models as well as
creating them de novo
2 years of experience working in the structured credit space
Familiarity with trading desk environment
2 years of experience at a major broker dealer, as a desk quant, facing
traders and fundamental analysts
About_Guggenheim_Investments

About the Firm

Guggenheim Investments is the global asset management and investment advisory
division of Guggenheim Partners, with expertise in fixed income, equity, and
alternative strategies. We focus on the return and risk needs of insurance
companies, corporate and public pension funds, sovereign wealth funds,
endowments and foundations, consultants, wealth managers, and high-net-worth
investors. Our team of investment professionals performs rigorous research to
understand market trends and identify undervalued opportunities in areas that
are often complex and underfollowed. This approach to investment management has
enabled us to deliver innovative strategies providing diversification
opportunities and attractive long-term results.

Options

Apply for this job online Apply

Share

Email this job to a friend Refer

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh
the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed
Show moreShow less
