WHO WE ARE

Signal Sciences is the fastest growing web application security company in the world and has been named one of the Best Places To Work in Los Angeles by the Los Angeles Business Journal. With its award-winning next-gen WAF and RASP solution, Signal Sciences protects 40,000+ applications, APIs, and over 2 trillion production requests per month. Signal Sciences' patented architecture allows our customers to embrace cloud and DevOps while bringing actionable security visibility to development, DevOps, and security teams for the first time.

We work with some of the world's most recognizable companies, like Datadog, Under Armour, Duo, and Aflac across industries, including five of the top eCommerce companies, five of the largest software companies, and many of the top companies in financial services, retail, healthcare, media, and entertainment. Signal Sciences has won numerous technology and business awards including Technology of the Year from InfoWorld. Above all, we focus on collaborating as a team to deliver a product our customers truly enjoy working with.

SUMMARY

We are searching for an analyst who is passionate about translating data into impactful insights to drive business decisions. You will work with our Sr. Data Analyst and across all departments to support key business initiatives for the company. These initiatives will help scale the business and allow Signal Sciences to continue to grow. In addition, you will own several projects, as well as work collaboratively, to continually improve reporting and data quality.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Champion the data analytics process to help inform strategic and tactical business decisions across all teams
Monitor and measure performance of all lead generation channels, analyze the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and identify areas for optimization of lead conversion through every stage of the funnel
Design and analyze A/B and multivariate tests to drive KPI improvement
Communicate effectively with business stakeholders with varying technical and non-technical backgrounds
Support recurring and ad hoc requests from stakeholders by gathering, analyzing, interpreting data, and communicating the relevant results effectively
Use statistical and predictive modeling techniques to answer key business questions
Build out data documentation in Confluence
QUALITIES / EXPERIENCE WE'RE SEEKING
You enjoy using data to tell and communicate a story
Proficiency with SQL and Excel including advanced formulas/macros
Experience with Python, R, SPSS, and SAS
Exposure to BI tools such as Tableau, Looker a plus
Familiarity with Salesforce and other CRM tools
Experience with building dashboards
Empathetic collaborator who can communicate clearly across multiple cross-functional teams, including Sales, Marketing, Finance, Product, and Engineering
Process improvements and the development of tools to automate commonly requested analyses
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and distribute significant amounts of information with high-levels of accuracy
Understanding of a quantitative field, such as mathematics, statistics, engineering, computer science, business analytics, etc.
WHY YOU SHOULD JOIN SIGSCI

Named a Best Place to Work in 2019 by LA Business Journal and Comparably, SigSci is built on a cultural foundation of passionate, driven, and unique individuals. As a team member, you will enjoy 100% employer-sponsored medical, dental, and vision benefits, 401K retirement plan, and flexible work arrangements. Most of all, you will have the opportunity to make a positive impact with the industry leader in web application security.
