PUBG Corp. is the developer and publisher of the blockbuster video game, PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BATTLEGROUNDS (PUBG). Since its release, PUBG has received worldwide acclaim and has sold many millions of copies, winning multiple game awards worldwide and setting the standard for the battle royale genre. Headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, PUBG Corp. has operational offices globally across North America, Europe, Japan, China, and South East Asia.

We are seeking a Business Data Analyst to join our Business Insights team full time, supporting management's decision making and all marketing/community/esports initiatives for the Global market from our Santa Monica office. The right candidate will be highly organized individual with outstanding analytical and communication skills. Being self-motivated is a must, as well as familiarity with the whole funnel of data analysis - from processing, cleansing, build models, visualization to communicating results to management and related teams.

Roles and Responsibilities
Managing and delivering on complex analytical requests
Develop KPIs, tools and dashboards that measure the health of our product
Build ad hoc reports and analyses based on requests from business teams
Partner with content creators, marketers, engineers, and operators to translate business insights into decisions and action
Find opportunities for growth and efficiency for PUBG
Design and analyze marketing performance; communicate results and launch decisions
Skills to create thrills
BA/BS degree in quantitative/analytical field such as Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, and Engineering Advanced degree preferred
Minimum 4 years of experience in a data analytics role
Minimum 2 years of data visualization and reporting using BI tools (Tableau, Looker or similar)
Proficiency in SQL able to write complex but structured and efficient queries and handle edge cases within a large dataset
Experience in programming, especially wth data science and visualization libraries in Python or R
Strong oral, organizational, and written communication skills, and ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in performing analysis on Spark, Hadoop related infrastructure
Experience with using cloud systems (AWS, Azure or equivalent)
Bonus Points
Passionate gamer and avid PUBG fan
Hungry for Chicken
Perks
Competitive compensation
100% family coverage of medical, dental, vision insurance
Unlimited time off for all employees
401K match, covered life insurance
Subsidized gym membership
Free lunches and fully stocked kitchen
Lots of PUBG Swag including Loot Box drops, free PUBG play on Steam & monthly PUBG company rumbles
Team outings and happy hours throughout the year
Reasonable Accommodation

PUBG Santa Monica is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, the Company will ensure that persons with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodations. If reasonable accommodation is needed to apply for an open position, perform essential job functions, and/or to receive other benefits and privileges of employment, please contact the HR Talent team at PUBG Santa Monica, to begin the interactive process.

EEOC statement

PUBG Santa Monica provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type.
