COMPANY DESCRIPTION

At Beyond Meat, we started with simple questions. Why do you need an animal to create meat? Why can’t you build meat directly from plants? It turns out you can. So we did. We make plant-based meats that allow families to eat more, not less, of the traditional dishes they love while feeling great about the health, sustainability, and animal welfare benefits of plant protein. Our goal is to bring exciting change to the plate—and Beyond.

OVERVIEW
This is a full-time position reporting to the Director of Research and Development. The Research Scientist will use scientific principles and expertise, and a broad range of advanced technologies and industrial tools for achieving company goals. This successful, self-motivated, creative, team-oriented, resourceful, adaptable, and results-oriented individual will lead in their area of expertise to create and characterize macromolecular interactions with a specific emphasis on the chemistry, protein interactions, and solvent properties of plant yeast, bacterial and algal components. The Scientist will have a keen understanding and extensive hands-on experience with the ability to think beyond standard methods, independently lead and reach conclusions, and clearly deliver results within a matrix organization.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Support R&D team in attaining short-term and long-term development goals. Adapt to evolving scientific priorities
Leverage internal and external technology capabilities to develop products that match or exceed consumer needs and provide a significant competitive advantage
Utilize core research capabilities and know-how to develop new products and improve existing products
Develop product prototypes on the bench, conduct pilot and commercial scale trials, establish data and make a technical case for product feasibility
Actively support the innovation stage gate process: brainstorming and ideation sessions, concept development, concept screening, feasibility and commercialization
Build cross-functional support when appropriate and develop project plans to drive development and implementation
Continuously search for and vet advanced technologies that complement areas of strategic focus
Advise company officers in areas of scientific and process development expertise
Provide written and verbal reports of research activities. Participate in R&D and larger company meetings.
Preserve all forms of intellectual and material property generated from the above activities, including writing patents, writing protocols for novel processes
Coordinate with vendors and CMOs for the supply of plant and microbial ingredients
Oversee or conduct product formulations and analyses, reagent preparations, cell fractionation, gel electrophoresis, homogenization, sonication, dehydration, etc.
Provide general laboratory support, purchase equipment, and supplies, and share in kitchen and laboratory maintenance
Maintain a safe working environment
QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. degree in Chemistry, Organic Chemistry, Biochemistry, Protein Chemistry, Polymer Chemistry, Biophysics or Molecular Biology
Minimum 5-year experience in academic or industrial research. Experience in food company ingredient and product development desirable but not required
Prior experience with analytical chemistry, physical chemistry, protein chemistry, organic chemistry and/or reaction chemistry preferred
Understanding of food product chemistry, analytical testing, formulation and processes used in food manufacturing desirable but not required
Proven ability to combine scientific insight with strong technical skills and business acumen
Experience working in a matrix and highly collaborative team orientated environment
Excellent oral and written communication skills. Fluent in English, both written and spoken
Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities
Excellent analytical, organizational and multi-tasking skills, as well as the ability to interact and collaborate successfully with all levels and functional areas
WORK ENVIRONMENT
Laboratory, office and kitchen environments with some travel (10%)
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Frequent sitting at a desk, communication-using computer and phone
Beyond Meat is an equal employment opportunity employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, creed, color, national origin, age, sex, religion, ancestry, veteran status, marital status, gender identify, sexual orientation, national origin, liability for military service, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. If you are interested in learning the status of your application, please note you will be contacted directly by the appropriate human resources contact person if you are selected for further consideration. Beyond Meat reserves the right to defer or close a vacancy at any time.
