Requisition ID: 46940

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
The Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Department seeks a creative and enthusiastic Data Science Specialist to join a diverse team of engineers, data scientists, and programmers with a passion for machine and deep learning, data analytics, natural language processing, statistical analysis, and computer vision. We are a growing, innovative, and collaborative department that makes meaningful contributions to National Security Space (AF, NRO, etc.), and Civil and Commercial customers (NASA, MDA, DHS, etc.).

The ideal candidate has deep expertise in one or more of the following disciplines: Data Science, Applied or Theoretical Machine Learning, Deep Neural Network Architectures (Recurrent and Convolutional networks), Classification Systems, Unsupervised Learning, Natural Language Processing, and Artificial Intelligence. They are also team-oriented, take initiative, focused on developing cutting-edge technologies and frameworks, and are comfortable balancing a variety of projects spanning internally funded research and development to direct customer support for mission-critical space systems.
Interact cross-functionally with a wide variety of people and teams. Work closely with engineers and subject matter experts to identify opportunities and implement improvements to data analytics.
Be a champion of Data Science and Machine/Deep Learning by fostering relationships and collaborative opportunities throughout the corporation and external peer organizations in the interest of National Security Space
Solve difficult and non-routine analytics problems while prototyping and building analytics tools and pipelines
Build and lead high-functioning teams of data scientists and software developers
Qualifications
This position can be filled as a Data Science Specialist or a Sr. Data Science Specialist

Requirements for Data Science Specialist
Typically, eight or more years of relevant experience in industry and/or academia
Master’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field and strong knowledge of machine learning
The ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance.
Fluency in at least one programing language (C++, Java, or similar) and one scripting language (Python, R, Julia, or similar)
Familiarity with a broad set of supervised and unsupervised ML-based solutions to complex problems in business, science, or engineering
Experience with fast prototyping
Experience working and/or leading effectively with software engineering teams
Requirements for Sr. Data Science Specialist
Typically, twelve or more years of relevant experience in industry and/or academia
Master’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field and strong knowledge of machine learning
The ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance.
Fluency in at least one programing language (C++, Java, or similar) and one scripting language (Python, R, Julia, or similar)
Familiarity with a broad set of supervised and unsupervised ML-based solutions to complex problems in business, science, or engineering
Experience with fast prototyping
Experience working and/or leading effectively with software engineering teams
Preferred
Ph.D in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field and strong knowledge of machine learning
Active TS/SCI security clearance
Strong programming skills utilizing Scikit-learn, OpenCV, Keras and/or Tensorflow libraries
Experience with machine learning methods like random forests, logistic regression, neural networks, k-nearest neighbor, Gaussian mixture models, and reinforcement learning
Fluency in SQL, NoSQL and other big data querying languages
Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc…)
Familiarity with Amazon Web Services for data analytics
Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments
Strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills
Experience with multivariate statistics
Participation in extracurricular activities related to data science (e.g. Kaggle competitions)
Experience with big data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
Transcript Requirement
Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

Clearance Requirement: Secret

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Relocation Available: Yes

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

All Aerospace employees working in organizations with technical responsibilities are required to apply for and maintain at least a Secret clearance. U.S. citizenship is required for those positions.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, age, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, national origin, protected veteran status, physical disability, medical condition, mental disability, or disability status and any other characteristic protected by state or federal law. If you’re an individual with a disability or a disabled veteran who needs assistance using our online job search and application tools or need reasonable accommodation to complete the job application process, please contact us by phone at 310.336.5432 or by email at ieo.mailbox@aero.org. You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement.
