Read what people are saying about working here. 

Channel and Intellectual Property Protection Services Investigative Data Scientist

Come as you are. Do what you love.

Microsoft a global company, located in over 100 countries, with revenues of over $80bn. Many people think Microsoft = software, but we also do hardware, services, research and more. Think Windows, Windows Server, Azure and Visual Studio. Online services such as Bing and MSN. Business solutions like Office and Exchange. And devices like Surface, Xbox, and more. We're passionate about what we do.

We run our company in much the same way. Our employees come as they are and do what they love. We work hard, but we value work/life balance, and each of us defines what that means to us. So why not explore what we do, where we do it, and what life is really like at Microsoft? You just might be surprised.

If you love the pursuit of excellence and are inspired by the challenges that come through driving innovations that impact how the world lives, works and plays, then we invite you to learn more about Microsoft Operations - and the value we deliver across Microsoft and to our customers and partners. We offer unique opportunities to work on interesting global projects in an environment that appreciates diversity, focuses on talent development and recognizes and rewards great work.

We make doing business with Microsoft easy.

Job Description:

We invite you to explore the Channel and Intellectual Property Protection (CHIPP) services Investigative Data Scientist position at Microsoft Redmond.

As a CHIPP Investigator, you will have a great opportunity to shape how we proactively and reactively address emerging piracy threats to Microsoft. You will have the opportunity to help identify, scope and remediate piracy activity across a wide range of programs and channels. We are looking to expand our investigations team to provide greater coverage with individuals that like to solve complex problems using analytical tools.

Background check requirements:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter

Responsibilities

Responsibilities:

You will be responsible for analyzing data from multiple sources within Microsoft. You will use that data to identify trends, exploits, and scope of non-genuine activity. You will contribute to pattern recognition algorithms, both operational and ad-hoc basis. You will use that information to work across virtual teams to raise awareness of the issue, scope, and remediation phases. You will regularly track activity and report out activity and progress related to various cases. You will also contribute to help evaluate long term controls which will help improve systems and tools.

Identify and scope threats, and theft of Microsoft and Partners Intellectual Property.

Both lead and participate in virtual teams in Investigation tasks, working in a team across geographic distances.

Provide visibility to CHIPP and Partners regarding threats and attacks across multiple business channels.

Informs both current business decisions, and decisions projected in advance, by identifying and interpreting complex processes and patterns.

Drive process and capability improvements

With input from senior management, defines and manages strategic implementation for both new and improved processes for Microsoft and vendor capabilities.

Results are demonstrated by meeting relevant success metrics (for example, time to detection of compromise, mitigation velocity, and cross-functional process efficiency).

Primary Job Functions/Activities, 70% of time:

Lead investigations efforts including identification of leads, review data and patterns analysis for anomalies, identification of cases & research, and management for all aspects of the case.

Identification of perpetration methods, including root-cause, and identification of perpetrators.

Drive effective investigation process and establish proper documentation of investigative process.

Proper handling of evidence in accordance to legal standards and processes.

Identification of leakage/fraud including proper referral of cases for remediation.

Support incident response process and collaboration (including, but not limited to CHIPP and Corporate, External, & Legal Affairs (CELA).

Partner with CELA attorneys and channel leaders to determine and take appropriate legal actions.

Addt'l Job Functions/Activities, 30% of time:

Support Risk Managers’ controls implementations efforts as part of investigation/remediation efforts.

Support Investigations automation efforts towards achieving higher efficiency.

Develop and implement long term process improvements and drive investigative excellence within the team.

Deep analytic research into root cause and modus operandi of attack vectors

Using analytic results identify perpetrator and use data to build case files where appropriate

Drive issues to resolution by partnering with other CHIPP team members and other Microsoft groups to facilitate investigation and reduction of the issue to the root cause

Qualifications

Basic Qualifications:

A Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Criminal Justice, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and/or practical experience is required

3 years' experience minimum in Criminal Investigation, Data Science, Data Analysis, or Business Intelligence

Preferred Qualifications:

Experience analyzing big data and modelling data

Formulates problems to inform multiple dimensions of business/customer questions using algorithms and multiple data sources.

Uses data-exploration techniques to discover new or previously unasked questions.

Extends existing data sources by adding attributes, mitigating data limitations, and using existing sources in ways that significantly improve results.

Identifies and applies the appropriate tools to efficiently collect, clean, and prepare massive volumes of data for analysis.

Coaches others on data exploration and statistical data analysis methods, and on how to correctly document the approach, analysis, and results.

Engages in the peer review process, role-models a willingness to accept feedback, and objectively takes advantage of opposing ideas to advance scientific inquiry.

Manages dependencies proactively and demonstrates an ability to resolve conflict.

Shares information across the team to the right audience proactively and with the appropriate level of detail and timeliness.

Has a sense of pride and personal accountability for the end-to-end product/service quality, completeness, and resulting customer experience.

Uses the product/service regularly in order to understand it thoroughly and discover ways to improve it.

Strong written & verbal communications skills

High degree of curiosity and problem-solving skills

Fully conversant in English verbally and in writing

Excellent attention to detail and organizational skills

Experience with Microsoft SQL and other relational databases and In-depth understanding of sophisticated threat modelling

Highly developed analytical skills

Excellent interpersonal and group dynamic skills

Demonstrated proficiency of basic program management

Excellent presentation skills

Secondary language skills in Chinese and/or Russian

#CSEO

#CDAS

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that devel...
