Job Description
At 12traits we believe the path to a better future lies in unlocking the true potential of humankind. We do this through harmonizing human behavior data with psychological trait sets, leveraging a multitude of scientifically valid data perspectives that allow us to understand human beings more deeply and sustainably than ever before: ushering in a new era of personalized experiences, starting in gaming, optimized for human potential and health.

Elevating the human experience is at the core of everything we do. That core is realized through our human-facing machine learning algorithms, our unparalleled understanding of a user within any given environment, and our ability to personalize experiences in real time.

As a data scientist, you’ll work closely with psychometricians, engineers, as well as UX designers and researchers to actualize the potential derived from combining some of the richest behavioral data sets available with cognitive data. You'll not only get to push your own boundaries, but the boundaries of artificial intelligence.

WHAT YOU WILL OWN AND DRIVE
Perform complex statistical analyses on large data sets of unique psychometric data
Refine our base algorithm that translates psychometric data into actionable insights for our customers
Leverage large quantities and diverse sets of behavioral data to drive our proprietary machine learning algorithm
Incorporate the latest findings from machine learning and psychological research into a working product
Support our research and development roadmap to advance our machine learning algorithm at the core of our (future) products
WHAT YOU NEED TO BRING TO THE TABLE
MS in Computer Science, Physics, Computational Neuroscience, or related field
4+ years of highly relevant practical experience in data science or data engineering
Demonstrated experience with a wide variety of machine learning models and techniques (e.g. supervised and unsupervised learning, dimensionality reduction)
Exceptional command of Python and relevant libraries (Numpy, Scipy, Sklearn, etc.)
A strong understanding of the fundamental mechanics of machine learning algorithms
A portfolio of activities / a side project that showcases your intellectual curiosity
WHAT MAKES YOU STAND OUT
A PhD in Computer Science, Physics, Computational Neuroscience, or related field
Familiarity with modern infrastructure and tools (e.g. Kubernetes, Docker, AWS) and large-scale data processing technologies (e.g. SQL, Hadoop, Spark)
Knowledge of modern deep learning frameworks and libraries (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Theano, etc.)
Hands-on experience with behavioral and event data from video games (mainly mobile and PC) including prediction models (e.g. churn, monetization, LTV)
Familiarity with and interest in psychometric data
Experience in a fast-paced, startup environment
HOW WE WILL SUPPORT YOU:
The opportunity to shape a ground-breaking and important idea from the early days
A high level of ambition combined with a clear vision
Highly motivated and experienced team with the relevant domain expertise and networks
A competitive compensation package with a significant equity share
Support for training and personal development
The opportunity to work in an international team in the US and Europe
