Requisition ID: 51543

All Locations: El Segundo, CA (California)

A trusted partner. A national resource. A leader in national security space. We are THE Aerospace Corporation. A team that takes pride in our readiness to solve some of the most complex technical challenges in existence. With challenges spanning government to commercial, you’ll have the unique opportunity to work on projects that are literally evolving our nation's space and launch capabilities. We all share a common passion and aspiration – to serve a mission much bigger than ourselves. When you join our team, you’ll be part of a rare collection of thought leaders and game-changing innovators. Are you ready to launch your career?
Responsibilities
The Aerospace Corporation is seeking an Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) Engineer with a keen knowledge and interest in leveraging cutting edge technologies for space-domain specific applications and solutions focused on developing effective enterprise-level AI/ML technologies and frameworks. The qualified candidate will become part of Aerospace’s Data Science and AI Department, where they will develop tools, prototypes and production systems and analytic applications for mission-critical space systems.

Key Functions
Assessment of the maturity and prevalence of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies in industry for use in scalable and resilient mission-critical applications in a production environment
Evaluation of selected technologies for specific system development tasks
Presentation of evaluation results to senior members of the team with a recommendation for the best path forward for projects
Development of prototypes and proof-of-concept software/systems for distributed, mission-critical systems
Application of engineering techniques, procedures, and criteria in software and Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning system development and design
Development of proof-of-concept infrastructure configuration and software prototypes for/with team leads
Development and execution of experiments with other advanced information technologies (e.g. virtualization/cloud platforms, software technologies, etc.) to prove technology viability for Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions for specific applications/systems
Ability to work in small teams, as well as independently drive projects
Learning and understanding of new and cutting-edge technologies for utilization within product development and lifecycles
Creating an environment of learning and progress with team members and others
This position is available as AI/ML Engineer or Sr. AI/ML
Qualifications
Required for AI/ML Engineer
Bachelor's degree in Machine Learning, Data Science, Computer Science, Computer Information Systems, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or a related field from a recognized institution
Two or more years of software development in at least two different languages (e.g. Java, Python, C/C++)
One or more years of experience developing Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning solutions in TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, Caffe, SciKit Learn, or any other machine learning frameworks
Understanding of full-stack software engineering process
Experience with machine learning methods like random forests, logistic regression, neural networks, k-nearest neighbors, etc.
Experience with Artificial Intelligence techniques like Probabilistic Programming, Genetic Algorithms, Reinforcement Learning and adaptive systems
Working knowledge of Unix/Linux operating systems
Leadership or technical responsibility in one or more software development or computer engineering projects
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance.
Required for Sr. AI/ML Engineer
All requirements necessary for AI/ML Engineer
Familiarity/Experience with full ML/AI development life-cycle (e.g. data management, data curation, data pipelines, model development, model deployment, model auditing)
Five or more years of progressively responsible experience in relevant Artificial Intelligence/ Machine learning or Data Science roles
Expertise in Python, CUDA, and/or C++ programming languages
Strong experience working with Unix/Linux operating systems
This position requires the ability to obtain and maintain a Secret security clearance, which is issued by the U.S. government. U.S. citizenship is required to obtain a security clearance.
Preferred
Advanced degree in a technically related field
Active security clearance
Participation in extracurricular activities related to data science (e.g. Kaggle competitions)
Experience with data visualization and user interfaces
Experience with statistical modeling tools (R, Python, Octave/Matlab, etc.)
Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments
Experience with big data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
Experience in image/signal processing, statistics, data mining, and predictive modeling
Experience in SQL, NoSQL, and other big data querying languages
Familiarity with statistical tests, distributions, maximum likelihood estimators, etc.
Proficiency in at least one visualization tool and/or library (D3, Matplotlib, MS Excel, etc.)
Experience utilizing Scikit-learn, OpenCV, Caffe/TensorFlow/PyTorch libraries
Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, XML, JSON, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to effectively define goals and track progress on tasks
Demonstrated ability to apply initiative and creativity to solve problems
Demonstrated ability to cooperate as a member of a team
Demonstrated ability to operate independently and proactively seek guidance as needed
Transcript Requirement
Transcripts are required for this position.

Additional Requisition Details

System Job Title:MEMBER-TECH STF

Clearance Requirement: None

Access: None

Polygraph: None

Employment Type: Regular

Work Schedule: Full Time

Company Statement

The Aerospace Corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960. We operate a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) for the United States Air Force and the National Reconnaissance Office, and support all national security space programs. We also apply more than 50 years of experience with space systems to provide critical solutions to technologically complex systems in such areas as communications, shipping, law enforcement, and cyber, among others.

From our inception, our highly skilled technical staff has focused on ensuring the success of every mission and developing the most effective and economic space-related hardware and software in the world. Our greatest asset is the technical expertise of our people. Our state-of-the-art laboratory facilities are staffed by some of the leading scientists in the world.

Equal Opportunity Commitment

The Aerospace Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We believe that a diverse workforce creates an environment in which unique ideas are developed and differing perspectives are valued, producing superior customer solutions. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, gender, gender identity or expression, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, or disability status.

You can also review The Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law poster and the supplement, as well as the Pay Transparency Policy Statement
