Galvanize is a dynamic learning community for technology. Our community is where people and companies with the guts and smarts to create real-world change congregate and inspire each other. Our goal is to make opportunities in technology available to all those with the aptitude, determination and drive. Across our beautifully designed urban campuses nationwide, we offer a unique combination of education, workspace and networking.

We are growing our data science instructional team at Galvanize. Our Instructors train technical professionals with programming experience to solve data science problems utilizing innovative educational techniques. We're looking for passionate educators and practical problem solvers with demonstrated flexibility and curiosity.

Responsibilities:
Deliver lectures and tutorials on: scientific Python, SQL, probability, statistics (Bayesian and frequentist), machine learning, and data engineering.
Lead day-long "sprints," maintaining a strong presence in the classroom and helping other instructional staff
Deftly and patiently field student questions and provide feedback in lectures and office hours.
Build and refine data science curriculum and assignments.
Utilize student feedback and experimentation to continuously improve teaching and assessment methods
Evaluate new tools, packages, and tutorials for use in the curriculum.
Contribute to local evangelism, admissions, and nurture activities, such as attendance at meet-ups, speaking at conferences, leading workshops, etc.
Professional Development:
There's no better way to learn than to teach! You'll be amazed at how much you'll develop skills you thought you were already an expert in just by helping students and planning lessons.
Opportunities to work with and learn from other data science and web development instructors in a highly collaborative and intellectually rich environment.
Rub shoulders and cross-pollinate.
Keep your skills sharp with the option to work with our expert services arm, the Enterprise team, on industry web development and data science projects. Previous projects have involved: Machine Learning; Deep Learning, Data Engineering and Architecture, Applied Statistics and Statistical Modeling, Web Development Ruby on Rails, Angular, Ember, React, and Node.js and Express.
Become the best instructor you can be with ongoing training and support.
Qualifications:
Experience in industry in a data scientist or software engineer role.
Master's or PhD in a quantitative discipline such as engineering, statistics, or mathematics.
Strong understanding in the topics we teach: scientific Python, probability, statistics (Probability, A/B Testing, Bayesian methods, Regression methods, Time Series), SQL, machine learning (Decision Trees, Random Forest, Boosting, Support Vector Machines, Clustering, Natural Language Processing, Recommenders, Graphs), data engineering (Hadoop, Hive, and MapReduce), data visualization (d3), and data at scale. For more details on the program go to: http://www.galvanize.com/courses/data-science/#.Viqz4LQR8UU.
Outstanding communication skills.
Experience teaching a quantitative subject preferred.
Galvanize provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status.
