Company Description

MessageControl is a cybersecurity start-up in Chicago providing human layer email and messaging security. Our innovative technology protects users from phishing, spoofing, fraud, business email compromise (BEC), and other types of attacks.

Job Description

As a Data Scientist at MessageControl you’ll be building intelligent products to protect people from sophisticated email attacks. In this position, your data science expertise will help us build new features and improve our existing security products. Our transparent and collaborative culture means we work both independently and together as a team on projects in an agile environment.

What you bring to the team:
Partner with stakeholders across the organization to identify high-impact opportunities to use our data to further our innovative product strategy.
Build complex predictive models using Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms to substantially improve our email security tools.
Assess the potential usefulness and validity of new ML and DL approaches and data sources.
Develop proof-of-concept prototypes to prove out hypotheses.
Manage experience with data, including complex queries, exploratory data analysis, data visualization, advanced modeling and communication of applicable insights to audiences at varying levels of technical sophistication.
Help drive our data science culture and strategy.
Qualifications

Desirable Skills and Experience:
Must have at least 3 years of professional experience outside of academic or internship settings. Prior research, data science modeling and taking machine learning features to market.
Outstanding quantitative background (e.g. statistics, math, machine learning, operations research, etc.): Bachelors degree required, masters is a plus.
Familiarity with technical tools for analysis - Python (with Pandas, Scikit-learn, etc.), SQL, etc. Prior experience using natural language processing techniques is a plus.
Previous software development experience is required, including usage of version control systems such as git and writing tests
Research mindset with a bias towards action. You are able to structure a project from idea to experimentation to prototype to implementation.
Must be a passionate and attentive self-starter, a great communicator, and possess the ability to follow-through initiatives to completion. You have a great work ethic and love the responsibility of being held accountable for the results.
Additional Information

Perks/Benefits:
Direct access to senior management – our leadership team works alongside our team members every day.
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance.
Company paid life insurance, short term disability and long term disability.
Flexible paid time off (PTO) policy, plus sick days.
Ongoing professional development opportunities by level and function.
Your choice of Windows or Mac laptop.
Onsite gym.
Casual dress in a fun, friendly and collaborative work environment.
The ability to have significant impact every day.
Location:
Thisposition is onsite at our office in the Chicago Loop. We're not offering remote employment at this time.
