At BCS, we strive to be the very best at what we do, both in the eyes of our customers and our team members. By joining our team, you are joining us in our mission to deliver truly advanced data center operations.

Perks and Highlights:

· Competitive salary

· Annual performance bonus

· Christmas bonus

· No travel beyond the site. Beautiful, modern facility & clean environment

· Work shirts provided by BCS

· Full benefits package, including 401k, all medical benefits, and profit-sharing

Schedule:

· 3-2-2 schedule pattern, with rotating weekends

· 12-hour shifts; 6am-6pm & 6pm-6am

· 3 & 4-day workweeks are typical (84 hours per pay period)

· Plus over-time

BCS is a Data Center management firm managing a data center located in Phoenix. We are looking for local professionals for future opportunities to join our team, serving one of our valued Arizona clients.

SUMMARY

The Data Center Engineer, Level 2 (DCE-2) conducts extensive hand-on operations and maintenance work in a data center and/or critical environment facility. Work includes installation, repair, and maintenance of critical and non-critical electrical, mechanical, and plumbing/piping equipment, machinery, and controls located in the interior and exterior of the building. Monitors operations and conducts a routine and on-going assessment of the building systems operations and performance. Performs tests, rounds, and analyzes data to ensure the proper functioning of departmental equipment. Work requires strong formal conduct of operations skills, technical expertise, personal accountability, and flawless execution of work activities commensurate with a high-risk critical environment and associated expectations for exceptional customer satisfaction and confidence.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the essential duties and responsibilities listed below with or without reasonable accommodation. The requirements listed below are representative, but not all-inclusive, of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
At the direction of supervisor, maintains, monitors, and performs preventive, predictive, and corrective maintenance on critical equipment, which may include the following: mechanical (including HVAC, computer room air conditioners, chillers, and plumbing) electrical (including UPS, DC battery systems, PDU, generators, transfer switches, and switchgear), cabling (including data and voice, broadband), fire detection and suppression, life safety, lighting, temperature control systems, building management systems, and digital systems (including fire alarm, duress, card access, CCTV). Also responsible for the operation and maintenance of non-critical equipment such as refrigeration, heat exchanger, HVAC, electrical, hot water systems. Monitors operation, adjusts, and maintains refrigeration, chilled water, and air conditioning equipment; boilers, and ventilating and hot water heaters; pumps, valves, piping and filters; other mechanical and electrical equipment; record readings and make adjustments where necessary to ensure proper operation of equipment.
Routinely performs all work in strict accordance with governing standard operating procedures, and maintenance work instructions.
Operates and monitors critical and non-critical system equipment and components. Oversees work efforts (including 3rd party contractors) for the safe and compliant operation, maintenance (corrective and preventive), and modification of critical equipment. Disables and enables fire alarm control panels and systems.
Install and repair plumbing/piping/tubing; wire single and three-phase motors (single & two speed); run conduit; pull wiring to machinery, motors, operating parts, etc.; install and rebuild pumps and motors; install and rebuild air compressors; heat exchangers; replace bearings in all types of motors; replace seals on pumps; install and repair piping, valves, filters, hot water systems, and associated controls; assist other mechanics and engineers with major repairs and maintenance of building and equipment. Install, repair, and maintain electrical controls, switching, and motor controls.
Receive and execute work orders for preventative and corrective maintenance on critical systems and building a physical structure. Consult with Data Center Engineer, Level 3 or Chief Engineer to order necessary materials to complete all maintenance and perform necessary work. Finalize work orders by completing necessary documentation in the computerized maintenance management system.
Respond immediately to emergency situations (fire, evacuation, equipment failure, etc.) and customer concerns.
As qualified, perform Building Management System Console operations.
Comply with departmental policy for the safe storage, usage, and disposal of hazardous materials. Maintain a clean and safe workplace.
Performs additional job duties as requested.
Competencies
Flexibility, including the willingness and ability to readily respond to changing circumstances and expectations. Openness to new ideas and procedures.
Stress management/composure -- the ability to work, while maintaining composure and calm demeanor under pressure.
Strong customer service and client focus.
Excellent technical aptitude regarding the operation and maintenance of all critical mechanical, electrical and fire and life safety systems
The ability to be a part of a team and to work well in a collaborative, team-oriented environment
Strong planning skills
Problem analysis and problem resolution at both a strategic and functional level
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Solid work ethic and integrity
Supervisory Responsibility

This position has no supervisory responsibilities.

Work Environment

Essential duties are done both inside and outside, in climate-controlled and non-climate-controlled conditions. Exposure to wet (and humidity), extreme temperatures, noise, vibration, mechanical hazards, radiant energy hazards, electrical hazards, explosive hazards, and burn hazards. Climbing ladders and scaffolding as required to complete work.

Physical Demands
Lifting requirements are intermediate and may be required to occasionally lift, carry, push, pull, or otherwise move objects up to 50 pounds.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to frequently stand; walk; use hands, handle or feel, and reach with hands and arms.
POSITION TYPE/EXPECTED HOURS OF WORK
This is a full-time position
Must be able to work varying shifts in a 24 x 7 x 365 environment
Travel
Limited travel may be required in this position.
Required Education and Experience
High School diploma or GED equivalent
2+ years’ experience in critical environment operations, maintenance, and/or engineering supporting critical facilities operations
Working knowledge of critical data center systems, including HVAC, standby emergency power, uninterruptible power supplies, and associated infrastructure
Preferred Education and Experience
Universal CFC Certificate, Electrical License, HVAC license, Boiler Operator Certificate, etc., as agreed upon to perform duties
Operating Engineers license (SMA) or equivalent preferred
Valid driver’s license
Additional Eligibility Qualifications
Excellent technical aptitude regarding the operation and maintenance of all critical mechanical, electrical, fire, and life safety systems.
Must be willing to submit to a full criminal background check, results of which may or may not bar employment, in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.
Must be willing to submit to a drug screen, in which results will be interpreted and applied to an employment eligibility determination in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.
Work Authorization/Security Clearance (if applicable)

If this position is assigned to work outside of the U.S., a candidate must be eligible to meet all requirements for foreign national employees in other assigned countries.

AAP/EEO Statement

BCS FM, LLC provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Other Duties

This job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.

Job Types: Full-time, Temporary

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Referral Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
12 Hour Shift
Experience:
Critical Facilities Maintenance including HVAC, UPS: 2 years (Preferred)
Critical Data Center Systems: 2 years (Preferred)
Data Center-Specific: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
High school or equivalent (Preferred)
License:
HVAC license (Preferred)
Driver's License (Preferred)
Universal CFC Certificate (Preferred)
Boiler Operator Certificate (Preferred)
Electrical License (Preferred)
Operating Engineers license (SMA) or equivalent (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
hrservices@bcsfmsolutions.com
Work Remotely:
No
