BURST Oral Care is a LA-based, affordable, subscription oral care company recommended to you by your most trusted dental professionals - founded in 2017. We started BURST as a means to disrupt an industry that to date hadnât provided the highest quality, affordable and well-designed products to its customers. BURST does just that.

Our products are crafted and sold with the patient first. This unwavering commitment to affordable, well designed, patient first products; our unmatched ambassador program of dental professional; and select endorsements from celebrities who reflect our brand values â like this yearâs celebrity, Chrissy Tiegen â have been the catalyst for growth. The result? Burst is one of the fastest-growing subscription brands in the country.

To help us take our next step, we are looking for a driven Customer Analyst to help us continue our journey in the health and wellness market and bringing BURST products to patients everywhere.

Your Mission:

Weâre looking for a dedicated customer analyst, to drive the improvement of our understanding of customer behavior on our site and in response to our marketing. Youâll build dashboards/reports to automate basic regular queries and work closely with the marketing CRM & acquisition team as well as product/dev teams to help everyone understand how customers are behaving, why, and help the prioritization and execution of marketing and customer journeys.

You will report jointly to our Chief Revenue Officer and also work closely with the CMO and members of their teams. You will work closely with the analysts in the Finance Team, making sure that you use consistent methodology, share best practices, and reduce duplication.

What Youâll Do:
Build customer dashboards accessing internal databases to help the whole team understand recruitment/acquisition, sales, churn, upsell and other key customer metrics
Build/customize dashboards using third party platforms to help the team understand marketing performance in email and SMS
Be responsible for measuring and understanding the performance of specific marketing campaigns, and make recommendations about future development of marketing campaigns (initially email and SMS but right across the marketing spectrum)
Be responsible for measuring aspects of web/mobile site performance, including A/B or multi-variate testing, and to make recommendations to the product team on web/mobile development priorities and execution
Your Qualifications
A Bachelorâs degree, preferably in a numeracy-based subject, with 2-5 years of experience as an analyst in a retail/digital environment
You will have created dashboards on customer behavior (churn, acquisition cost, email/SMS response rate) for a digital direct-to-consumer or retail digital business
You will be skilled in SQL database queries, and in presenting the results of analysis to marketing or product teams
You will be highly familiar with setting up web or marketing tests, including using control/test methodology
(Preferably) you will have experience using third party Email/SMS tools such as Klaviyo in producing reports/analysis
You will have understanding of the dynamics of profitability in a subscription-based business, and be familiar with analyzing churn and order profitability
Whilst you will be comfortable âworking with the numbersâ to extract and manipulate data, you will also be experienced at presenting your findings to the team and working with them to understand the best ways to conduct tests.
Youâre a team player, but are comfortable working independently, and remotely.
You are fast-paced and quick on your feet and ready to take on moving and fast deadlines.
Youâre direct and honest, you take and give feedback with grace
*This is a remote position
Powered by JazzHR
