About City of Hope
City of Hope, an innovative biomedical research, treatment and educational institution with over 6000 employees, is dedicated to the prevention and cure of cancer and other life-threatening diseases and guided by a compassionate, patient-centered philosophy.

Founded in 1913 and headquartered in Duarte, California, City of Hope is a remarkable non-profit institution, where compassion and advanced care go hand-in-hand with excellence in clinical and scientific research. City of Hope is a National Cancer Institute designated Comprehensive Cancer Center and a founding member of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network, an alliance of the nations leading cancer centers that develops and institutes standards of care for cancer treatment.

Position Summary
The Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) prepares specimens for analysis; performs and reports waived, moderate and high complexity clinical laboratory procedures under the supervision of the laboratory supervisors and the direction of the department director, section heads and/or technical/clinical consultants. Performs and documents quality control and equipment/instrument maintenance procedures. Provides technical support in fulfilling departmental objectives.

Key Responsibilities include:
Performs all required procedures related to counting and identification of cells found in blood or other body fluids. Performs a variety of other coagulation hematological procedures as required.
Performs a variety of complex laboratory tests and procedures according to prescribed protocols and assigned schedules. Utilizes standard laboratory equipment and records and checks results for completeness and accuracy.
Studies morphology of red cells in terms of proportions of cells in various stages of development and other characteristics of red cells which may be related to disease processes
Cross-trains through other sections within department. Develops and maintains skills in order to provide coverage as assigned by the supervisor.
Refers questionable cases to section supervisor and the appropriate pathologist.
Performs surveys and participates in other quality assessment programs. May participate in research activities, investigate new products, equipment, techniques, and methodologies. Introduces, validates, demonstrates and recommends as appropriate.
Maintains the theoretical and procedural knowledge necessary to perform and interpret assigned procedures performed within the Laboratory.
Practices quality control methods common to area of expertise.
Prioritizes work and provides prompt and efficient service.
Maintains a positive image when dealing with department personnel and other City of Hope employees.
Performs data entry of diagnostic information.
Qualifications
Basic education, experience and skills required for consideration:
Bachelor's Degree
One year internship through an approved Medical Technology program
Hematology background / experience
Required Certification/Licensure:
California Clinical Laboratory Scientist license, required
MT (ASCP) or equivalent national certification, preferred
City of Hope is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
