At GenapSys we are working to power the world of healthcare and diagnostics with advanced DNA sequencing technology. Our sequencing instrument platform leverages a proprietary electrical microfluidic sequencing chip with a scalable number of detectors, enabling a wide range of applications including targeted sequencing in oncology, pharmacogenomics and genome-wide sequencing in microbiology and others. We believe in a world where every researcher has a compact, scalable, and affordable sequencer in their own lab, empowering the democratization of genetic sequencing. Our novel sequencing method is revolutionizing genomics discovery, biomedical research, healthcare, diagnostics, agriculture, and a variety of other fields.

Our team brings together an incredibly diverse and multidisciplinary set of backgrounds and skills – from electrical and mechanical engineers, physicists, chemists, microfluidic engineers, molecular biologists, bioinformaticians, mathematicians and more. It is a super exciting time to join GenapSys as we recently launched our first product which is generating a tremendous amount of interest.

About the Role:

As the scientific expert in our products, the Field Applications Scientist (FAS) will build long-term relationships and establish rapport with GenapSys customers. You will provide wet-lab, data analysis, and technical education on our Sequencing products as needed. Support interfaces include in-person, phone and email communications. The FAS will travel to customer sites and trade shows in the field for pre- and post-sale activities. Solves customer escalations effectively. Acts as a trusted expert to our customers, increasing customer satisfaction and loyalty as well as contributing to the overall success of the business through customer success and sharing customer voice in the development of new products.

Responsibilities:
Providing scientific/technical consultation to customers in partnership with the sales and marketing to ensure customers understand and use GenapSys products to best suit their needs.
Delivering scientific/technical presentations for internal or customer facing events.
Leading hands-on product and software trainings in customer laboratories.
Reporting on relevant activities in the field on a regular basis to sales partners, management, R&D, and product marketing.
Monitoring technical trends and competitive products in the genomics markets.
Providing remote and/or on-site troubleshooting assistance to customers in partnership with our internal technical support team and service repair depot.
Proactively partnering with sales and technical support teams to ensure customer support needs are achieved in a timely manner and appropriately documented.
Provides and continuously update customer contact relevant information. Track, record and document relevant information from all technical enquiries from customers.
Stays current on scientific and industry trends and innovations.
Participates in inter-departmental projects.
May be required to perform other related duties as needed.
Qualifications:
BA or BS in Biology, Genetics, Bioinformatics or related scientific field.
MS or PhD is strongly preferred.
A minimum of 2+ years of molecular biology laboratory or related work experience.
Experience in Next Generation Sequencing (NGS) technologies
Experience in sample and library preparation for sequencing is preferred
Must be technically competent in the molecular biology lab, along with good people skills, to work with a variety of diverse customers, including principle investigators, scientists, technicians, and informaticists.
Excellent communication skills; both verbally and written. Experience delivering seminars and leading group discussions and data reviews a plus.
Sound analytical reasoning and problem-solving skills.
Innovative, independent, driven, and results-oriented.
Methodical and comprehensive, yet flexible and able to easily adjust to evolving requirements and navigate in a fast-paced environment to meet tight schedules.
Ability to travel >50%, including overnight and international travel.
Strong desire to work in a demanding, high-energy, hands-on startup environment.
Ability to effectively represent customer needs with cross functional teams, including marketing, R&D, operations, and sales.
Ability to lift 30 Lbs. without assistance.
Maintain a valid driver's license and safe driving record.
Bonus points if:
Are adaptable to fast-paced, dynamic work environment and shifting demands.
Are highly collaborative, team-oriented, and an effective communicator
Are scrappy, willing to pitch in where needed.
Have a passion for making a difference in the world
Have the ability to work effectively in a matrix organization.
What we offer (US based-employees)*:
Competitive compensation and generous stock options.
Comprehensive, industry-leading medical, dental and vision benefits for employees and dependents.
Pre-tax savings plans for health care, child care, elder care, public transportation and parking expenses.
401(k) retirement plan with matching employer contribution.
Free daily catered gourmet lunches and snacks.
For those emergency moments - long and short term disability, life insurance (2x salary) and an employee assistance program.
Work with driven and enthusiastic colleagues in a fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment, the opportunity to work on problems that matter in a highly collaborative environment.
GenapSys does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward unsolicited agency resumes to our website or to any GenapSys employee. GenapSys will not pay fees to any third party agency or firm and will not be responsible for any agency fees absent a formal agreement.

A diverse and inclusive workplace where we learn from each other is an integral part of GenapSys' culture. We actively welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. We are an equal opportunity employer and a great place to work. Join us and help us achieve our mission!
