Req ID: 176055
HBO Max is the future of entertainment and storytelling. WarnerMedias new streaming entertainment offering, HBO Max is the culmination of some of the most innovative new technology and greatest creative talent in the industry. Anchored by the entire HBO service, arguably the greatest brand in television, HBO Max also features fan favorites from the WarnerMedia library including Warner Bros., New Line, DC, CNN, TNT, TBS, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Crunchyroll, Rooster Teeth, Looney Tunes, and more. HBO Max will also be home to key third-party library acquisitions, such as Friends, South Park and Doctor Who, and more than 50 exclusive Originals in its first year, from the likes of groundbreaking creative talent such as J.J. Abrams, Ridley Scott, Jordan Peele, Steven Soderbergh, Michael Mann, Mindy Kaling, Reese Witherspoon, Anna Kendrick, Greg Berlanti, Melissa McCarthy, Robert Zemeckis, Ellen DeGeneres, and other visionaries. HBO Max launches in May 2020.

The Job

The Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for leveraging data analytics, visualization and data science to help driving growth and improving retention for our new streaming service HBO Max with a specific focus on digital marketing business problems.

You will build data science models, perform advanced analytics and data mining to help business understating HBO Max consumers behaviors, analyze ROI from marketing spend and optimize advertising strategy.

The Daily
Apply supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques, such as linear and logistic regression, decision trees, and k-means clustering.
Develop analyses segmentation, propensity models, KPI deep dives, marketing efficiency, behavioral clustering, customer lifetime value and customer journey analytics.
Curate audiences and inform engagement tactics to enable differentiated, relevant marketing touches across CRM channels (email, in app, push).
Synthesize analytics and statistical approaches into easy-to-consume storylines, both visually and verbally, and provide indicated actions for executive audiences.
Capture business requirements for data and analytic solutions and collaborate with the Marketing team to ensure business requirements align with business needs.
Analyze content promotions and surface insights that will help drive viewership and a more loyal customer base.
Support day-to-day collaboration with Marketing to communicate insights and recommend data informed strategies.
The Essentials
BA/BS in statistics, mathematics, economics, industrial engineering or other quantitative discipline.
Good understanding of advertising technology and landscape, including external data providers and data management platforms.
3+ years of experience building data science models (Time Series, Regression, Decision Trees, K-Means, etc.).
Experience with large data sets and analytical tools.
Proficiency in scripting languages (SQL, Python, R, etc.).
Knowledge of a dashboarding language (Tableau, Looker, etc.) or equivalent report building experience not required but a plus Other desired qualifications: - Strong curiosity, leadership and business acumen.
Passionate about using data to drive strategy and product recommendations.
Experience in subscription-based businesses or eCommerce preferred.
Background with CRM preferred.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to motivate, collaborate and influence.
Ability to deliver on multiple projects and meet tight deadlines.
A developed creative taste and strong instinct for stories and experiences that will capture consumers.
Actively engage in strategic conversations with social insights and community perspectives.
Ability to adapt rapidly in a fast-moving environment with shifting priorities and the ability to react quickly, dynamically, and intelligently.
Ability to effectively influence and communicate cross-functionally with all levels; exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
Strong presentation skills are a must.
The Perks
Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings
Paid time off every year to volunteer
Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies
Access to in-house learning and development resources
Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.[#video#https://youtu.be/CC-seRMEo8s{#400,300#}#/video#] 176055
