About Us:

PlayQ is a rapidly growing global entertainment and technology company delivering high-quality mobile titles and innovative game development solutions to a worldwide audience. Our games have been downloaded more than 60 million times across the globe, with millions of users playing every day!

Our dedicated teams, based in downtown Santa Monica, CA, work together to craft the clever, visually stunning, and unforgettable experiences that our players love. Our emphasis on individual leadership means each team member has the opportunity to make a big impact, while our commitment to creative freedom gives them the ability to create whatever they can imagine.

It's this mindset that has led us to develop our own IP, infuse games with rich storytelling, build our own development tools, and solve the deepest technical challenges - all in the name of disrupting the mobile gaming landscape.

Job Overview:

PlayQ is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to spearhead analyses and provide meaningful insights into player behavior and engagement. The Senior Data Analyst will leverage billions of data points from our games to build dashboards, answer key business questions, and tell compelling stories. This person will conduct in-depth analyses of our data, report on key game metrics, and provide recommendations that will have a direct impact in shaping future game development and company initiatives. The ideal candidate is a highly quantitative, out of the box thinker who loves working with and analyzing data.

Responsibilities:
Evaluate the overall performance of games and present actionable insights to various stakeholders
Partner with multiple teams across the company including product, design, marketing and engineering to define KPIs and present actionable strategies to help optimize existing and new games
Lead in-depth analyses to provide answers to specific business questions and acquire a deep understanding of player behavior by performing player lifecycle analyses including LTV, cohort, churn & segmentation
Design and document tracking specifications for core KPIs, feature additions, experimentation, and user acquisition campaigns and ensure high data quality related to data tracking and reporting
Assist with the development of new tools and processes for data analysis across the company
Create thoughtful and compelling dashboards to monitor KPIs and performance for our current and future game titles
Requirements:
BA/BS degree in Math, Statistics, or other quantitative field (MS/PhD a big plus)
5+ years of relevant work experience in analytics & data science fields - preferably in a technology or gaming company
Proven experience in conducting customer lifecycle analyses such as LTV, churn & segmentation
Proven expertise in working on optimization initiatives such as controlled experiments & AB/multivariate testing, including hypotheses creation, experiment design and power analysis
Excellent communication & presentation skills and demonstrated ability in influencing multiple stakeholders with insights derived from data
Strong expertise in SQL and querying large, complex data sets on MPP platforms (Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery)
Strong expertise in manipulating data using Python or R
Experienced with Tableau, Looker, Power BI or BI/visualization tools
Experienced in performing statistical inference & hypothesis testing and in use of statistical tools/libraries
Bonus Points:
Expertise in Bayesian statistics
Experienced in building and evaluating statistical, machine & deep learning predictive models
Perks:
Competitive compensation and equity options
Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, life and long term disability insurance
Flexible time off
401K plan with company match
Stocked kitchen with free snacks and beverages of your choice
Catered weekly team lunches
Brand new penthouse office space equipped with outdoor patios offering beachfront views
Monthly team outings and volunteer opportunities
Help build and support awesome GAMES. For a living! Who doesn't love games?
Interested? Please get in touch!
