Req ID: 178112
HBO Max is the future of entertainment and storytelling.
WarnerMedias new streaming entertainment offering, HBO Maxis the culmination of some of the most innovative new technology and greatest creative talent in the industry. Anchored bythe entire HBO service, arguablythe greatest brand in television, HBO Maxalsofeaturesfan favoritesfrom the WarnerMedia library includingWarner Bros., New Line, DC, CNN, TNT, TBS, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Crunchyroll, Rooster Teeth, Looney Tunes, and more. HBO Max will also be home to key third-party library acquisitions, such as Friends, South Park and Doctor Who,andmore than50 exclusiveOriginals in its first year, from the likes of groundbreaking creative talent such as J.J. Abrams, Ridley Scott, Jordan Peele, Steven Soderbergh, Michael Mann, Mindy Kaling, Reese Witherspoon, Anna Kendrick, Greg Berlanti, Melissa McCarthy, Robert Zemeckis, Ellen DeGeneres, and other visionaries.

The Job
The Manager, Data Science will be a part of the Data Science team responsible for the day to day output for WarnerMedia's streaming service.

As the Manager, Data Science, you will be responsible for using your expertise in advanced analytics and predictive modeling to guide your team to solve business challenges and enable our organization to make data driven decisions. You will be responsible for leveraging your domain knowledge in combination with math and statistical knowledge to conduct analyses, build models, and synthesize results across various data sources which will be shared with internal and external stakeholders across all levels. You will be part of a team whose goal is to improve how we create, market, and distribute our content, our service, and interact with our customers.

The Daily
Guide the team to apply datamining, machine learning and/or deep learning techniques for a variety of modeling and relevance problems, including but not limited to customer behavior/lifecycle model, LTV model, content evaluation, and content recommendation
Understand the data and lead the ETL process to utilize large volumes of first party, second party, and third-party data for modeling purpose
Collaborate with ML Engineering team in the ML (machine learning) model deployment and production execution in in a cloud environment such as AWS using standard managed platforms such as Databricks, Sagemaker etc
Define metrics, understand A/B testing and statistical measurement of model quality
Evaluate and facilitate the integration of additional sources of data that can enhance analytic capability, continually identify and fix issue that could enforce robust analytic process
Work on building and executing plans to optimize the use and value of data to increase consumer engagement and better decision making across the organization.
Collaborate with stakeholders to understand their needs to ensure alignment on the development and delivery of scalable solutions; Present models and methodology to senior management and socialize results and learnings within the organization to drive business decisions
Work closely with the BI and engineering teams to implement the tools needed to support the empowerment of the organization with data.
Synthesize analytics and statistical approaches into easy-to-consume storylines, both visually and verbally, and provide indicated actions for executive audiences
The Essentials
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science, or other computational disciplines, and PhD preferred
7+ years' experience in data science roles, entertainment/media experience is preferred
3+ years' experience managing a team
Significant experience working with relational databases and SQL (experience with Pyspark/Scala is a plus)
Advanced-level proficiency in both R and Python (including class/function structure, package design and management)
Experience with the application of data science and advanced analytics techniques across structured and unstructured data.
Experience developing content evaluation and customer lifecycle models such as churn.
Experience with working in cloud-based environments like AWS
Proven ability building relationships and collaborate with stakeholders across large organizations.
Excellent verbal and written communications skills
Experience working with data from digital ad platforms, e.g. Facebook, Google Ads, etc. is a plus
The Perks
Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings
Paid time off every year to volunteer
Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies
Access to in-house learning and development resources
Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands
[#video#https://youtu.be/CC-seRMEo8s{#400,300#}#/video#] 178112
