Beachbody, the leader of in-home fitness programs and nutritional products, is on the lookout for top-notch talent. We’re an equal-opportunity employer who offers competitive compensation, incredible benefits and perks, not to mention a laid-back office filled with smart, friendly people and positive energy. We also provide free Shakeology, onsite gyms, flexible work hours, and cool product discounts. Are you ready to help us achieve our goal of helping people live healthy fulfilling lives?

The Senior Scientist, Scientific Affairs position will be part of a team that drives science-based nutritional product development and the translation of science for internal and external communications. This role will require technical assessment of bioactive ingredients, coordination of research programs with external partners and the application of scientific expertise for product claims substantiation. The position requires strong interpersonal communication skills that display scientific leadership and expertise in the areas of weight management, nutrition, sports nutrition, and vitamins and dietary supplements (VDS). The role will be central to cross-functional management of projects and require extensive collaboration with internal teams (product development, legal, regulatory, marketing and leadership) and external partners (academic researchers, industry partners, customers and suppliers).

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Participate in the ideation and development of science-based nutritional products by providing scientific expertise in areas of responsibility including: weight management, nutrition and sports nutrition, vitamins and dietary supplements, and/or botanical science
Consistently monitor nutritional literature for key trends, competitive activities, and technical advances that could offer future opportunities for the nutrition portfolio
Convert scientific knowledge into actionable projects (e.g., research studies, new product ideation, product improvements, etc.) which generate a competitive edge for the company
Work closely with Marketing and Digital teams to translate science, including clinical trial results and publications into consumer facing assets (new website platforms, teaching materials, infographics, nutrition and product guides)
Propose & manage clinical testing of products in coordination with internal and external resources
Lead the scientific evaluation and substantiation of ingredients and products
Prepare claims substantiation documents and written and oral reports by managing data and performing statistical analysis
Lead collaborations with internal cross-functional teams (Product Development, Marketing, Digital, Legal, Regulatory) and external partners (academics, consultants, and industry and government organizations)
Prioritize and manage multiple projects and organize workload with effective outcomes
Attend pertinent scientific-regulatory meetings, conferences and workshops
EDUCATION:
Required: Master's Degree (MA/MS) from an accredited university in a related field or equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities.
Preferred: Doctorate Degree (Ph.D.) from an accredited university in a related field or equivalent combination of education, training and experience that provides the required knowledge, skills, and abilities preferred.
Registered Dietician preferred
EXPERIENCE:
5 to 7 years of relevant and related experience
6+ years of experience in relevant academic or industry setting
Training and/or experience in either: federal regulations; nutrition/sports nutrition/physiology/exercise, physiology/biochemistry/pharmacology/biology research; food/nutraceutical/pharmaceutical industry.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Knowledge of scientific method and experimental design - Clinical trials experience a plus.
Strong technical writing ability, engaging oral communication/presentation skills, and precise and reliable analytical skills.
Strong track record in scientific research on nutrition, foods, dietary supplements and/or pharmaceuticals.
Scientific Affairs experience and knowledge of federal regulations and requirements of claims substantiation is desirable
The ideal candidate will have demonstrated ability to organize and integrate scientific knowledge to achieve business goals.
Ability to influence project teams and drive business strategy
Strong interpersonal skills and values (including conflict management, integrity, and empathy) with a demonstrated ability to collaborate well with cross-functional teams
Ability to rapidly and effectively respond to changes in project scope and focus
Demonstrated ability to manage and execute on multiple, complex projects with overlapping timelines
Strong drive for results and execution ability
Strong organizational and planning skills
Beachbody, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, religion, creed, age, physical or mental disability, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

To all recruitment agencies: Beachbody does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Beachbody employees, or any other company location. Beachbody is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
