Analytics Manager (Web / Social)

TVGla is currently seeking a strong Analytics Manager to help our our team!

Responsibilities

Analytics Manager will be responsible for all digital analytics for 2 daily TV shows. This person must have previous experience with site and social analytics for larger brands; and ideally in entertainment and/or television and must have a successful track record of working effectively with other departments (social strategy team). They must also be able to handle several projects at once, manage their time well, be responsive and easily accessible to the team.

Show #1:

Provide complete reporting, analytics and insights drawn from daily, weekly (for sweepstakes weeks and as needed) and monthly reports across all digital media platforms, channels, and campaigns that help brands to better trend and understand how its end users are engaging with the brands and their assets, and optimize assets to increase engagement, retention (visits, frequency of visit, time on site, shares, likes, etc.), viewing frequency and ratings, and create value as well as the following reports, summaries/highlights of success/failure and actionable recommendations. When required, help the brands to prepare research and support for meetings, presentations, and conferences.

o Research and analytics will include, but are not limited to, reporting from all digital extensions/groups that are a part of the client website including the following:

o Website metrics- Client site’s overall traffic, engagement, frequented pages, video starts, click tracking, search results, email metrics, etc.

o Demographic data on site visitors

o Viewer behavior

o Competitive Analysis- online

o Online and offline wrap reports of promotions, games on the client’s site, etc. Offline data (Ratings) to be provided by client.

o Mobile

o Client Site’s games only

o Socially-informed knowledge

o Conversion rates across all digital initiatives

o Wrap reports delivered following each sweepstakes, daily sweepstakes registration reporting for all sweepstakes and promotions
Ad- hoc reports are delivered for co-branded mini-sites, miscellaneous partner placements, and special initiatives. Viewing data/content collected around any UGC initiatives — and using that data in creative to display on the site (e.g. Having contestants submit photos from vacations they’ve won to then be displayed on the site)
iewing contestant data — for gathering content around blog entries
Sweepstakes — gathering winner information for display on the site and collecting and notifying social media sweepstakes winners (Note: any passing of PII data collection for selecting sweeps winners or sharing email opt-ins with partners is currently handled by Company’s third party technical team, which is facilitated by Contractor. Post migration, Company to determine who will handle moving forward.
Contractor to remain in regular communication with Client’s Information Security team through Company’s Director of Technology
Opt-In Delivery to be Contractor’s responsibility if/when Company migrates away from Client’s Rewards Program. Data collection will occur in the site’s hosting environment.
Latest search engine trends to increase organic traffic
Loyalty program acquisition reporting
Social Media Ad Buying Support

Analytics Manager will work with client as needed to run social media ad buys for client events and partners as appropriate. This will not include the ad spend, but it will include recommended approach/targeting, recommended budget basic setup of the buy and optimization recommendations throughout the buy; up to $50,000 per the contract period. This includes boosting posts.

Show #2:

Tracking & Reporting

Ad-hoc reports are delivered for sweepstakes, partner placements, online tests, and other special initiatives and occasional weekly needs identified by client
Weekly Social Reporting
Monthly Site and Social Reporting
Quarterly Site and Social Reporting / Case Studies
Social Media Ad Buying Management

Analytics Manager will work with client as needed to run social media ad buys for client events and partners as appropriate. This will not include the ad spend, but it will include recommended approach/targeting, recommended budget basic setup of the buy and optimization recommendations throughout the buy; up to $100,000 per the contract period. This includes boosting posts.

Skills

Some of the tools utilized for this position include:
Supermetrics
Google Analytics (Data Studio)
True Social Metrics
Moz
Revealbot
Awario

What We Offer

TVGla provides a dynamic, fast-paced, pet-friendly team environment, comprehensive medical benefits, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays & time off, summer Fridays, fun weekly events, a fully stocked kitchen, and more!

For consideration, please send us your cover letter, resume and salary requirements.

TVGla is an equal opportunity employer.
