Job Description
Data Analyst

Duration: 6+ month contract

Location: Chicago, IL

***MUST HAVE STRONG TABLEAU AND SQL SKILLS***

Duties and Responsibilities:
Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements.
May provide consultation to users and lead cross-functional teams to address business issues.
Produces datasets and reports for analysis using system reporting tools.
May perform research and assists in analyzing financial and health data, including medical algorithms to determine health care expenditures, medical and economic outcomes, and cost containment strategies.
Analyzes complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers.
Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree and 5 years’ experience in health care data statistical analysis OR 7 years’ experience in healthcare data statistical analysis.
3 years’ experience in data analysis and information reporting relating to healthcare data
Ability to query and analyze large sets of complex healthcare data and 4 years’ experience using Structured Query Language (SQL)
Ability to derive insights from complex data for presentation and decision making
Experience with data visualization tools Tableau, MicroStategy or similar
Verify accuracy of reports and provide insights.
Demonstrated best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve products or services
Ability to independently solve complex problems
Ability to work independently with minimal guidance
Ability to serve as a resource for colleagues with less experience; may direct the work of other staff members.
Experience with visualization tool Tableau or similar highly preferred
Experience authoring/maintaining SAS for complex reporting purposes
Experience or exposure to clinical data integration
Ability to provide subject matter expertise on healthcare/insurance industry
Expertise in business analysis process flows, facilitation, requirements gathering, testing software systems, etc.
Proficient creating and leveraging complex pivot tables
Financial analysis related to provider and facility data

Company Description
Founded in 1994 as Computer Resource Solutions, The CRS Group is a privately held company with offices in Itasca, IL and downtown Chicago. CRSG provides staffing solutions to Fortune 500 companies by successfully managing their IT contingent workforce needs. We expanded our offerings to extend that same high-quality service to other business needs, including creative, marketing, finance, legal and HR.
