Req ID: 178111
HBO Max is the future of entertainment and storytelling.
WarnerMedias new streaming entertainment offering, HBO Maxis the culmination of some of the most innovative new technology and greatest creative talent in the industry. Anchored bythe entire HBO service, arguablythe greatest brand in television, HBO Maxalsofeaturesfan favoritesfrom the WarnerMedia library includingWarner Bros., New Line, DC, CNN, TNT, TBS, truTV, Turner Classic Movies, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Crunchyroll, Rooster Teeth, Looney Tunes, and more. HBO Max will also be home to key third-party library acquisitions, such as Friends, South Park and Doctor Who,andmore than50 exclusiveOriginals in its first year, from the likes of groundbreaking creative talent such as J.J. Abrams, Ridley Scott, Jordan Peele, Steven Soderbergh, Michael Mann, Mindy Kaling, Reese Witherspoon, Anna Kendrick, Greg Berlanti, Melissa McCarthy, Robert Zemeckis, Ellen DeGeneres, and other visionaries.

The Job

The Director, Data Science will grow and lead a team of talented data scientists to develop innovative data science models and machine learning algorithms to drive content strategy and decision-making for HBO Max. The Director will work closely with content, research, finance, and strategy stakeholders across WarnerMedia to identify data science opportunities, build strong partnership, and deliver impactful solutions for the business.

The Daily
Develop innovative data science solutions that utilize machine learning algorithms, statistical and quantitative modeling approaches to support content creation, acquisition, marketing, and distribution strategy and initiatives.
Lead development of content demand forecasting, content valuation, promotion and
scheduling models to drive HBO Max content decision-making.
Partner with content analytics and engineering teams to define content metadata strategy, curation, and build content knowledge graph for data science use cases.
Develop content data science roadmap, and educate both internal and external stakeholders at all levels to drive implementation and measurement.
Build and lead a best-in-class data science team. Be a hands-on leader to mentor the team in latest machine learning approaches, and to introduce new techniques and processes.
Manage projects priorities and ensure timely delivery. Develop and evangelize best practices for scoping, building, validating, deploying, and monitoring data science models.
Prepare and present data science results and analytical insights to senior leadership.
The Essentials
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, Statistics, Operations Research, or other equivalent quantitative fields (Ph.D. preferred)
6+ years of work experience in Machine Learning, AI and Data Science with a proven track record to drive innovation and business impacts
Strong machine learning, deep learning, and statistical modeling expertise, such as causal inference modeling, ensembles, neural networks, reinforcement learning, NLP, and computer vision
Advanced knowledge of SQL and experience with big data platform (AWS, Snowflake, Spark, Google Cloud etc.)
Proficiency in machine learning and deep learning languages and platforms (Python, R, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, MXNet etc.)
Self-starter and self-motivated with the proven ability to deliver results in a fast-paced, high-energy environment
Strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex analysis and algorithms to untechnical audience
Works effectively cross functional teams to build trusted partnership
Working experience in digital media and entertainment industry preferred
The Perks
Exclusive WarnerMedia events and advance screenings
Paid time off every year to volunteer
Access to well-being tools, resources, and freebies
Access to in-house learning and development resources
Part of the WarnerMedia family of powerhouse brands
[#video#https://youtu.be/CC-seRMEo8s{#400,300#}#/video#] 178111
