Quantitative Analyst at Belvedere TradingWhat you'll do* Design proprietary option pricing model and numerical methods for non-arbitrage pricing and Greeks* Develop a strategy to recommend the overall position the desk should have exposure to* Implement pricing model in C#, C++, and python with optimal performance and robustness; tailor a model to products with distinct features* Support trading desks in understanding and manipulating model parameters* Develop automated tests for a pricing model to ensure accuracy, robustness, consistency, and performance* Research and generate ideas for modeling methods to capture market patterns.* Perform rigorous research for quant projects to establish theoretical foundations and mathematical formulas; document the findingsWhat you'll need* Master's degree in Financial Mathematics, Quantitative Finance, or Data Science* 12-months of working experience implementing financial models and trading algorithms analysis of large statistical data sets* Experience analyzing large statistical data sets* Multiple openingsWho we areBelvedere Trading is a leading proprietary trading firm proudly headquartered in downtown Chicago. Our traders work hard to provide liquidity to the market through their market-making activities and are the masters of a diverse set of commodities, interest rates, exchange-traded fund (ETF), and equity index options. This wouldn't be possible without the dedicated efforts of our technology teams who utilize and perfect our innovative technology solutions.Not sure what this means? No sweat. Our in-house learning and development team, Belvedere Trading University (BTU), will teach you everything you need to know.Our StanceBelvedere is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to providing a non-discriminatory employment environment for its employees. Discrimination against employees and applicants due to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age, military, and veteran status is prohibited. Belvedere encourages initiatives to increase diversity and provide equal opportunity to all applicants and employees. Belvedere is committed to providing a positive environment in which team members are treated with respect, dignity, and courtesy. Our firm believes in a dynamic culture of inclusion and diversity, where people thrive on individual and organizational characteristics, values, experiences, and backgrounds.Please note that Belvedere Trading does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resumes will become the property of Team Belvedere. No phone calls, please.Job Status: Full-TimeAmount of Travel Required: NoneWork Schedule: Regular and reliable on-site attendance during business hours with the ability to be on-site prior to the start of business on occasionApply NowRefer to a FriendCopyright 2020 Belvedere Trading. All rights reserved. Powered by ApplicantStack Applicant Tracking System
