Job Description
BioDiscovery, a leading software development company in the field of genomic analysis, is looking for a motivated Field Application Scientist (FAS) to serve as a technical reference for BioDiscovery’s customers. The FAS is responsible for the pre-and post-sales technical support for BioDiscovery’s software solutions.

Qualifications
PhD or Master’s degree major in Bioinformatics, Genomics, Molecular Biology or related major.
Experienced User of Nexus Copy Number software having cancer CNV research experience is a major plus.
Solid technical background with understanding and/or hands-on experience in CNV data analysis.
Proven system & analytical problem-solving skills.
Able and willing to learn new technology and new skills.
Excellent client-facing and internal communication skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Good computer skills and experience using Windows and Microsoft office.
Be competent, patient, creative and motivated with passion.
Able and willing to travel extensively, if necessary.
Responsibilities
Support Customers and Sales Representatives with data analysis & webinars/seminars or sales calls to provide technical and applications expertise on use of Nexus Copy Number software.
Performs product demonstrations via webinar or in person.
Provide excellent customer service through on-site visits, online meetings, email and telephone communication.
Provides end user training to customers online or in their laboratories.
Prepares and presents seminars to customers, potential customers and employees, as requested.
Provides technical training to Sales Representatives and collaborates with them to develop technical selling strategies.
Works in trade show booths to present products and gather information.
Works with Sales and Customer Service groups to plan and deliver user meetings in the field.
Completes all administrative duties such as trip reports, completing expense reports, entering Customer info into Support log, etc.
Attends technical training and scientific meetings to gather information on new trends, products and discoveries affecting BioDiscovery markets and opportunities.
Benefits
Competitive salary
Competitive benefits: health, dental, life, and disability insurance as well as, a 401k plan with matching company contribution
BioDiscovery, Inc. is dedicated to the development of state-of-the-art software products for life science research as well as clinical applications. Our mission is to enable scientists to eliminate disease and suffering through novel application of computational technologies and translating these findings directly and rapidly to clinical use.

From its inception in 1997, BioDiscovery has been an innovative leader in the microarray informatics field having introduced the first dedicated commercial software tool for analyzing microarray images. Since then, innovation has continued to be a top priority. Our employees are excited about solving difficult problems and enabling scientist to make significant scientific breakthroughs. Our passion to make a difference has further extended the company’s reach into creating the most comprehensive enterprise-wide system for clinical applications enabling research findings to make direct impact on patient care.

BioDiscovery is an equal opportunity employer with great benefits and a friendly, high-energy atmosphere. The company is headquartered in sunny Southern California near the Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) and has presence in Europe and in Asia. We are always looking for talented individuals, eager to make a real difference, to join our company.

To apply, please submit resume and cover letter explaining interest and qualifications for the position.

Powered by JazzHR

mOe1Tnpw4A
