Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Do you want to do meaningful work that improves quality of life? At Tetra Tech, you will work with high-performing teams who are passionate about using their expertise to find solutions to complex problems in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development.Summary:We are seeking an Environmental Scientist / Monitoring Lead to help develop, manage, and execute cutting-edge water quality projects for Tetra Tech's federal, state, and municipal clients. The selected candidate will work closely with national leaders in water quality and ecology, stormwater planning, and compliance monitoring.This position provides a unique opportunity to lead and support important water quality, sediment, and stormwater compliance monitoring projects in Southern California. The selected candidate will work with leading scientists, engineers, and planners that are focused on solving complex water quality and regulatory issues. This position offers the opportunity to develop and implement innovative monitoring programs that are designed to accurately assess current conditions/trends, report on implementation progress, and assist with identification of management strategies and regulatory needs. The selected candidate will work in a team environment with other professionals locally and in other Tetra Tech offices to promote the development of monitoring programs that seek to provide clear and accurate information to help inform necessary regulatory updates and decision-making.Position Details:* Project Management - manage and support a range of important water quality projects, especially those that include a monitoring focus. Engage with leading scientists, engineers, and planners within and outside Tetra Tech to break down barriers to effective water resource management. Effectively manage projects to provide high value to our clients while staying within budget, scope, and schedule constraints. This includes supervising, planning, designing, prioritizing and providing demonstrated project management expertise. Provide exceptional quality assurance and quality control on client deliverables.* Monitoring Leadership and Technical Support - apply a strong background in water quality, sediment, and biological monitoring to develop and implement cutting-edge monitoring programs. A deep understanding of environmental processes and application of various monitoring techniques is critical to the success of this position. Develop technically sound reports, plans, and other materials.* Business Development Support - build on Tetra Tech's strong technical leadership and relationships to identify opportunities to support existing and new clients. Successfully outreach to key clients and stakeholders to understand compliance monitoring challenges, key data gaps, and regulatory needs. Support a team developing task order and contract proposals that result in project wins.Key Qualifications:* B.S. in Environmental Science, Water Resource Engineering, Aquatic Biology/Chemistry, or a related field. An advanced degree is preferred.* 5+ years of directly relevant work experience.* Successful project/task management track record. Attention to detail is a must.* Excellent written and oral communication skills, including a demonstrated ability to communicate complex scientific data and technical information in layman terms.* Extensive water quality/stormwater monitoring experience and familiarity with California's regulatory environment and water quality challenges.* Experience conducting contaminated sediment studies and working with multiple agencies.* Familiarity with TMDLs and key water quality initiatives, stormwater planning, and collecting and analyzing water quality/sediment/biological monitoring data.* An in-depth understanding of pollutant sources and their impacts on water quality, human health effects and risk assessment, and development of water quality/sediment criteria.* Experience with Phase I MS4 Permits, especially for Southern California municipalities.* Strong skills and proficiency with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint. Also, data analysis/visualization experience is highly preferred.About Tetra Tech:Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science® to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits.For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com. To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at www.tetratech.com/careers.We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions.EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agenciesAdditional Information* Organization: 100 DIV
