Title: Sr Pharmacovigilance Scientist

Location: Chicago, IL 60614

Duration: 6 months contract; possibly longer for the right candidate

Compensation: $60.00 to $80.00 per hour; depending on experience

Description:
Senior PV Scientist serves as a product lead for Pharmacovigilance activities within Safety.
The Senior PV Scientist is responsible for overseeing and leading the process for safety signal management activities, aggregate reports (PSURs, DSURs, Line Listings, RMPs), responding to safety questions from internal and external stakeholders, reviewing medical and scientific literature for safety information, and supporting Clinical Trial PV medical activities.
The Senior PV Scientist also serves as a Subject Matter Expert for Safety and cross-functional teams on relevant global safety regulations and guidelines; data output and analyses; and product specific information.
In this capacity, the Sr. PV Scientist is critical to ensure products in clinical trials continue to maintain good standing with countries where studies are ongoing to ensure clinical studies are completed, and for marketed products, ensures the marketing authorization remains in good standing.
Why Kelly®?


As a worker today, its up to you to take charge of your career and look for opportunities to learn, grow, and achieve your potential. Helping you find whats next is what were all about. We know whats going on in the evolving world of workjust ask the nearly 500,000 people we employ each year. Connecting with us means getting the support, guidance, and opportunities needed to take your career where you may have never imagined.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
#KellyGTS

]]
