Kite is continuing to hire for all open roles. Our interview process may be conducted virtually and some roles will be asked to temporarily work from home. Over the coming weeks and months, we will be implementing a phased approach to bringing employees back to site to ensure the health and safety of our teams.

For Current Kite Pharma Employees and Contractors:


Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job

Job Description


The Senior Research Scientist I will be responsible to establish data analytics capabilities to manage, process, and analyze large amount of analytical data. They will work with a cross-functional team to enable process and product understanding to identify opportunities for continuous improvement. Their work will enhance control system and characterization strategies to inform specifications for both autologous and allogeneic programs. In this role, the ideal candidate will create or select algorithms to process, analyze, visualize, interpret as well as report large amounts of analytical data. They will also collaborate cross-functionally to apply statistical tools, machine learning, and other data-mining techniques to build models to identify predictive biomarkers of manufacturability, i.e. viability, cell expansion, and achieving dose.

We are seeking a talented and highly motivated bioinformatics scientist to lead development of our data analytics strategy. The ideal candidate must have strong experience with a variety of big data analytic tools and a skilled in predictive analytics to create models, algorithms, and simulations that help drive business results. They will identify and implement data analytic and modeling tools to enable mining of large analytical datasets to provide collaborators with new insights gained from analyzing method monitoring as well as in-process and product characterization data. Their work will focus heavily on aspects of immune cell and cancer biology as well as the ‘omics’ sciences like genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics and metabolomics where they will translate findings from complex data analyses into insights on the heterogeneity and mechanism of action of our cell therapy products. They must have a passion for identifying gaps and trouble-shooting to help identify opportunities to improve process and method robustness based on data-driven science. Key accountabilities include leading efforts to create data analytic tools that enable analysis of data generated from product release and characterization methods. They will also be responsible for establishing and documenting the workflow for data analytics from analysis through visualization. The scope of this role will evolve and expand over time to include mentoring junior team members and working with key stakeholders to build user specific data analytic tools.

Responsibilities and Duties
Building capabilities to analyze large data sets in an effort to enhance in-process attribute and product understanding
Support development of data analytics strategies to enhance control systems and inform specifications
Developing data analysis, visualization, and predictive analytics tools for data generated from flow cytometry, molecular biology, and protein expression platforms
Perform assessment of new data analytics technologies and business intelligence tools to drive continuous improvements
Provide technical guidance and expertise to mentor junior staff on data analytics workflow
Leading cross-functional efforts to compile specialized reports and data visualizations using standard business reporting and scientific data analysis applications
Author, review, and edit technical documents, i.e. SOPs and/or reports, describing data analytics workflow
Qualifications
Ph.D. in Biology, Immunology, Molecular Biology, Bioinformatics or related discipline with 2+ years of industry experience and/or advanced degree (M.S.) in Data Science with 8+ years of industry experience
Advanced knowledge of cell biology, cancer biology, and/or immunology preferred
Experience performing bioinformatics and data analytics in scientific or technical environments to drive business solutions, i.e. increase manufacturing success
Experience working with high dimensional data (i.e. single cells sequence assays and genomic, transcriptomics, or proteomics assays, etc.)
Proficiency in the use of Microsoft Office and data analysis software (i.e. Prism, JMP, etc.)
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques/concepts and proficiency in statistical computer languages (i.e. R, Python, SQL) to analyze data and draw insights from large data sets
Experience with the use of data visualization tools (i.e. Spotfire, Tableau)
Knowledge of machine learning and decision analytics (i.e. clustering, decision tree learning)
Strong scientific writing and presentation skills
Ability to think critically and demonstrate troubleshooting and problem-solving skills
Highly collaborative with excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
Self-motivated, detail-oriented, and willing to accept temporary responsibilities outside of initial job description
Comfortable in a fast-paced small company environment with minimal direction
Do you want to make a real difference in the world? Come help us in our quest to cure cancer! Everyone at Kite is grounded by this common goal. Every single day, we seek to establish a direct line between that purpose and our day-to-day work. Join us in our mission!

#IND123

Kite is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the development of innovative cancer immunotherapies with a goal of providing rapid, long-term durable response and eliminating the burden of chronic care. The company is focused on chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and T cell receptor (TCR) engineered cell therapies designed to empower the immune system's ability to recognize and kill tumors. Kite is based in Santa Monica, CA. For more information on Kite, please visit www.kitepharma.com. Sign up to follow @KitePharma on Twitter at www.twitter.com/kitepharma.

For jobs in the United States:


As an equal opportunity employer, Gilead Sciences Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact careers@gilead.com for assistance.

For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster.

NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT

PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION

Our environment respects individual differences and recognizes each employee as an integral member of our company. Our workforce reflects these values and celebrates the individuals who make up our growing team.

Gilead provides a work environment free of harassment and prohibited conduct. We promote and support individual differences and diversity of thoughts and opinion.

For Current Kite Pharma Employees and Contractors:
