Job Description
Surround yourself with friendly, motivating, energizing technologists every day and work together to create Tableau visualizations from scratch in this fun Business Intelligence Analyst role at an emerging startup you'll love being a part of!

If you're sharp, communicative, and able to learn quickly you're a shoe-in for success in this position! Use your Tableau experience to build out Tableau solutions both independently and collaboratively for a wide variety of projects. You'll get to contribute to a lot of cool things while getting up to speed on other tech like Salesforce and Alteryx on the job. Let your ambition drive you as you set up, maintain, and update a Tableau Server and tackle other challenging and rewarding Tableau projects. If you work hard you'll be well rewarded with awesome perks like performance bonuses!

The easiest part of this job: Work in a dynamic, fast-paced startup where there's never a dull moment without sacrificing access to important benefits like PTO, insurance, and even a generous 4% match on your 401k.

The hardest part of this job: If you don't learn quickly and communicate effectively this role might be too challenging for you.

Create Tableau visualizations from scratch, work with really smart, energetic, and friendly technologists, and earn performance bonuses in this Business Intelligence Analyst position.

What's in it for you?
Competitive Salary
Medical
Dental
Optical
401k with 4% Match
Performance Bonus
15 Days PTO
13 Paid Holidays
What you'll be doing:
Collaborate with a team of Data Analysts to create Tableau visualizations from scratch
Get up to speed on Salesforce and other cool tools like Alteryx on the job
Build out Tableau solutions independently for a variety of projects
Translate business needs into technical specs and use these specs as a guide
Set up, maintain, and update Tableau Server
Communicate effectively in a collaborative team environment
What you need:
Tableau
- - - -- - - - - - - - - -
About Camden Kelly

Camden Kelly specializes in connecting qualified IT professionals with awesome opportunities at great companies in the Southern California area. Whether you're a jobseeker looking for new opportunities or an employer looking to hire the best IT talent in the area, Camden Kelly is your go-to IT recruiting firm. Why work with us? It's simple; our staff is full of career oriented people just like you, and they will treat you how they expect to be treated.

At Camden Kelly, our values make us different than the competition. We are the proud recipients of the Best and Brightest award for 2016 and 2017. We believe in being honest, accountable, ethical, and reliable. We strive everyday to be better than we were yesterday, and to be better tomorrow than today. We're not competing against other firms; we're competing against ourselves.

Visit http://camdenkelly.com/jobs to explore opportunities in your area, and while you're at it follow us on Twitter (https://twitter.com/camdenkellycorp) and Linkedin (http://www.linkedin.com/company/3279780), like us on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/camdenkellycorp) and join our circle on Google+ (https://plus.google.com/u/0/106722962279155885960) to stay up-to-date with current jobs, industry news and job hunting resources. Also feel free to contact us directly at irvine@camdenkelly.com or 949-333-0057.
