Job Description
Provivi Overview:

Provivi™ is a California-based, globally operating AgTech company using pheromones to protect crops from major damaging insects. Our patented production method enables a step change in the cost of manufacturing pheromones, allowing us to pioneer the use of this proven tool in high-acreage crops such as corn, rice and soy.

Founded in 2013 by Nobel laureate Frances Arnold and Caltech scholars Pedro Coelho and Peter Meinhold, we are hiring the very best and brightest people to develop and commercialize our products.
Role Description:

You will develop scalable processes to transform biologically- and synthetically-derived chemicals into finished active ingredients. You will collaborate closely with analytical chemistry to develop methods that ensure all process streams are accurately monitored. Furthermore, you will contribute to tech transfer packages to implement the developed methods and processes at CROs and CMOs.

Specific Responsibilities Include:
Design robust process chemistry methods for both scale-up and scale-down operations for production of active ingredients which meet targeted specifications.
Develop suitable work-up and purification procedures.
Remain current with organic chemistry, process bio/chemistry, analytical chemistry literature and technology and champion the implementation of new technology.
Prepare internal research reports, invention disclosures, and technical presentations.
Develop downstream processes for target compound isolation from biological material.
Review data for technical content and regulatory compliance and manage process documentation.
Write Standard Operating Procedures and reports for internal and external use.
Build COM (Cost of Manufacture) models for biological and chemical processes.
Qualifications & Skills Include:

Education/Experience:
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor’s degree (or equivalent) in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Material Sciences, or a related field of study.
Candidate should have at least 5 years of industry experience.
Background in biological systems. Experience with whole-cell catalysis.
Desire hands-on experience with liquid-liquid and solid-liquid separations.
Skills:
Hands-on organic and process chemistry experience.
Analytical chemistry for measurement of intermediates using conventional chromatography techniques, and analytical instruments including GC, HPLC, MS, IR, and NMR.
Skillset in chemical separation techniques (e.g. distillation, filtration)
Proficient in chromatographic data acquisition, and familiarity in processing software packages such as Agilent ChemStation.
Understanding of material and/or elemental balance analyses.
Excellent written, reporting, and verbal communication skills.
Ability to prioritize responsibilities and multi-task.
Experience in a start-up environment with tight deadlines is desirable.
Capable of working independently, and as a team.
Able to lift 15 – 40 pounds.
Ability to travel internationally.
Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment

Provivi is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veterans status, or any other legally-protected factors.

Powered by JazzHR

p7Gt8U0qvv
