Job ID
R10010154

Location

Los Angeles, California, United States

Business
true[x]

Date posted
Dec. 30, 2019
JOB DESCRIPTION


Operation Analytics Manager - true[X]

true[X] is the leading engagement advertising platform. We deliver effective advertising for on-demand, interactive media to reach consumers across devices (i.e. desktop, mobile, and CTV) through our premium video, productivity and gaming publishers. Originally founded in 2007, true[X] is headquartered in Los Angeles and New York, with additional offices in Chicago, and Seattle.

The true[X] Advertising Operations team handles all technical aspects of campaign management, network optimization, and revenue analysis. We are looking for an Operation Analytics Manager for our West Los Angeles office. This position offers full immersion into our ad technology platform with room for growth and personal advancement. Reporting to the Vice President of Advertising Operations, the Ops Manager will also work closely with engineering, sales, strategy, business development, and QA.

true[X] is a fast paced, all hands on deck company where everyone’s contributions make an impact. The ideal candidate has a strategic, analytical, and creative mind. We are looking for candidates who want to learn, challenge themselves and contribute to our growing business. If you are up for the challenge of revolutionizing the advertising industry, then we want you!

Responsibilities
Work alongside internal teams (engineering, sales, business development, QA) and external teams (network partners) to implement and oversee business and revenue operations
Develop solutions to streamline and scale processes utilizing programming tools to increase efficiencies between AdOps and other departments
Quickly familiarize oneself with our databases to analyze and provide actionable insights for business team
Provide sales and strategy teams with risk analyses to determine campaign viability pre/post sale
Assist our engineering department in identifying, reporting and resolving technical issue
Set up, launch, and optimize campaigns in our proprietary platform true[Exchange]
Monitor campaigns throughout their lifecycle, while communicating with account managers, business development and QA to ensure full and ideal campaign delivery
Keep up with internal and external, current and upcoming technology product capabilities
Requirements
Bachelor degree in a relevant technical field (mathematics, economics, sciences or engineering)
Experience and willingness to learn Excel, SQL, R, Python, Tableau and other quantitative tools
Tend to think linearly with strong analytical, problem-solving capabilities
Have outstanding writing and communication skills; ability to present your ideas to a wider audience through e-mail and PowerPoint
Proactive and motivated to learn from colleagues
Organized and can prioritize multiple projects to meet deadlines
Superb troubleshooting skills and attention to detail
A team player with an ability to collaborate across departments, skilled at building and maintaining interpersonal relationships
~2 years of relevant work experience
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.

About true[x]:


About The Walt Disney Company:


The Walt Disney Company, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading diversified international family entertainment and media enterprise with the following business segments: media networks, parks and resorts, studio entertainment, consumer products and interactive media. From humble beginnings as a cartoon studio in the 1920s to its preeminent name in the entertainment industry today, Disney proudly continues its legacy of creating world-class stories and experiences for every member of the family. Disney’s stories, characters and experiences reach consumers and guests from every corner of the globe. With operations in more than 40 countries, our employees and cast members work together to create entertainment experiences that are both universally and locally cherished.

This position is with trueX, Inc., which is part of a business segment we call true[x].

trueX, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Disney fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best stories and be relevant in a rapidly changing world.

We will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with applicable law.
