Job Description
Primary Skills: Data Analysis, Python, Customer Data
Duration: Full time

Job Summary:
Provides expertise in the design and functionality of business applications.
Understands customers' business processes and products and how best they can be supported by the application systems.
Reviews and validates the detailed technical design for business applications provided by the supplier to ensure alignment with business requirements.
Performs quality review checks on project deliverables.
Performs impact analysis of application changes across various components, holding an end-to-end view of the system.
Estimates Rough Order of Magnitude for the level of effort/cost of new application functionality.
Specifies / recommends integration and parallel testing criteria.
Supports the implementation activities, troubleshooting system environmental issues, as required.
Essential Job Functions:
Analyze and interpret Customer insights from multiple data sources using statistical techniques.
Support the deployment and business activation of new Customer data assets to drive operational efficiencies, improve customer experience, and drive growth.
Combine data from structured & unstructured sources to Client and interpret new trends/patterns.
Compare and contrast data across trusted sources to surface potential data quality issues.
Liaise, collaborate, and support cross-functional stakeholders with their customer data needs.
Propose data-driven solutions and strategies to business challenges.
Present information using data visualization techniques.
Support experimentation and deployment of predictive models that leverage customer data. Identify process improvement and efficiency opportunities.
Requirements:
High school diploma or equivalent required. Bachelor's degree preferred or equivalent, relevant experience.
Recent 3-4 years of hands-on experience in a Data Analyst / Data Scientist role.
Recent 3-4 years of hands-on experience performing advanced data analysis using Python.
Technical expertise with data models, database design, data access, data mining, and data segmentation techniques.
Advanced level knowledge and experience using Python in a Hadoop (HBase, Hive) environment.
Advanced level experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets & interpreting results.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to combine, organize, and analyze large amounts of data and to tease-out and disseminate key information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Experience with P&C insurance and/or customer data.
Experience with data mining and/or machine learning (Client).
Experience with SQL, Tableau, Alteryx.
Experience developing Big Data capability job-aids for technical / non-technical end user.
To follow up with any questions, please contact Shabana at 408-907-2246

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
