Job Description
Job description:

We are looking for Clinical Testing personnel who want to make a
difference in their careers and work on new and innovative clinical
testing products.
Purpose of the Position:
Testing biological specimens in molecular biology laboratory
environment, including high throughput workflows, analyzing the
results, and preparing them for reporting.
Essential Functions:
· Execute assigned genomic assay testing activities following our
standard operating procedures.
· Analyze data, document and evaluate results, troubleshoot.
· Work closely and coordinate activities with team members in a
collaborative environment.
· Perform routine laboratory support tasks, such as lab organization,
clean-up, equipment maintenance, etc.
· Perform other duties as assigned or as needed.
· Adjust work schedule to meet time-sensitive project milestones.
Education and Experience:
· B.S. or M.S. in chemical, biological or clinical laboratory science, or
medical technology from an accredited institution.
· Associate degree in a laboratory science, or medical laboratory
technology from an accredited institution will be considered.
· 1-3 years of related hands-on laboratory experience with molecular
biology and genomic analysis techniques and methods in a core
laboratory, university, or industry settings is preferred. This includes but
not limited to DNA and RNA isolation and quantification, PCR, RT-
PCR, analysis by gel or capillary electrophoresis, etc.

· Experience in using laboratory automation and associated
programming is a plus.
· Experience in developing new molecular diagnostic products and
working in a commercial IVD setting is a plus.
· Prior experience working in a QSR-compliant environment is plus.
Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be
able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements
listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability
required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable
individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
· Dependability, following instructions, responding to management
direction, completing tasks on time or notifying appropriate person with
an alternate plan.
· Ability to deal with frequent changes, delays, or unexpected events,
maintaining composure while working under pressure.
· Ability to work in high throughput environment.
· Excellent organizational skills, including the ability to efficiently
evaluate, prioritize, and handle multiple and changing projects and
priorities.
· Ability to work with a limited supervision as well as in a collaborative
team setting.
· Strong interpersonal skills that foster a positive environment.
· Excellent verbal and written communication skills in the English
language.
· Solid computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office
applications.
· High-standard GLP conduct in the lab. Working in a biohazard
environment, practicing good safety habits.
Physical Demands:
The physical demands described here are representative of those that
must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential
functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to
enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Work entails regularly performing tasks while working at a computer,
desk, laboratory bench or automated machine. Work in laboratory or
operational areas containing biohazardous materials. Work may
involve occasional climbing or balance. Work entails occasional lifting
and/or moving up to 25 pounds.
The employee’s sensory modalities (vision, hearing, smell) and
physical capabilities (ambulation without mechanical assistance,
strength, coordination, dexterity, range of motion) must be sufficient to

independently perform duties/functions of the position.
Working Conditions:
The work environment characteristics described here are
representative of those an employee encounters while performing the
essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be
made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential
functions.
This position will involve a combination of office and biotechnology
laboratory environments. While performing the duties of this job, the
employee may be exposed to hazardous chemicals, blood-borne
pathogens, automated equipment, and high levels of noise and
vibration. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Job Type: Full-time
Salary: $45,000.00 to $75,000.00 /year
Experience:
 hospital: 1 year (Preferred)
 clinical lab: 1 year (Preferred)

Powered by JazzHR

PlFlNBeNqh
