We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it.  The US Department of Justice, 198 of top 200 US law firms, and more than 70 Fortune 100 companies are among the customers who trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. We don’t believe in ‘ideal’ candidates, so if you see a job that sparks your interest, go for it. Wherever you’re from, however you identify, and whatever experience you have, you can belong at Relativity.

The Tableau Data Engineer is on Relativity's front lines of reporting solution delivery and is excited about tackling complex business problems by bringing together different data sets and illuminating actionable insights in partnership with our internal customers. (#LI-MA1)

You are the right fit for this role if.....
A Strong Vision for How to Build Efficient, Enduring, and Scalable Reporting Solutions
You are known as a technical thought leader in data solution design, advising on best practice from metrics collection to successful reporting. You rely on a deep understanding of diverse data structures as well as business operations to deliver thoughtfully designed reporting solutions that are transparent, easy to use, and drive data-based decision making. You aren't satisfied by delivering just what the customer asks for, you strive to deliver what our business needs long term. You should have a healthy respect for the details and a sincere passion for fixing problems at their root.

Data Driven Culture Ambassador
You live and breathe our "Data Core Values" and model them for fellow Relativians. You make data-based decisions and challenge others to do so. You seize every interaction as an opportunity to inject data education and best practices. You are a key contributor to our education efforts, creating content and hosting training sessions. You enable others by increasing the Tableau skillset and data fluency of Relativity as a whole.

Relentlessly Curious
On the Business Analytics team, we believe that asking questions leads to knowledge sharing, innovation, and raises the bar on the quality of the solutions we deliver. You are unafraid to ask as many questions as it takes to have a complete understanding of the challenge at hand. Is this data accurate? Are these requirements complete? Are the right stakeholders connected? Is this the best choice for our customers and the business? Question everything!
Role Responsibilities
Role-models excellent customer support when assessing requests and connecting internal customers to relevant data
Independently designs and builds complex Tableau dashboards spanning a variety of departmental data sets
Performs data quality-control and debugs Tableau workbooks
Builds and modifies straightforward Tableau data-sources
Key contributor to Business Analytics Tableau end-user, desktop, and data-best practice education efforts
Preferred Qualifications
Displays extreme passion for data and problem solving - is driven to ask the right questions and surface up business insights
Experience with SaaS or subscription-based software company
Intermediate knowledge of a CRM tool, preferably Salesforce.com
Experience with Snowflake
Ability to analyze and document complex business processes
Excellent communicator, both written and verbal
Excels at cross-team collaboration and knowledge sharing
Experience in a customer (internal or external) facing role
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in Business, math/statistics/data science, or similar discipline and at least 3 years equivalent work experience
Works efficiently under pressure and meets deadlines while balancing multiple projects and multiple stakeholders
Hands on experience with SQL
Intermediate experience using a data visualization tool such as Tableau, Looker, PowerBI, other
Please note: we are not able to offer visa sponsorship for this position
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
