Job Overview:


Covance is looking for a Clinical Laboratory Scientist with FISH experience (flexible start time -2nd shift) Monday - Friday

Play a pivotal role in the drug development process and grow your career

Are you interested in making a real scientific impact through your everyday work? Would you enjoy working in a team-focused environment as you explore unique career opportunities?

If you are looking for a company where you can gain exposure to a wide variety of science and explore a multitude of career paths across the drug development spectrum, consider working at Covance as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist with FISH experience. In this role, you will perform laboratory tests, procedures, experiments, and analysis to provide data, as specified, for required in clinical research protocols. You will also be expected to:
Resolve technical specimen issues in preparation for analysis and specimen storage and routine and non-routine assay problems
Ensure the validity of test results through the performance of established quality assurance and quality control procedures
Perform experiments, as scheduled, for evaluation of new Calibrator and QC lots
Receive, open and place in service all reagents and materials according to SOPs
Perform testing, needed to ensure validity of material, prior to being placed into service


This position is located out of our Los Angeles, CA facility. Relocation assistance is available. Work hours are flexible, Monday through Friday. Must have a California CLS License. FISH experience is strongly preferred.

Education/Qualifications:


What were looking for...

Clinical Laboratory Scientist are the most successful at Covance with:
A Bachelors degree in Medical Technology, Clinical Lab Science, Chemical, Physical, or Biological Sciences; or a combination of education, training, and experience
A minimum of 1 year of related lab experience or a combination of education, training, and experience will be considered
ASCP certification highly preferred
Proven ability to plan, prioritize, and manage a workload for large and complex projects
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with excellent attention to detail
A California CLS license is required for this role

Experience:


A California CLS License is required for this role. FISH experience strongly preferred!
Bachelors degree in Medical Technology or Clinical Laboratory Science or other life science with completion of at least a 12-month training program in Medical Technology OR
Bachelors degree in a chemical, physical or biological science from an accredited college or university and one year of training and/or experience in the specialty in which testing is to be performed. Such training must be equivalent to that received in a school of Medical Technology
90 semester hours from an accredited institution that include the following: 1) 16 semester hours of biology courses, which are pertinent to the medical sciences 2) 16 semester hours of chemistry (at least 6 semester hours of Inorganic Chemistry) 3) 3 semester hours of math. Completed an accredited clinical laboratory training program, or one year documented laboratory training or experience in the specialty that testing is to be performed.
Thrive personally and professionally at Covance

Benefit from our experience generating more clinical trial data than any other central laboratory in the world. Youll gain exposure to our cutting-edge automated testing systems and advanced technologies while conducting tests that help advance life-changing medicines.

We offer a comprehensive benefits package. This includes 21 days of personal time off, 7 paid holidays, medical and dental insurance as well as tuition reimbursement, a 401(k) plan with a generous company match, along with short and long-term disability and life insurance.

Why Medical Technologists choose to work at Covance
Make a direct impact in the lives of patients
Access to a variety of studies and top notch laboratory instrumentation
Exposure to a fast-paced global testing environment
Partner with and learn from supportive colleagues and industry leaders
Open up new opportunities for career growth
Get to know Covance

Covance, the drug development business of LabCorp, is the worlds most comprehensive drug development services company. Because of our broad experience, from early research to commercialization, our more than 20,000 employees from across the globe are in a unique position to supply insights that go above and beyond testing. Our teams impact on healthcare is remarkable. Through their everyday work theyve supported 100% of the top 50 drugs on the market and all the oncology drugs approved in 2016. And, because we span the drug development spectrum, youll directly impact a wide-range of initiatives as you explore unique career paths and discover your extraordinary potential.

Ready to join us? Lets get started.
