Job title: Quantitative Researcher, Market Simulator
Job type: Permanent
Emp type: Full-time
Salary:
Negotiable
Location: Chicago, United States
Job published: 2019-12-10
Job ID: 41906

Job Description


Our client is searching for an experienced Quantitative Researcher to join their team in Chicago. You will be part of a centralized team that is responsible for the Market Simulator research tool sets and data sets that are utilized by the company trading community. You will be actively involved in research projects associated with latency and available liquidity prediction as well as algorithmic improvement based on requirements provided by internal trading teams. You will need to be successful at determining efficient methods to store and analyze very large amounts of data and develop tools to evaluate the large volume of market data to help improve trading strategies performance.

Responsibilities:
Partner directly with the internal trading teams to build and enhance market prediction models utilizing quantitative problem solving and advanced statistical techniques.
Investigating and designing data mining and machine learning algorithms
Conduct research for the purpose of modeling and forecasting future price actions and volatility.
Responsible for developing and improving scalable quantitative research frameworks using Python, C++, and other software systems.
Research new methods for capturing risk exposure, evaluating risk/reward and performance attribution across multiple asset classes.
Build and expand the current revenue base by developing and exploring new opportunities.


Requirements:
At least 5+ years of experience in Machine Learning and/or Statistics
Strong Python experience
Experience with C++ or another lower level language a plus
Excellent problem solving abilities
If you would like to be considered for the position of Quantitative Researcher or wish to discuss the role further then please leave your details below. Your resume will be held in confidence until you connect with a member of our team

Email: info@njf.com or call London (0207 604 4444,) New York (212 400 4845) or Chicago (312 204 72176) to speak to a member of our team. Thank you
