Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
More About the Role:
Grubhub is looking for a bright, curious and energetic Data Scientist to join the data nerds on the Finance Research Team at GrubHub. The Finance Research team is the analytical engine of the company - we surface insights that drive strategy and optimal decision making for the Executive team and leaders across the organization. In this role, you will be responsible for understanding the ‘who, what, and whys’ of our business - working cross-functionally to dig into trends and surface value-creating opportunities.

Consult with business stakeholders on appropriate experimental design to answer important questions and ensure new features/initiatives are being tested rigorously
Partner with product and technology teams to make sure that we are capturing relevant data; collaborate with data engineering teams to get appropriate datasets built in a format that streamlines analysis and enables automation and reporting
Help us enhance our experimentation platform by constantly evaluating if we are measuring appropriate business metrics, implementing statistical best practices, and validating our approach is driving good business outcomes
Evaluate financial impact of experiments and other business changes/initiatives
Build statistical/machine learning models to understand customer behavior and long term value
Be curious! Surface insights and trends that improve our customer experience, help us grow faster and generate more profit

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a track record of leveraging data to influence business decisions
Ability to communicate complex analyses to both technical and non-technical stakeholders, including senior leadership
Solid grasp of basic statistical concepts (regression models, statistical significance, confidence intervals, etc); advanced training in statistics and machine learning preferred
High level of proficiency using SQL (required)
Ability to perform data analysis in Python or R (required)
Understanding of data visualization best practices; Tableau experience a plus
Experience working in an e-commerce or other direct to consumer business preferred
Experience with customer LTV modeling, pricing analytics, loyalty/subscription analysis, app/website A/B testing, and/or logistics network analytics preferred

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.
