WHO WE LOOK FOR

An SEI Consultant is a master communicator and active listener who understands how to navigate an audience. Self-aware, almost to a fault, SEI consultants keenly understand how to adjust their approach based on the situation. Following a logical, fact-based approach, our consultants possess the superior ability to see correlations others may not, ask the right questions and drive solutions.

As super-connectors, our consultants connect not only people, but data, trends and experiences. Mature, humble, and genuine, SEI Consultants frequently go above and beyond for both their clients and their colleagues. SEI Consultants are ethical and trustworthy individuals who do what they say. SEI Consultants have an insatiable curiosity and love to learn. These individuals are commonly tech savvy and early adopters. Their passion for learning is infectious and excites others.

As every project is different, an SEI Consultant must be adaptable and comfortable with unexpected situations. An SEI Consultant must be at ease with ambiguity because although a client knows that a problem exists – they need SEI to figure it out and drive a solution. SEI Consultants define ambition differently. SEI Consultants are authentic, low-maintenance individuals who like to hang out with colleagues outside of work. Whether it be cooking, traveling, hiking, or volunteering, SEI Consultants enjoy working with genuine, thoughtful folks who want to steer clear of the traditional grind and share the joy of day-to-day life and activities with colleagues, friends and family.

WHAT WE DO

Our consultants work with clients at all levels of the organization, from the C-suite to the shop floor, helping them to deliver on their most strategic initiatives. We’re known for making realistic, data-driven decisions that deliver value in tangible ways to our clients. Our clients ask for us on projects that require a superior combination of technical and business capabilities, people and management skills, and a collaborative mindset. We excel in understanding complex programs and strategic initiatives and breaking them into actionable pieces.

We are actively looking for professionals in the following areas:
Data Strategy and Governance
Database Architecture and Development
Data Analysis
Reporting and Data Visualization
The ideal candidate will:
Have experience understanding and solving real business problems
Solid writing and speaking skills to support data storytelling
Ideal candidates may call themselves Data Engineers, Data Scientists and Analysts and Data Governance professionals. Experience may include but is not limited to the following:
Experience with statistical and mathematical modeling, artificial intelligence and machine learning software and methods
Specialization in architecting enterprise solutions with visualizations and data-discovery tools such as Tableau, QlikView, Spotfire, Amazon Web Services, Cloud, Salesforce
Technical capabilities that include designing scalable data architectures, solution performance tuning, and hardware sizing
Experience and knowledge of programming and scripting languages, such as , Python, Java, C#, PL/SQL, R and SAS
Experience and knowledge of relational and dimensional database structures, theories, principles, and practice used in data warehousing and analytics solutions
Experience managing, populating, and querying database technologies including RDBMS, NOSQL, and big data platforms and experience working with these technologies' ecosystems
QUALIFICATIONS

Required
Demonstrated business and technology acumen
Proven track record of delivering results
Experience working with and/or leading a team
Ability to work independently
Ability to work across industries, roles, functions & technologies
Positive can-do attitude
A curiosity for new technology
Authorization for permanent employment in the United States (this position is not eligible for immigration sponsorship)
Preferred
Bachelor’s degree (Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field preferred)
8+ years professional experience
Consulting experience
Experience across our service offerings
