Are you looking for a unique, truly innovative role? What if it could be with one of the most impactful IT companies in the world? Then we have the right opportunitywe are looking for a Data Scientist to join us! In this amazing role, you will be responsible for working in machine learning space on the core tooling for customers need to successfully use the company products and other open source Cloud Native tools such as Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Kubeflow and Argo. You have a broad understanding of the wide range of machine learning tools for example Tensorflow, Kubeflow, AWS Sagemaker, ML Flw, Spark, etc. You will be working with a set of architects working on various aspects of the hybrid cloud which includes public as well as private cloud services. You will be providing strong support across all data science uses cases to our customers and development teams around implementation of services and best practices for hybrid cloud deployments. You'll work with the teams spanning all of HPE to design and deliver our Hybrid Cloud solutions. Were not learning a new way of doing things were defining the best way to do them.

How youll make your mark:
You will evaluate and influence the products we are delivering to enterprise customers in the field of machine learning
You will play a key role in the development of enterprise products working alongside our key customers.
You will partner and collaborate with customers and internal data science teams in building capabilities for GreenLake Hybrid Cloud.
You will leverage Machine Learning algorithms to solve real-life problems.
You will analyze various data sets and solve problems from ideation to production, experimenting, training, tuning, and deploying production quality machine learning models.
You will lead key, cross-functional analytical projects, identifying and bringing together stakeholders to translate business challenges into Data Science problems.
About you:
You have 10+ years of experience in the field of data science
You have a Masters, PhD or equivalent experience in quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Physics, Artificial Intelligence, etc.)
You have expertise in at least one programming language for data analysis (e.g. Python, R).
You are familiar with relevant ML packages for example Tensorflow, Kubeflow, Scikit-learn, Keras, pyTouch, SageMaker, MLFlow.
You have deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, deep learning, or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods.
You are skilled in designing and testing experimentYou have experience driving the end to end lifecycle from model creation to deployment.
You are a strong written and verbal communicator with good analytical and problem solving skills.
You have proven success working on a fast paced and agile environment and have an understanding of Agile Methodologies.
You have worked with big data techniques (such as Hardoop, MapReduce, Hive, Pig, Spark).
What we can offer you:

Extensive benefits, a competitive salary and participation in the shared values and purpose that make Hewlett Packard Enterprise one of the world´s most attractive employers! At HPE, our goal is to provide equal opportunities, flexible work-life balance, and constantly evolving career growth.

If you are looking for challenges in an exciting, supportive and international work environment, then we definitely want to hear from you. Continue the conversation by clicking apply now below, or directly via our Careers Portal at www.hpe.com/careers.

Join us and make your mark!

Find out more about us and follow us on:

https://www.facebook.com/HPECareers

https://twitter.com/HPE_Careers

HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together.

1065050
