General Statement

Under general direction, conducts research, provides technical assistance on processing, regulatory monitoring and reporting, and supervises staff related to support of beneficial reuse of biosolids.

Essential Job Functions

Essential job functions are fundamental, core functions common to positions in a classification. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties for any one position in the class. Since class specifications are designed to be descriptive and not restrictive, incumbents may complete one or all of the job duties listed or tasks of similar kind not specifically listed here.
Assigns, supervises and reviews the work of subordinates.
Coordinates Environmental Research Technicians in the collection and analysis of samples and data relative to air, water, soil and plant life conditions at sites where biosolids are applied to land.
Compiles, collates and writes monitoring reports for use within the District, or for submission to regulatory agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency.
Designs and implements research projects.
Evaluates and interprets data generated from various sources and writes reports.
Provides research support for biosolids land application projects.
Reviews new biosolids management regulations to assess their potential impact on District.
Prepares section budget including anticipating the materials, equipment and services needed to execute projects and monitoring programs.

Other Job Functions

Performs other duties as assigned.

Environmental Conditions

May involve exposure to a variety of chemical and biological materials, some of which may be hazardous or toxic. May involve exposure to fumes and noxious odors.

Desirable Knowledge, Skills and Abilities

Considerable knowledge of the principles, practices and techniques of agronomy and soil science.
Considerable knowledge of soil, plant, water, and biosolids analytical procedures.
Knowledge of federal regulations on biosolids application to land.
Knowledge of the principles of land application of biosolids.
Knowledge of management and supervisory principles.
Ability to plan and supervise the work of professional and sub professional laboratory and field staff.
Ability to express oneself clearly and concisely, orally and in writing.

Minimum Qualification Requirements

A master’s degree in Soil Science or Agronomy from an accredited college or university and two years professional experience in soils science.

Substitution

Graduate studies beyond the master's level in Soil Sciences or Agronomy may be substituted for the experience requirements on a year-for-year basis.

Promotional Requirement

One year experience with the District as an Environmental Soil Scientist.
Civil service status as an Environmental Soil Scientist.
