Job Description
BCforward is seeking a highly motivated and experienced Data Scientistin Chicago (IL) 60604.

Duration: 06+ Months Contract to Hire

Pay Rate: Open/Negotiable on W2

This position will accommodate working form home during the pandemic, they eventually will be going into the office.

Overview:

Leverage your “science first” mentality, curiosity, deep technical expertise, and problem-solving skills to explore, discover, and predict patterns and insights within complex data sets. This includes enabling government to capitalize on the value proposition of advanced analytics, and the derivation of clear narratives that help our clients understand their data and how those insights address their research questions. An active DoD Secret clearance is required upon start date.

Responsibilities:
Use analytical and statistical tools to evaluate data and aid in decision making.
Manipulate / create social media analytics and data to strengthen marketing campaign effectiveness
Manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.
Transform data and analysis into informative visualizations and interactive dashboards using open-source and commercially available tools.
Work with clients to prioritize research and modeling initiatives
Derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to client research questions.
Support the development of a mature analytics function informed by industry best practices
Work in a fast-paced, solutions-oriented, and collaborative environment focused on client deliverables, analysis, and reporting.
Qualifications:
Degree (Master’s required) in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, computer science, economics, or other related business or technical discipline is required
Extensive experience in social media analytics and marketing campaign effectiveness.
Experience in Salesforce, Sprinklr, and Adobe Analytics - marketing analytics background
Experience working with tools, including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn)
Significant experience in the AI/ML lifecycle, from ideation and solution concept development, to rapid prototyping and validation in operational environments, and importantly, in the sustainment of AI/ML solutions for CI/CD.
Significant experience and knowledge of best practices in the practical application and execution of AI/ML in operational environments.
Ability to frame and scale data problems to analyze, visualize, and find data solutions, and translate customer qualitative requirements into quantitative and technical approaches
Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and interactive dashboards using platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js to communicate findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact
Working knowledge of databases and SQL; preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections
At least 5+ years of experience in the field
DoD Secret clearance required
Superior communication skills, both oral and written
Preferred experience in the following areas:
DoD experience is preferred, in particular with human capital data and workforce analytics.o Data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics
Knowledge of AI/ML SaaS platforms (e.g., DataRobot, H2O DriverlessAI)
Unstructured text and natural language processing
Computational tools such as R, Python, SAS, SQL, and MATLAB
Anaconda, IBM Blue, and Oracle Big Data to analyze large data sets and develop automated analytics in making sense of data affecting DoD operations
Developing machine learning, data mining, statistical network, natural language processing, text analytics, and graph-based algorithms to analyze massive data sets
Supervising algorithm implementation in on-premise and cloud-based computing environments
Developing software to generate reports and visualizations that summarize data sets and provide data-driven insights
Developing and implementing statistical, machine learning, and heuristic techniques to create descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics as well as to develop statistical tests to make data-driven recommendations and decisions
Thank you for your time and consideration. If you are not interested, but you know someone who may be more of a fit for this position, feel free to pass along my information.

About BCforward:

BCforward began as an IT business solution and staffing firm. Founded in 1998, BCforward has grown with our customers’ needs into a full-service personnel solution’s organization. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, BCforward also operates numerous delivery centers across North America and India. We are currently the largest consulting firm and largest MBE certified firm in Indiana. Our uninterrupted growth has allowed BCforward to deliver uniquely configured IT staffing and project solutions for overthe years of catering to our customers’ specific needs. BCforward currently maintains a team of over 5000 global resources. With our additional brand, Stafforward, together we have the capabilities to deliver services for a variety of industries in both public and private sectors which allows us to address your most challenging needs.

www.BCforward.com

www.facebook.com/bcforward

We must inform you that during the hiring process, we may ask for you to disclose and provide us with various categories of your personal information, including identifiers such as your name and address, professional information, commercial information, education information, and other related information. Please note that we will only use this information to facilitate and complete the recruiting process. This posting is not an offer of employment. All applicants must be authorized to work in the United States and willing to cooperate with a background check and drug screen, to the extent permitted by federal and local laws up to and including both criminal and financial reviews. The submission of intentionally false or fraudulent information in response to this job posting shall render the applicant ineligible for the position. BCforward is an equal opportunity employer. Any subsequent offer of employment shall be considered employment at will regardless of the anticipated assignment duration.
Company Description
About BCforward
BCforward began as an IT business solutions and staffing firm. Founded in 1998, BCforward has grown with our customers’ needs into a full-service personnel solutions organization. BCforward’s headquarters are in Indianapolis, Indiana and also operates delivery centers in 17 locations in North America as well as Hyderabad, India and Puerto Rico. We are currently the largest consulting firm and largest MBE certified firm headquartered in Indiana. With 14+ years of uninterrupted growth, the addition of two brands (Stafforward and PMforward) and a team of more than 1400 resources our teams deliver services for multiple industries from both public and private sectors. BCforward’s team of dedicated staffing professionals has placed thousands of talented people over the past decade, with retention rates that are consistently higher than the industry average.

www.bcforward.com
