Marcel Digital is an award winning digital marketing and web development agency established in 2003 and located in the River North area of Chicago.

We have cultivated a family of A Players and we work hard to maintain and grow our strong culture. We want our team to strive for their absolute greatest potential not only professionally, but personally.

We emphasize becoming great at your work and provide resources to support that growth. We send our staff to industry conferences (local & international), hold in office learning sessions, and encourage daily collaboration with our peers. Just like a family there are both disagreements and a great deal of love and respect for each other.

Position Summary
Audit existing Google Analytics and web analytics implementations and identify areas of improvement
Google Tag Manager container audits
Configuration of reporting views and their filters
Creation of goal funnels
Setting up initial implementation of GTM and GA for new clients
Setting up goals and/or enhanced ecommerce tracking
Creation of custom reports, ad-hoc analysis and dashboards
QA, test, troubleshoot web analytics and tags
Provide insights to improve Marcel's analytics implementation processes
Assist Account Managers in getting the "story" from the raw data
Assist with developing project proposals, SOWs, timelines, and budgets
Key Qualifications:
3-5 years of experience in Google Analytics
Expert level experience in Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager
Proven experience with GA and GTM implementations
Google Analytics certification
Proficient in Javascript
Experience with debugging javascript and using debugger tools such as Fiddler, Charles, Chrome Dev Tools, Google Tag Assistant, or similar tools
Basic understanding of online marketing including PPC, SEO, display, social, etc.
Experience integrating web analytics with marketing automation platforms (Act-On, Salesforce, Pardot, Hubspot) a plus
Experience integrating web analytics with A|B testing tools like Visual Website Optimizer or Optimizely a plus
Experience with predictive analytics a plus
Ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously
Attention to detail
Strong communication skills
Adobe Analytics
Enhanced Ecommerce experience
Data Visualization experience with certification is nice to have
Familiarity with Google Data Studio
Presentation skills for taking part in landing new business
Benefits

In exchange for your contributions, Marcel offers competitive salary, great benefits and a casual, laid back and fun work environment. But more than that, you get the autonomy to work independently and solve the problems that get in your way. You get a voice in the development process and an environment that encourages you to master the latest trends.

Are you curious, committed and adaptable with a passion for learning quickly and finding creative solutions?

If the answer is yes, and your skills and career aspirations are in-line with ours, we very much want to hear from you right now! We have a friendly and transparent hiring process!
