Passionate about precision medicine and advancing the healthcare industry?

Recent advancements in underlying technology have finally made it possible for AI to impact clinical care in a meaningful way. Tempus' proprietary platform connects an entire ecosystem of real-world evidence to deliver real-time, actionable insights to physicians, providing critical information about the right treatments for the right patients, at the right time.

We are seeking a highly motivated and capable bioinformatics scientist with extensive experience and interest in translational cancer research and genomics algorithm development. This position requires experience with scientific programming, relational data systems, algorithms development, and statistical modeling. Top candidates will also have experience deploying bioinformatics code within a clinical setting.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Design and conduct analysis to improve variant calling, classification and analysis systems.
Translate insight from model systems into predictors and classifiers of therapeutic response and prognosis in clinical cancer care.
Collaborate with scientists, and clinicians to design and perform analyses on cancer clinical sequencing data in order to improve quality of care.
Work in interdisciplinary groups of scientists, engineers, and product developers to translate research into clinically actionable insights for our clients.
Develop algorithms used to gain insight into cancer variation through analysis of next generation sequencing data
Produce high quality and detailed documentation for all projects.
Required Experience:
Must have completed a Ph.D. in Cancer Biology or Molecular Biology related to cancer.
Computational skills using R, Bioconductor, and/or Python.
Ideal candidates will possess:
Experience in cancer genetics, immunology, or molecular biology
Experience working with next-generation sequencing data
Self-driven and works well in interdisciplinary teams
Experience with communicating insights and presenting concepts to a diverse audience
Demonstrated programming ability
Background in predictive or prognostic algorithm development
Strong background in the development of statistical models
#LI-LH1
