We’re Strive, nice to meet you!


Founded in 2006, Strive is a privately-owned, national business and technology consulting firm that helps clients solve complex business challenges and strategic initiatives by leveraging expertise across three practice groups; Management Consulting, Technology Enablement, and Data & Analytics. Our flexible engagement model, consisting of Strategic Advisory, Project Delivery and Staffing Services, allows us to deliver tailored and customized solutions.

Why Strive?


With our local delivery model, our consultants and team live, volunteer and raise families in the same communities where they work. Our growth plans are immense, and we promote based on merit leading to vast professional development opportunities. We’ve assembled a diverse group of smart, driven and humble individuals leading to our award-winning culture recognized by Crain’s, Glassdoor and Best & Brightest awards among others. As an employee at Strive, you’ll grow your skills and experience through a variety of exciting project work (across industries and technologies) with some of the top companies in the world! Our employees are offered a full range of benefits, including… medical, dental, vision, short term disability, long term disability, life insurance, and matched 401k. We also have an uncapped, take what you need PTO policy.

Who we are looking for


We want builders, do-ers, and A-players who are excited to make an impact on a growing organization. We are looking for talented Consultants of all levels across several analytics focus areas including Data Visualization, Business Intelligence, Data Management Solutions, Solutions Architecture, ETL, Machine Learning or AI among others. Candidates should be passionate about utilizing a variety of tools as well as be excited to work with clients to discover, define and design/implement Analytics solutions!

Additional qualifications might include:
Work with clients and suppliers in areas of Visualization, Data Management and Business Intelligence project management
Gains an understanding of client’s current situation and environment by gathering needed information and using appropriate frameworks and models in the development of assessment material for decision-making purposes
Provides thought leadership in the formation and build of additional value-added consulting offerings and partnership opportunities to help drive Strive cloud services business
Assists in recruiting activities by identifying and interviewing candidates as well as informal mentoring and coaching of staff
Preferred Experience
5-10 years recent IT consulting experience as a technical specialist in customer-facing roles, or experience within a corporate IT department.
Experience designing, building and delivering Data Management Solutions
Experience with Visualization Tools including Power BI, Tableau, QlikView etc..
Data Architecture, Data warehouse design, Data Governance
Strong presentation, verbal and written communication skills with the ability to articulate complex ideas in easy to understand business terms to all levels of management including senior leaders and C-level executives.
Worked with organizations during the pre-sales process (consulting or product organizations)
Still not convinced?


At Strive we recognize that prospective job seekers are searching for something different. We could boast about our awesome perks but that’s not all that separates Strive from the rest of the pack. Our executive leadership team is dedicated to fostering a strong company culture that encourages our associates to STRIVE for more. With 9 individual company culture focused groups committed to professional growth, giving back to the community, learning opportunities, and team camaraderie, there is something for everyone here at Strive.

Don’t be shy!


Our Corporate Recruiting team is excited to talk about our open positions and the opportunities to join the Strive team. Even if you are still in the exploratory stage of your job search, we are always looking to network! Connect with our team today and let’s talk more.

Be You – Be Inspirational – Be Extraordinary – Be Strive
