Employee Type:

Full time

Location:

NE Omaha R&D Center

Job Type:

Research and Development

Job Posting Title:

Food Scientist

Job Description:

Under limited supervision, leads the design, planning, validation, and implementation of new products, line extensions, product improvement and technical service for TreeHouse Foods that meet product offering requirements within our Baked Goods Division.

Position Responsibilities:
Under limited supervision, works collaboratively in the execution of development from bench to production scale for new products, product improvements and cost savings projects.
Defines the formulation, nutritional and process parameters needed to develop a product which meets the project objective(s). Understands the impact of these parameters to overall project.
Defines raw material and corresponding process and finished product specifications and set-ups through corresponding systems.
Applies sound scientific methods in all stages of development. Including planning and executing trials, analyzing data and defining solutions to achieve project goals.
Identifies opportunities for competitive market advantage
Provide judgement and experience to assure that an appropriate level of technical knowledge and discipline are being applied and utilized in business decisions
Partner and communicate effectively with cross-functional groups: Marketing, Sales, QA, Procurement, Finance, Operations and Engineering
Ensure the transfer of technology to the operations team when commercializing products. Provide technical oversight of internal and external manufacturing start-ups and ongoing technical service
Contribute significantly and continually to attain results through the generation and application of advanced, specialized knowledge
Generate and support pipeline work to drive cost optimization through formulation and processing efficiencies
Participates in customer presentations and/or preparing product, content for customer meetings
Ensure all activities follow established safety standards, regulatory requirements (FDA, UDSA & Kosher) and Good Manufacturing Procedures (GMP)
Qualifications and Requirements:
Three years’ experience in Food Science Product Development OR No experience required if holding a PhD in Food Science/Engineering or Related Field
Dough and Baked Goods experience preferred
Understanding of ingredient interactions/functionality
Communicate effectively and openly while working in a cross-functional team.
Must be a self-starter, independent, energetic and resourceful
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Solid Project Management skills and experience
Aptitude for technical leadership and project management
Education: Bachelor’s Degree Required – Type: Food Science/Engineering or Related Field

Preferred Attributes, Qualifications & Working Conditions: Travel - Up to 35%

Disability Assistance
TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to disability-accommodations@treehousefoods.com. In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying.

EEO Considerations

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
