Senior Data Engineer Location NYC, NY OR Chicago, IL, Austin, TX, Boston, MA AND Greenwich Duration Long Term (6-12 Months Contract to hire) Direct Client Balyasny Asset Management (BAM) Candidates should expect to be flexible on starting remotely ndash once COVID passes they will have to be onsite in any of the location NYC, NY OR Chicago, IL, Austin, TX, Boston, MA AND Greenwich Role overview The Risk Technology team is looking for an exceptional Data Engineer Consultant to drive the implementation of a cloud based data warehouse for risk management and research. The consultant will bring a depth of expertise in massively scalable database systems to build high quality data architecture and processes. The consultant will need to be comfortable working in a fast paced environment and will be able to leverage their experience to build the best in class solutions. This person will need to be a very strong communicator, able to multi-task, and build lasting technology that requires minimal support. The consultant will be working with teams in New York and the role is open to a candidate working remotely in the same or close time zone. For the data engineer role, we are looking for 1. Snowflake experience in production environment. The candidate must have at least user level experience. That is, they can write queries, create tables, configure the database, and perform general tuning and administration. The ideal candidate will understand how the technology works and how MPP data architectures technologies work in general. 2. C programming experience (preferred) or Python programming experience (acceptable). Ideally they will be able to write C enterprise applications, but itrsquos acceptable if they can only write ETL scripts in Python. 3. Experience with a BI reporting tool, preferably Tableau. Experience defining data sources and building Tableau reports highly preferred. 4. Experience using Alteryx is a plus They must have 1 and 2. If they are very strong in 1 and 2, then we will consider them even if they do not have 3 and 4. The ideal candidate will have all of the above, but 1-3 are most important. Please share the resume to jeetjsagarsoft.com203-842-8815
