Aon is looking for a Senior Data Scientist

As part of an industry-leading team, you will help empower results for our clients by delivering innovative and effective solutions supporting Risk, in Boston, Chicago, New York, Seattle, Spokane or Virtual.

Your impact as a Senior Data Scientist

Aon Intellectual Property Solutions helps clients protect and maximize their most valuable asset in today’s business world—their intellectual property. Aon brings the best minds and strong analytical tools to provide a comprehensive approach to intellectual property strategy, valuation, and risk management across a client’s business.

As a Senior Data Scientist with Aon IP Solutions, you will join a dynamic team seeking to answer complex questions related to IP analysis, valuation and building predictive risk models.

Our larger team consists primarily of computer science, math and physics majors and PhDs. We value a genuine work-life balance and offer excellent compensation and stability. Our ideal candidate balances subject matter expertise, initiative, accuracy, self-motivation, organization, and articulate & precise communications. Intellectual curiosity, creativity, honesty, and professionalism are critical traits for success in this role.

Job Responsibilities:
Run a data science/modeling project from start to finish with help from domain experts and other coworkers.
Represent the leadership and management of IP Solutions in a way that mirrors the adopted mission, core values, and culture of IP Solutions.
Help all business units on an as-needed basis achieve and surpass sales, profitability, cash flow, and business goals and objectives.
Assist in providing timely, accurate and complete reports on the progress of IP market-making efforts.
Ensure delivery of timely, innovative, accurate, and best in class solutions.
Educate members of Aon’s network with thought leadership that shares best practices
You Bring Knowledge and Expertise

Required Experience:

Technical Skills:
2-5 years Experience with data mining tools such as Python, R, or Matlab
2-5 years Experience with data analysis and statistical packages (NumPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, PyMC etc.)
2-5 years Experience building mathematical/statistical models
Experience working with a variety of data sources such as SQL, AWS, Azure, BigQuery, etc.
Natural Language Processing experience a plus
Non-technical Skills:
Ability to understand and communicate complex ideas effectively to technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to cooperate effectively with people at all levels in the organization
Impeccable standards of honesty and accuracy; high degree of self-motivation
Represent attributes of stewardship, humility, integrity, trust, and gratitude
Instill a can-do and collaborative culture that connects across teams and Aon
Be a role model who develops others by providing timely feedback and coaching
Highly articulate and precise English speaking and writing skills
Education:
Undergrad with significant quantitative coursework
Degree(s) should be from top-100 national universities, engineering schools, and/or liberal arts colleges – or -
Work experience or internships with top-tier companies or governmental organizations
We offer you

A competitive total rewards package, continuing education & training, and tremendous potential with a growing worldwide organization.

Our Colleague Experience:

From helping clients gain access to capital after natural disasters, to creating access to health care and retirement for millions, Aon colleagues empower results for our clients, communities, and each other every day. They make a difference, work with the best, own their potential, and value one another. This is the Aon Colleague Experience, defining what it means to work at Aon and realizing our vision of empowering human and economic possibility. To learn more visit Aon Colleague Experience.

About Aon:

Aon plc (NYSE:AON) is a leading global professional services firm providing a broad range of risk, retirement and health solutions. Our 50,000 colleagues in 120 countries empower results for clients by using proprietary data and analytics to deliver insights that reduce volatility and improve performance.

By applying for a position with Aon, you understand that, should you be made an offer, it will be contingent on your undergoing and successfully completing a background check consistent with Aon's employment policies. Background checks may include some or all of the following based on the nature of the position: SSN/SIN validation, education verification, employment verification, and criminal check, search against global sanctions and government watch lists, fingerprint verification, credit check, and/or drug test. You will be notified during the hiring process which checks are required by the position.

Aon provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, veteran, marital, or domestic partner status. Aon is committed to a diverse workforce and is an affirmative action employer.

DISCLAIMER:
Nothing in this job description restricts management's right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

2476034
