Job Description
Job Title: Data Analyst

Reports to: Manager – Data Engineering

Position Overview:

The Data Analyst position is responsible for the analysis and processing of raw client data. Responsibilities include working with SQL server to process raw client data into Foresight’s standard database schema, managing data cleaning/QA, and building custom reporting queries for internal analysis. This role is also expected to work cross-functionally with the client service and analytics teams to ensure that clients datasets are complete and accurate. Additionally, this role assists with creating the initial insights for a given client by providing an understanding of a client’s dataset.

Qualities Key for Success:
Driver for Results: Hard Worker. Focuses energy on high impact tasks in a sometimes ambiguous and multi-tasked setting. Ability to prioritize, execute, and deliver.
Dig Deeper: High degree of intellectual curiosity. Constantly strives to find the best solution to complicated business problems. Doesn’t stop at ‘good enough’ and gets immersed in the client’s business.
Domain Expertise: Familiarity with Consumer-Packaged Goods (CPG) datasets such as point of sales and marketing data. Ability to use business logic to manipulate client specific datasets into the Foresight standard. Familiarity with relational database development and data warehousing.
Teamwork: Team player able to build effective and productive working relationships with all cross-functional disciplines and senior leadership. Strong empathetic and authentic disposition, willing to do whatever it takes to deliver against our goals.
Communication: Storyteller. Capable of communication both internally and with external clients to better understand the datasets that they are working with. Can effectively communicate concerns found within a dataset.
Required:
Bachelor’s Degree in marketing, statistics, computer science or a related field
Excellent analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills
High levels of self-motivation, intellectual curiosity, and attention to detail
Ability to handle multiple, complex projects in a deadline-driven environment
Demonstrated skill working with relational database systems (SQL Server)
Familiarity with ETL building systems such as SSIS or Alteryx
Familiarity with data visualization tools such as Tableau
Proficiency in MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint)
