Optum Payment Integrity Analytics is looking to expand and is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our team and help us reach our goals of accurate and effortless payments of claims through advanced analytics and machine learning. You should be an exceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictive modeling and advanced analytics experience and a passion for working with healthcare data, experience using various computational approaches, and a portfolio of projects you can show and talk about.

Youll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:
Improve and extend the analytic methods in our products
Work alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement models and experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentation
Conduct hands-on data analysis and predictive analytics on large datasets
Effectively communicate complex technical results to business partners
Support and drive analytic efforts around machine learning and innovation
Work with a great deal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree or higher in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field
3+ years of hands-on experience in in developing analytics with machine learning, deep learning, NLP, and/or other related modeling techniques
Strong proficiency in advanced data science tools such as R, Python, SQL, Spark and H2O
Familiarity with wrangling large datasets with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive and Spark
Experience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructured data
Experience combining analytic methods with advanced data visualizations using, for example, Tableau, Shiny or D3
Expert ability to breakdown and clearly define problems
Strong ability to communicate highly technical results to a diverse audience
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SM

*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Groups Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Senior Data Scientist, Telecommute, Telecommuter
