Do you share Hornblower's passion for providing amazing experiences? If you’re an enthusiastic team player who thrives in an environment where communication, creativity, and cooperation are encouraged, this may just be the opportunity for you. As we say at Hornblower, why work when you can cruise?

The Data Scientist will be responsible for providing actionable, data-driven insights to internal and external partners to measure COVID-19 contact tracing efforts and improve outcomes. S/he will develop real-time dashboards, provide insights to support strategic initiatives, and produce predictions that will enable evidence-based decision-support. In addition, this individual will assist in the design and development of analytics and reporting solutions based on users’ needs. This is a great opportunity for someone who is excited about transforming data into actionable insights to support the fight against the COVID-19 epidemic.

Essential Duties& Responsibilities
Transform data into actionable insights
Collect, analyze, and model available data to address reporting and analysis needs.
Prepare reports and presentations that provide critical strategic insights
Identify, analyze and interpret health disparities and health inequities
Additional job duties assigned
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in Mathematics, Biostatistics, Analytics, Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Public Health, Epidemiology, or Life Science
2+ years of experience in health-related data analysis
Experience designing, data-mining, and conducting analyses of large, complex data sets
Experience with data visualization software (e.g., Tableau, PowerBI, Google Data Studio)
Proficient with SQL and R or Python
Willingness to learn new skills, tools and technologies
Additional Qualifications
Experience with AWS, GCP or Azure ML tooling
Experience with Docker
Experience building ETL pipelines
Hornblower has been the leading yacht and public dining cruise company in the United States for more than 38 years. Companies within the Hornblower family include Hornblower Classic Cable Cars, Hornblower Cruises and Events, American Queen Steamboat Company, Victory Cruises, Boston Harbor Cruises, HMS Global Maritime, Statue Cruises, Alcatraz Cruises, Niagara Cruises and NYC Ferry, operated by Hornblower.

Hornblower is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We prohibit discrimination and or/harassment of any type, including but not limited to discrimination and or harassment based upon race, religion, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, age, pregnancy or relation medical conditions, childbirth, breastfeeding, parental status, veteran and/or military statue, disability (physical or mental) medical condition, genetic information or characteristics, political affiliation, domestic violence survivor status, marital status, or other characteristics prohibited by federal, state, or local law. Additional, Hornblower participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and other applicable laws, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
