Chicago Public Schools (CPS) is the third largest school district in the United States, serving over 350,000 students in 600 schools and employing nearly 36,000 people, most of them teachers. CPS has set ambitious goals to ensure that every student, in every school and every neighborhood, has access to a world-class learning experience that prepares each for success in college, career and civic life. In order to fulfill this mission we make three commitments to our students, their families and all Chicagoans: academic progress, financial stability and integrity. Six core values are embedded within these commitments - student centered, whole child, equity, academic excellence, community partnership and continuous learning.

Within the Office of Diverse Learners Supports and Services, the Senior Data Analyst will be responsible for managing the collection and evaluation of data to ensure that ODLSS is driving toward District goals.

The Data Analyst will be held accountable for the following responsibilities:
Perform analysis on complex data sets to provide meaningful information.
Evaluate data for structural integrity and consistency.
Understand data and extract information to meet business requirements.
Identify trends/anomalies in the data collected to understand the source of data inaccuracies.
Summarize metrics and produce visualizations to help guide ODLSS unit leaders, as well as networks and schools.
Partner with the business and subject matter experts to identify additional data needs.
Ensure that resources that are paid with Diverse Learning funds are performing only duties consistent with their job descriptions.
Assist in the development and manage of projects, when necessary
In order to be successful and achieve the above responsibilities, the Senior Data Analyst must possess the following qualifications:

Type of Education Required:
Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's Degree in a Finance, Math or Business is required; Master's degree preferred.
Type of Experience and Number of Years:
At least 5 years of data mining and data analysis experience
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to bring projects to a close with minimal supervision
Ability to work in a fast paced environment, respond immediately to multiple constituencies and meet continuous critical deadlines
Knowledge of SAS, Python, SQL or R is desirable
Expert user of Microsoft and Google office suites
Ability to write advanced queries, produce reports and strong analytical, organizational and communication skills required
Familiarity of CPS data systems is also a plus
Residency Requirement:

As a condition of employment with the Chicago Public Schools (CPS), employees are required to live within the geographic boundaries of the City of Chicago within six months of their CPS hire date and must maintain residency throughout their employment with the district.

'251182
