Level Ex is transforming the way medical professionals hone their skills by practicing high-risk procedures and earning training credit with the latest medical devices and diagnostic treatments in our industry-leading 3D mobile games. In less than four years, Level Ex has exponentially grown, hiring top talent from the video games industry, the digital health ecosystem, and leading medical institutions. Our clients include top 20 pharmaceutical, biotech, and medical device companies including Baxter, Pfizer, Merck, and Medtronic, as well as leading medical associations.

We’re looking for an experienced Data Analyst who can discover ways to improve our genre-bending mobile games, can lead roadmap projects that will boost the company’s analytics & data science capabilities, can build and support data pipelines for business intelligence and can deliver ad hoc analytics requests to internal partners and external clients.

What You’ll Be Doing with Us
Writing SQL queries for analysis and ETL details (views, dimensional/factual tables, aggregate tables, etc.)
Leading larger projects in a data & analytics roadmap.
Authoring and presenting data analyses that answer business questions and identify recommendations.
Delivering ad-hoc reports for multiple departments.
Building compelling, useful data visualizations and dashboards that track important KPIs related to player behavior, games development, marketing, operations, etc.
Defining telemetry details to add or change existing event data. Identifying data and structure needed in order to analyze mobile games with different design patterns.
Discovering and fixing data quality, structure and integrity issues.
Validating data and to ensure availability across live apps, client projects, and future projects, and collaborating with Quality Assurance to ensure telemetry is correct.
Performing statistical analysis in areas like marketing campaigns, AB tests for product improvements, client project analysis, and more.
Training and deploying predictive models to optimize marketing, operations, etc.
Documenting pipeline details, changes to telemetry, and other important information. Support in maintaining metadata files and data models.
Writing and monitoring JIRA/development tickets.
Provide guidance and peer review to staff on a growing team.

Who We Want To Meet
3+ years of experience working in data & analytics, business intelligence, data science or data engineering.
3+ years of experience with SQL.
3+ years of experience with one or more open-source data science languages - R, Python, etc.
3+ years of experience with Tableau or other data visualization tools.
B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Passion for using data, analytics, statistics, and predictive modeling to solve problems.
Attention to detail.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a team at a growing start-up.

Bonus Points Awarded For
M.S. or Ph.D. in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Engineering or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Experience working on mobile game analytics and/or on medical analytics.

How We Make You Happy
Multiple health insurance plans with 100% company-paid premiums
401(k) with company-paid match
Dental and vision insurance
Pre-tax flex spending and commuter accounts
Paid vacation, sick days and holidays
Downtown Loop location convenient to public transportation, and plenty of nearby food options
Unlimited cold brew and gourmet coffee, kombucha, Bevi sparkling water, and craft beer
Full kitchen and food options including breakfast, and both healthy and comfort snacks
Team after-hours events, like Board Game Night

Interested?
For the fastest consideration please send us your resume along with a cover letter detailing why you’re a fit for this important role. We look forward to hearing from you and exploring the possibilities.

Level Ex is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE).

No Agencies or Recruiters, please.
Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job.
