About Slalom BuildSlalom Build is a highly-scalable, high-velocity technology group with a passion for proven delivery methodology. We work with clients to close the distance between dream and reality, imagined possibility and technical realization. We do this by blending design, product engineering, analytics, and automation to build the modern technology products of tomorrow. We call this combination of skills and methodology, Build as a Service.Over 1000 builders strong in nine Build Centers across North America, UK, and Australia, Slalom Build leverages a foundation of innovation inherited from Slalom Consulting. We're intensely proud to partner with future-focused clients committed to disrupting their industries.About SlalomFounded in 2001 and headquartered in Seattle, WA, Slalom has organically grown to over 8,000 employees. We were named one of Fortune's 100 Best Companies to Work For in 2017 and are regularly recognized by our employees as a best place to work. You can find us in 35cities across the U.S., U.K., Canada, and Australia.Job Title: Machine Learning Practice Area LeadWho You AreSlalom Build is looking for an entrepreneurial, progressive leader to grow and ensure the success of our Machine Learning practice in Boston. You will provide thought leadership to our clients, set strategic direction for the practice, and drive sales, recruiting, consulting, and operational efficiencies. You will ultimately be accountable for the overall quality and execution of projects across Machine Learning.Responsibilities* You will be accountable for the growth of the practice, including driving sales, recruiting, account management, consulting, and all operational aspects.* Practice Building - Drive growth of the Machine Learning practice by participating in business development, oversight of delivery work, and thought leadership. Assemble best practices and develop case studies and other core deliverables to grow solution offerings.* Business Development - Relationship building with executive-level, client stakeholders and expand Slalom's client portfolio in the East region. Guide business development activities, partnering with Slalom leadership to pursue new and existing client relationships.* Team & Individual Development - Lead by example to build a team of leaders and engineers and create a passionate, team-player environment. Provide technical thought leadership in the Machine Learning space. Support recruiting, on boarding of new employees, and the development of leaders.* Engagement Management - Handle engagement risk, project economics including planning and budgeting, carefully defining deliverable content, and ensuring consensus of proposed solutions from top management levels at the client.* Evangelize the Slalom Build brand by participating in industry forums, events, or speaking engagements* Travel Requirements: Willingness to travel up to 50%Qualifications* 10+ years of combined experience in software engineering engagement-based consulting experience or equivalent industry experience* Expert in cloud-based engineering, data science, and agile delivery* Experience managing data scientists* Demonstrated professional growth and the proven ability to work cross-functionally* Shown history of leveraging and growing existing client base; organic business development responsibilities; i.e. growing new account/clients from the ground up* Deep experience with leading people, including technical and professional mentorship* Excellent verbal and written communication skills to audiences of all levels including client facing skillsSlalom is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
