Introduction
As an IBM consultant, you directly help clients transform their business and solve complex problems. You will analyze, define, configure, implement, test and support projects that deliver customized solutions using your knowledge of Microsoft. You are a valued team member, serving as a liaison between IBM and our clients to deliver outstanding results.

Your Role and Responsibilities

IBM Services Microsoft Practice is seeking keen-minded Microsoft Analytics Consulting Specialists. In this job role, the ideal candidate is a consummate business technologist consultant. You will use your business process, data and intelligence tools expertise to provide best-in-class solutions to help clients achieve business objectives. The specialist will collaborate in all aspects of the implementation. This role will work side by side with customer business and IT teams defining and analyzing business requirements. Successful candidates will have experience with data mining, data modeling, process modeling, and a keen insight for translating requirements into a robust design.

Skills and experience with creating and delivering production demonstrations is preferred but not required.

Be part of a team that is delivering exceptional value by bridging technology and expertise. Collaborate with extraordinary, insightful professionals in an environment that cultivates creativity and individuality.

Candidates from all locations considered; however candidates that live in or near one of the following cities preferred: Atlanta, Chicago, Columbus, Houston, Dallas, Raleigh, Washington DC Metro Area, Piscataway, Philadelphia.

RWMS

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
At least 2 years of experience in business intelligence consulting and design
At least 2 years of experience in Azure configuration and any combination of Azure Data Factory, Azure Blob Storage, Azure SQL DataWarehouse, Azure Analysis Services, Azure Machine Learning
At least 2 years of experience with PowerBI
At least 3 years of experience with SSIS, SSAS, SSRS
At least 2 years of experience with report data modelling
At least 2 years of experience in ETL technologies
Microsoft certification
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
At least 3 years of experience in SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, SSAS
At least 3 years of experience in Azure and/or Jupyter Notebooks
At least 5 years of experience in report modelling
At least 3 years of experience in MDX(SSAS)
At least 2 years of experience in Azure CosmosDB consumption via Web Applications
At least basic experience implementing ERP solutions (i.e. SAP) on Azure
At least basic knowledge with Databricks and/or Azure Databricks (Python/Scala/Spark SQL, SparkR, SparkML, SparklyR, related technologies)
Microsoft Certification in Azure based technology
About Business Unit
IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter business by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when youre looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
BENEFITS
Health Insurance. Paid time off. Corporate Holidays. Sick leave. Family planning. Financial Guidance. Competitive 401K. Training and Learning. We continue to expand our benefits and programs, offering some of the best support, guidance and coverage for a diverse employee population.

•http://www-01.ibm.com/employment/us/benefits/
•https://www-03.ibm.com/press/us/en/pressrelease/50744.wss

CAREER GROWTH
Our goal is to be essential to the world, which starts with our people. Company wide we kicked off an internal talent strategy program called Go Organic. At our core, we are committed to believing and investing in our workforce through:
•Skill development: helping our employees grow their foundational skills
•Finding the dream job at IBM: navigating our company with the potential for many careers by channeling an employees strengths and career aspirations
•Diversity of people: Diversity of thought driving collective innovation

CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
With an employee population of 375,000 in over 170 countries, amazingly we connect, collaborate, and care. IBMers drive a corporate culture of shared responsibility. We love grand challenges and everyday improvements for our company and for the world. We care about each other, our clients, and the communities we live, work, and play in!

•http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/initiatives.html
•http://www.ibm.com/ibm/responsibility/corporateservicecorps

Location Statement
For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
