Conagra Brands has the most energized, highest-impact culture in food. Our people persistently challenge and disrupt marketplace/business conventions and we are respected for our great brands, great food, great margins and consistent results. Conagra Brands, be part of building something BIG.

Under limited supervision, researches, conducts experiments, gathers data, develops preliminary findings and prepares written reports for the development of new products beginning at conception through successful commercialization. Drives project timelines, creates technical proposals established protocols and work plans and drafts for review technical proposals and reports.

Position Responsibilities:
Develop new products beginning at the concept phase through successful commercialization
Design and conduct plant trials and new product start-ups
Plan, prioritize and complete tasks effectively and efficiently
Creates product development schedules that are required to meet project timelines
Maintain accurate and complete records.
Work with pilot plant equipment under supervision
Learn and utilize on-line specification system
Design and execute experiments and prepare results for review
Conceptualize and develop new products prototypes.
Manages individual tasks and works under limited supervision.
Drives product cutting, plant trials, and testing
Maintains a clean, organized and safe work area, including the cleaning of equipment, utensils and work surfaces.
Position Requirements:
BS in Food Science or related field required. MS preferred
Minimum 3 years relevant work experience
Experience in Product Development in a Food Company required, Food Service experience a plus
Exhibit leadership and proactive attitudes in approaching technical solutions to business and market issues
Ability to independently manage project work
Pro-active self-starter, willing to accept responsibility for business tasks
Proven ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously
Clear, concise written and verbal communication
Demonstrate ability to communicate well and to effectively influence and interact with others to accomplish research goals
Proficient with Microsoft Office software
Problem solving skills
Requires knowledge in food product design, formulation, ingredient functionality and interaction, process design, product scale-up, plant testing and commercialization
Good understanding of food industry standard of quality, food safety and FDA
Passionate about cooking and finding solutions to operators in a Food Service environment
Physical Requirements:
Work in and around cramped/confined spaces
Climbing to various heights via stairs or ladders
Exposure to manufacturing environments for periodic extended work days to include: loud noise, excessive heat, cold, wet, and slippery conditions.
Use of tools, equipment, and machinery
Driving a company or rental vehicle for up to 6 hours as needed
May travel up to 30% of time. Must be able to travel independently and as a responsible CAG representative
Exposure to food tasting and smells including all food allergens
#LI-AB1

SF-GD

Conagra Brands is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, pregnancy, leave status, disability, veteran status, genetic information and/or any other characteristic or status protected by national, federal, state or local law.
