Electrical Engineer II, San Antonio, TX, US ID #18150
**MUST BE ABLE TO OBTAIN A PUBLIC TRUST CLEARANCE***
Cherokee Nation Management & Consulting (CNMC) is a versatile small business that provides advisory & assistance services in research, experimental development, technology implementation, and program management. CNMC has expertise in a wide-range of technical disciplines including engineering, environmental, information and asset management, along with a variety of physical and life sciences. The company is an integral part of the Technology Division's portfolio of companies. Wholly owned by the Cherokee Nation, CNMC is part of the Cherokee Nation Businesses family of companies.

http://cherokee-cnmc.com/Pages/home.aspx

https://cherokee-federal.com/

SUMMARY

Supports Cherokee Nation Management & Consulting's client, the 502d Civil Engineer Group at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, TX. Supports the Base Engineering personnel during Pre- and Post-Project Acquisition engineering activities. Assists with project requirement definition, draft Performance Work Statements (PWS), prepare Statements of Work (SOW), draft programming documents (DD 1391s) develop cost estimates, and other components of the acquisition package for government approval and submission. Executes project technical reviews of designs, cost estimates, and specifications for Facility Sustainment Restoration & Modernization (FSRM) and Military Construction (MILCON) projects. Prepares reports of findings and provides recommendations to 502 CEG personnel. Interacts with key stakeholders to identify potential design deficiencies, value added opportunities, and resolve design conflicts. Conducts Post-Award Construction support activities by facilitating meetings, developing technical presentations, and shall perform all required enterprise business system data entry for assigned projects, as required. Personnel will participate in planning/design charrette activities; review/oversight of Contractor work in progress; and quality assurance/quality control and provide observations and recommendations to the Government.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide technical expertise and project management advice and guidance
Conduct comprehensive technical reviews of professional studies, reports, and analysis
Collaborate with stakeholders, architects, engineers, and construction managers
Define and Develop engineering project requirements and translate them into Performance Work Statements/Statements of Work
Prepare reports and recommendations for project sponsors and stakeholders
Advance concepts and approaches, reviews projects progress and results; provide project status to help management resource decisions
Oversees the development, evaluation or review of plans and criteria for a variety of activities; assesses the feasibility of proposed plans, projects, and equipment
Coordinates and/or acts as a liaison between the Cherokee Nation client and their customers
Evaluate information against a set of industry standards
Simultaneously manage technical reviews of multiple design & construction projects
Oversees the development, evaluation or review of plans and criteria for a variety of activities; assesses the feasibility of proposed plans, projects, and equipment
Plans and manages projects. Writes (or discusses) project plan(s), recommendation(s) and/or finding(s)
Conducts Quality Assurance reviews of on-going engineering projects and provides reports and recommendations to the client
Evaluates information against a set of standards
Performs other job-related duties as required.
SUPERVISORY/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY
Non-supervisory. Reports to Program Manager.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering; Master's Degree is desirable
Minimum 5 years' experience in design and construction activities
Experience with design and construction of high-interest, high-visibility Air Force projects is highly desirable
Upon hiring, candidate MAY be subjected to a SECRET CLEARANCE LEVEL investigation which is required to be adjudicated and maintained, in order to remain eligible for employment, per contract and government requirements
Excellent communication skills both oral, visual and written
Strong computer skills working with Microsoft Office programs (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook);
Experience utilizing BUILDERTM Sustainment Management System
Experience with TRIRIGA and E4Clicks is highly desired
Experience with MS Project, AutoCADD, Primavera, and Visio a plus
Ability to successfully pass drug screening and a federal background check is required
Ability to read, interpret, and analyze technical designs and drawings is required
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Minimum 5 years Design, Construction and/or Construction management experience. 8 to 10 years desired.
Experience and understanding of the military design and construction process.
Experience and understanding that includes all aspects of acquisition and project execution as a design/construction agent.
Ability to simultaneously manage technical reviews of multiple design & construction projects
Ability to work independently with little supervision
Ability to positively react to changes in directions, and filter out unnecessary tasks
Outstanding interaction skills, tact, and team building skills
Must use logic to analyze or identify underlying principles, reasons, or facts associated with information or data to draw conclusions
Utilize technology to facilitate geographically separated offices into virtual collaborative environment
WORK ENVIRONMENT
The majority of work is technical in nature and conducted in a climate-controlled office environment.
Regular field activities include project site surveys and construction site visits.
Domestic and international travel is required <10>
About Cherokee Federal
Cherokee Federal - a division of Cherokee Nation Businesses - is a team of tribally owned federal contracting companies focused on building solutions, solving complex challenges, and serving the nation's mission around the globe for more than 60 federal clients. Our team of companies manages nearly 1,000 projects of all sizes across the construction, consulting, engineering and manufacturing, health, and technology portfolios.

Since 2012, the Cherokee Federal team of companies has won more than $5 billion in government contracts. Our 3,000+ employees work in 26 countries, 50 states and 2 U.S. territories.

Why choose Cherokee Federal? Visit our website and learn about the great reasons to join our team. cherokee-federal.com

Compliance

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf and https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/ofccp_eeo_supplement_final_jrf_qa_508c.pdf

If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may e-mail CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status.

For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision ; https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf

We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2020 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at "CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com" This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.

Apply
