Job Description
Data Analytics Manager, Chicago, IL

Smarter Thinking. Real Results. Technology consulting has been our story for over 14 years. Companies from all industries partner with us for our innovative mindset to help them digitally transform to create market advantages, become resilient, and prepare for what’s next. With us, the possible becomes actual.

We provide strategic and innovative consulting services focused on digital experiences, engineering, automation, data and analytics, and salesforce solutions. Saggezza consultants work as part of a global team, and throughout their tenure, have the opportunity to work on a variety of different projects across various clients and industries. We are chartered to do one thing, and one thing only – to bring enabling technology to our clients that allow them to move their business forward.

We are currently looking to hire a Data Analytics Manager to join our team.

Each project will be different, but you’ll always be responsible for:
Conduct Architecture Discovery Workshop with customers and architect solutions that enables them to become data driven organization.
Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Work with customer Business Owners to identify and capture data requirements.
Analyze and develop database architecture documentation, including conceptual, logical, and physical data models, such as entity-relationship diagrams and data dictionaries
Build ETL Data pipelines using ETL tools like Microsoft SSIS /Talend/DataStage/Informatica or using open source systems like Apache Airflow and Python.
Build, develop and maintain reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business decisions.
Proficiency in analyzing data and formulating insights/conclusions.
Design and build technical processes to address business issues.
Oversee the design and delivery of the projects that analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics.
Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables of reporting employees with comprehensive policies and processes.
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering as well as modeling, visualization and communication deliverables.
Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership, technology, sales, marketing and product teams.
Recruit, train, develop and supervise team members in the practice.
From a cultural perspective, we look for individuals who possess the following qualities that will contribute to our success and the success of our clients:
Entrepreneurial spirit: We seek individuals who enjoy contributing to the growth of an organization and who show commitment to the success of their team.
Problem-solving skills: Individuals at our company have well-honed analytical skills coupled with business acumen to structure problems, deliver solutions, and communicate insights.
Drive: Our team sets ambitious goals and seeks energetic professionals, enjoy a fast pace environment, and thrive in taking on responsibility.
What You’ll Definitely Need
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Engineering discipline.
A minimum of 8 years’ total experience
3 to 5 years data architect experience
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong communication skills with the ability to present information in verbal, written or visual form to a variety of audiences, from internal teams to client executives
Ability to interact with business clients and internal teams simultaneously to bridge gaps and manage communications
Ability to translate an idea or need into a complete solution
Familiarity with software design and development
Experience training or teaching customers
Strong Data Modeling experience
Strong SQL experience writing moderately complex queries
Don’t tick all the boxes? Don’t worry about it: we still want to hear from you if you think

you’re the right person for the job.

Why Join Our Team?
Diverse culture, experiences, and skills.
Our nurturing and supportive environment fosters collaboration across the entire organization.
We are not hierarchical but operate as a flat surface where every opinion matters, ideas are cultivated and innovation is encouraged.
At Saggezza, we are fortunate to have a strong mentorship program that provides every one of our employees the ability to thrive professionally and personally.
We are only as good as our people. Saggezza, Italian for wisdom, is rooted from the perspective that knowledge is power. We create thought-leaders who are constantly exposed and trained in different technologies in the ever-evolving world of software development.
We welcome innovators with entrepreneurial spirits to grow with our team.
Consulting Magazine - Fastest Growing Firms 2019
Built-In Top Places to Work in Chicago 2020
Best and Brightest Companies in the Nation 2019 and 2020, Best and Brightest Companies in Milwaukee 2020 and Best and Brightest Companies in Chicago 2020
Saggezza is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer: We believe in treating each employee and applicant for employment fairly and with dignity. We base our employment decisions on merit, experience, and potential, without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, religion, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic prohibited by federal, state or local law.

Powered by JazzHR

nMpJ3MDw8J
