Uptake is a Chicago-based predictive analytics SaaS platform provider that empowers major industry leaders to optimize performance, reduce asset failures and enhance safety. At Uptake, we combine our strengths—machine learning, analytics, data visualization and software development—with the expertise of our industrial partners. The result is an enormous savings in development time and resources for Uptake’s partners and a proven industrial grade software platform that delivers value to partners and their end customers.

What you’ll do:


Uptake is built on Data Science. Data and actionable insights are at the very core of everything we are and that we aspire to be. Uptake’s Chief Data Scientist provides practice leadership to all Uptake Data Scientists and acts as an Uptake Brand Ambassador to the world. The Chief Data Scientist has a responsibility for the art and science of Data Science at Uptake.

Internal Focus: Define and shepherd the practice of data science at Uptake. Set the standards and approaches for applying data science. Attract and retain superstar data scientists. Coach and mentor data scientists. Develop and Maintain the platform and solution architecture in service of the simple, fast, and cost-effective realization of data science in the industrial world.

External Focus: Be the face of Uptake Data Science excellence to customers, industry practitioners, partners, analysts and investors. Through your clear, concise and cross channel communication, build the brand of Uptake to represent knowledge of industrial assets and tireless pursuit of continuously improving asset productivity, low-cost maintenance and availability.

Responsibilities:


As Chief Data Scientist, your responsibilities may include, but are not limited to, the following:
Ownership of Data Science tools, technologies and solution patterns built for scale, re-usability, and continuous improvement.
Ownership of vision for rapidly turning machine data into valuable insights on the Uptake Platform.
Act as the key stakeholder and driver of the end-to-end Uptake Platform architecture.
Lead the Data Science Practice at Uptake.
Publish best practices and standards of excellence.
Create the Uptake Data Science Career path and guide scientists along that path.
Mentor Data Scientists company-wide.
Challenge the status quo and continuously reinvent the application of data science with a strong bias towards simplification, re-usability, and network effects.
Publish select topics in industry journals and trade publications building the Uptake brand.
Participate in customer, investor, analyst and external facing meetings building the Uptake Brand (and helping close deals).
Convert customer data and industry data into strategic assets building Uptake enterprise value.
Qualifications:


PhD or Masters degree in Data Science or related field
11+ years of system building experience
6+ years of people management experience
A passion for new approaches to Data Science at scale.
A passion for solving customer problems and helping them win.
Experience building and deploying data science in a production environment.
A strong reputation as a Data Science thought leader.
Strong passion for technology and building great systems
Excellent communication skills
Agile methodology practitioner
Ability to work quickly and collaboratively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment
Preferred skills:


We value these qualities, but they’re not required for this role:
Ph.D. in related field
Experience as an open-source contributor
Startup and/or Product Experience
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

Uptake welcomes and encourages applications from all individuals, without regard to any prohibited ground of discrimination, including from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
