Job Description
Senior Data Engineer

IMMEDIATE NEED for a Senior Data Engineer to join an amazing company at their Houston, TX location regarding Direct Hire employment.

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with data scientists, product management, and web engineers to deliver value and project outcomes
Convert prototype models and data pipelines built by data scientists for use in production.
Evaluation and debugging of model performance to ensure parity with prototype (Spark/Java/Python).
Develop low-latency, real-time predictive models in a microservice environment (Java).
Balance long-term code health and maintainability with business needs.
Profiling and performance tuning of production code.
ML Ops: support of Dataproc, Zeppelin, Gitlab, continuous integration systems, monitoring, alerting, etc.
Qualifications:
Experience and interest in Big Data technologies (Hadoop/ Spark/ NoSQL DB)
Experience working on projects within the cloud ideally Azure/AWS
Strong development background with experience in at least two scripting, object oriented, or functional programming language, etc. SQL Python, Java, Scala, R
Experience in at least one ETL tool
Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets
Please send your resume to Andrew Butler, Senior Technical Recruiter for immediate consideration. Let us help you secure an interview!

ABOUT US

Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is a leading provider of technology and staffing solutions for IT, Security, Engineering, and Interactive Design disciplines servicing startups to enterprise clients, nationally. We pride ourselves in the ability to introduce you to our intimate network of business and technology leaders – bringing you opportunity coupled with personal growth, and professional development! Join us. Let us catapult your career!

Irvine Technology Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Irvine Technology Corporation complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
