Introduction


ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of lithography systems that help enable Moore’s Law and the creation of increasingly powerful and capable electronic devices. Our San Diego-based light source division, Cymer, is renowned for developing both deep ultraviolet (DUV) lithography light sources and next generation extreme ultraviolet (EUV) light sources.As the world’s leading semiconductor equipment manufacturer, ASML enables chipmakers to produce cheaper, speedier chips – and to produce them faster – thereby enabling all the technology you use today. The systems we produce integrate several large and sophisticated machines, themselves each a feat of engineering innovation, precision, and speed.

We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Wilton, CT, Chandler, AZ, San Jose, CA and San Diego, CA (EUV laser source creation).

In the Cymer Light Source (CLS) division in San Diego, we design and manufacture Deep Ultraviolet (DUV) lasers, used directly in the chipmaking process. Far from a basic “consumer” laser, these machines are complex, powerful, and flexible. The lasers we make require: durable and high-speed precise motion-controlled optics to maintain wavelength to femtometer accuracy under high laser powers; advanced materials to endure the harsh Fluorine-rich environments and high powers; clever mechanical designs to allow high performance and fit all the parts within a confined space, but still allow easy manufacturing and servicing.

If you have a passion for technology and innovation you’ll want to check us out. Be a part of progress.

One Company, One Goal, Limitless Innovation. It's our people that make the difference.

Job Mission


Designs, develops, implements and maintains methods, operation sequence and processes in the manufacture, fabrication, testing and troubleshooting of parts, components, sub-assemblies, final assemblies and systems.Interfaces with design engineering in coordinating the release of new products.May estimate manufacturing cost, determine time standards and makes recommendations for tooling and process requirements of new or existing product lines.Maintains records and reporting systems for coordination of manufacturing operations.May review proposals of outside vendors regarding the purchase of new or modernization of existing production/processing equipment.Responsible for improving overall system/module quality, increasing yields, and reducing process cycle times in the Process Engineering Organization.This is accomplished by the coordination of cross-functional activities with other departments.

Job Description
Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods and processes.
Works with design staff concerning product design and tooling.
Applies statistical methods to estimate future manufacturing requirements and potential.
Coordinates Special Build activities between Engineering and Manufacturing.
Leads and/or participates as a member of cross-functional Teams.
Builds and maintains databases.
Conducts time and efficiency studies and develops improved processes based on findings.
Coordinates Beta test software activities to flow through manufacturing.
Coordinates and/or implements change orders and deviation activities to flow through manufacturing.Creates and maintains track record.
Investigates and reports root cause of problems, follows up with corrective actions.
Prepares, analyzes and reports factory metrics (test data, yield data, cycle-time data, etc.) on a monthly and quarterly basis.
Participates in product reliability meetings and drives for resolutions of big hitter problems.
Participates in sub-system design reviews and evaluates the new product designs for manufacturability, quality, and reliability.
Implements containment and corrective actions.
Creates assembly and test processes and procedures.
Creates data collection schemes.
Develops / refines business processes.
Evaluates and analyzes data acquired during test. Makes recommendations for process or design modifications based on analysis.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education
Bachelor’s Degree in relative Science or Engineering discipline.Physic and/or Electrical Engineering academic background (Preferred MS Degree)
Experience
Minimum of seven (7) years of relevant, work related experience is required.
Cymer Laser Service or equivalent work experience is plus.
Advanced experience using MS Office required (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Teams, Visio).
Experience using statistical software required (I.e. JMP, Minitab, etc.)
Experience using one or more of the following software packages: MS Project, SAP Manufacturing Execution, Oracle, Oracle Agile (PLM), TIBCO Spotfire, PTC Creo.
Experience with programming preferred: LabVIEW, Python, SQL, JavaScript, Visual Basic.
Lean / 6-Sigma experience required. Green Belt certification preferred.
SPC (Statistical Process Control) experience preferred.
Ability to multi-task and set priorities without jeopardizing project schedule.
Understand BOM (Bill-Of-Material) structuring fundamentals and have the ability to create PCDs (Production Change Requests), COs (Change Order) and TDNs (Temporary Deviation Notification).
Familiarity of DOE (Design of Experiments) techniques.
Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
Ability to read and interpret mechanical drawings per GD&T Y14.5.
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the company - Technicians to Management.
Must be comfortable with a rapidly changing work environment.
Must be a team player.
Must be curious and hands-on (can provide some direct practical experience in the operation of manufacturing tools).
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Other information


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Can work under deadlines.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Responsibilities include periodic travel to regional and overseas sites for product technical support and special support projects.
Work may include onsite technical support involving heavy lifting of equipment & modules.
Position will require technical work activity in a clean-room production environment and/or laboratory setting.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Occasionally may be exposed to loud noise bursts and may be exposed to toxic gases (fluorine).
Must be able to work in small, confined spaces.
We offer competitive salaries and benefits including medical, dental, vision, 401(K), and FSAs.

We are committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences of our workforce to create opportunities for our people and the business. EOE
