Company Description

Positioned at Publicis Groupe's core, Conversant is a marketing tech platform that helps brands transform ordinary customer experiences into meaningful, human experiences. The Conversant platform powers a connected suite of products and services called Epsilon PeopleCloud, combining leading-edge identity management, industrial-strength data and technology expertise with big brand acumen gained over five decades of working with the industry's top brands. Our human-powered, data-led marketing delivers unmatched depth, breadth and scale to help brands create exceptional business outcomes. For more information, visit www.epsilon.com. Follow us on Twitter at @EpsilonMktg.

Job Description

Conversant analyzes anonymized, privacy-safe data at internet scale. We handle 200B+ of online interactions a day and have $3.8 trillion in multichannel purchases in our database. The Decision Sciences group is a collaborative R&D team that continually enhances Conversant's award-winning personalization platform through a combination of data science, machine learning, AI, computer science, and more.

Our colleagues love the fast-paced, dynamic work environment, the speed with which we translate research to business impact, the opportunity to continually learn new knowledge and skills, the internal research seminars, the external training opportunities, and the excellent work-life balance our culture promotes.

We prioritize talent and potential over having closely similar prior experience. If using internet scale data to drive business impact excites you, we want to talk to you.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Conduct projects end-to-end from early stage research through development, in consultation with stakeholders.
Use your expertise in data science and/or computer science to research and recommend solutions to our technology and business problems.
Provide technology leadership to yield innovative differentiating solutions.
Develop an understanding of Conversant's personalization platform and proprietary datasets.
Implement and optimize state of the art algorithms in distributed environments.
Work with our Engineering teams to integrate your solutions into Conversant's platform.
Participate fully in our collaborative approach to research and applications projects.
Qualifications
Graduate degree, Ph.D. preferred, in a computational, mathematical, engineering, or scientific field.
Research experience in a computational area such as data science, computer science, machine learning, artificial intelligence, statistics, probabilistic modeling, or graph algorithms.
Analytic and modeling skills.
Verbal and written communication skills, including the ability to summarize technically complex information for a non-technical audience.
ADDITIONAL DESIRABLE BUT NOT REQUIRED SKILLS
Experience with distributed computing.
Demonstrated proficiency working with business and technical teams to integrate algorithms into product platforms on large data sets.
Additional Information

Great People, Deserve Great Benefits
We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career.

Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories.

Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process.

#LI-AL1

REF17069L
