Requisition ID: 9804

Our purpose at MillerCoors a Molson Coors Company is to delight the world’s beer drinkers. We are the world’s family brewer, brewing and selling our beer for over 350 years around the world. We’re TalentBrewers - we believe in our brands and our people, we believe that a truly inspiring and diverse place to work is a must. We want you to join our team of passionate self-starters who believe the world is full of untapped opportunities. So, if you get fired up about making a real difference as part of a winning team like we do, we want to hear from you.

The Pricing Analytics Manager develops MillerCoors pricing analytic tools and analysis to assess and measure pricing opportunities in the field, provide advanced solutions for chain and category management, inform national and local pricing strategies, create analytic framework for pricing execution, and deliver pricing insights to the brand teams.

The Responsibilities:
Develop, maintain and train stakeholders on the full suite of pricing analytics tools to drive our revenue management strategy, including (but not limited to) Market Increases, Promotion investment Effectiveness, Mix Management and Volume-based Initiatives.
Identify opportunities for pricing focused research and work across support teams such as Insights and Category Management to assess multiple applications for common research studies. Team up with cross-functional partners to lead the development and dissemination of pricing research.
Support Region Revenue Management Teams with leadership on strategic projects, training & development.
Liaise with brand & channel teams to support business reviews and price-based opportunity assessment, implementation, track execution and post-review.
Leverage Nielsen syndicated data, STR Data, POS and Nielsen Analytics for price elasticity/GI price elasticity, and modeled market simulations to optimize pricing and ROI of investments.
The Other Qualifications:
You have a bachelors degree
5 years’ experience in pricing— preferably within the Consumer Product Goods industry, consulting firm, or market research company
Knowledge of pricing & price promotion dynamics utilizing syndicated data (ACNielsen, IRI)
Excellent Microsoft Excel skills and good relational database management Experience successfully working in functional and cross-functional teams
Knowledge of financial planning processes & valuation practices a plus
You love a challenge. You complete complex projects quickly and adeptly with your understanding of the business priorities. You act with appropriate urgency to various market events and trends that require a quick turnaround in plans and strategy
You are confident and competent. You are diplomatic, professional and exercise great judgment in developing and maintaining excellent business relationships within the business
You are serious about results, and take pride in a proven track record in delivering
You have a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Economics or other relevant field
Work Perks that You Need to Know About:
As the world’s family brewer we have the scale to make big things happen and still get to know colleagues on a first name basis across the globe
We play our part to make a difference – from charitable donations to hitting the streets together to build parks – giving back to the community is part of our culture and who we are.
Flexible work programs that support work life balance all year
You can become a Certified Beer Enthusiast through in-house training that includes everything from brewing techniques to beer tasting and food pairings
Access to cool brand clothing and swag, top events, beer allotment
Participation in our Total Rewards program with a competitive base salary, incentive plans, parental leave, health, dental benefits
Work within a fast paced and innovative company, meeting passionate colleagues and partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences
At Molson Coors we seek diversity. Differing perspectives lead to challenging the expected, which keeps new ideas bubbling up. We’re an equal opportunity employer and invite applications from candidates from all backgrounds, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic. We take pride in celebrating our unique brew.

Nearest Major Market: Chicago

Apply now »
