About JLL Technologies

JLL is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. Our vision is to re-imagine the world of real estate, creating rewarding opportunities and amazing spaces where people can achieve their ambitions. In doing so, we will build a better tomorrow for our clients, our people and our communities.

JLL Technologies is a specialized group within JLL. At JLL Technologies, our mission is to bring technology innovation to commercial real estate. We deliver unparalleled digital advisory, implementation, and services solutions to organizations globally. Our goal is to leverage technology to increase the value and liquidity of the world's buildings, while enhancing the productivity and the happiness of those that occupy them.

What this job involves:

We are seeking an expert data modeler for JLLT’s Americas Market business and Global corporate functions (including HR, Finance, Legal, etc). Specifically, she or he will be the primary resource to assist JLLT’s corporate data management function in designing, implementing and optimizing data storage strategies in support of the JLL global businesses.

Qualified candidates must be customer-oriented, business-focused, and analytically driven with required technical expertise and consulting skills. This role is based in the US with the flexibility to travel up to 10%. This position will report to the Executive Director, Lead Enterprise Data Architect of JLLT. It is an individual contributor role that interfaces with stakeholders in technology groups, the business, vendors, and clients.

This role will be responsible for designing, implementing and optimizing storage models within JLLT's data management platforms and environments:
Working closely with the product management team to understand data to develop common data models for the core entities for Transactional and Analytical use
Creating, implementing, optimizing and maintaining conceptual, logical and physical database models in both relational and non-relational environments
Documenting functional requirements and system specifications into the data architecture and detailed design specifications for current and proposed designs
Demonstrating proactive approaches to identifying issues and presenting solutions and options, and where appropriate, leading to resolution
Maintaining highly effective and consistent communication within the team, peers, and the leadership team
Sound like you? Before you apply it’s worth knowing what we are looking for:

Required Qualifications, Skills & Experience
3 or more years of data management related experience such as data analysis, data governance, enterprise information management, data architecture, and data quality management. Good
Bachelor’s degree with IT, business, computer science or technical focus preferred.
Deep understanding of data transfer formats such as XML, JSON, Avro, and Parquet, their differences and when they should be applied
Fluent with ANSI SQL
Ability to understand the differences between Analytic, Operational, Reference, and Master Data and design models which fit the storage and publication of these types
Experience with real time (event based) architectures
Ability to clearly communicate complex technical ideas, regardless of the technical capacity of the audience
Ability to influence key stakeholders & evangelize cross functional teams to adopt/implement common data model
Commercial real estate industry experience is highly preferred.
Analytics experience desired, i.e. data visualization, data analytics, data mining, business intelligence, etc.
Understanding of master data management of property, location, B2B/ B2C client, party and market is a huge plus.
Strong presentation skills.
Experience working in large global organizations with geographically dispersed teams and complex technical environments
Experience with data modelling tools Erwin/Visio/ER Studio/XMLSpy/Embarcadero
Comfortable working remote and ability to lead productive discussions via email, instant messaging, and conference call meetings and with variety of internal customers.
What you can expect from us:

We’re an entrepreneurial, inclusive culture. We succeed together—across the desk and around the globe. We believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.

Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your ambitions in career, recognition, well-being, benefits and pay. We’ll offer you a competitive salary and benefits package.

With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see

where your ambitions take you at JLL.

Apply today

#LI

JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

California Residents only

If you are a California resident as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) please view our Supplemental Privacy Statementwhich describes your rights and disclosures about your personal information. If you are viewing this on a mobile device you may want to view the CCPA version on a larger device.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a full copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
