Introduction


ASML US, including its affiliates and subsidiaries, bring together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler, Arizona, San Jose and San Diego, California, Wilton, Connecticut, and Hillsboro, Oregon.

Job Mission


Performs Statistical analysis and predictive modeling of laser and business performance using corporate databases.Evaluates, from a reliability standpoint, the materials, properties and techniques used in production. Advises design engineering on selection, application and test of electronic components and systems. Recommends design or test methods and statistical process control procedures for achieving required levels of product reliability. Determines reliability requirements of components and systems to achieve company, customer and any governmental agency reliability objectives. Develops new acceleration techniques and analytical tools to assure the early identification of potential problems with new products, packaging, processes, and product reliability. Makes recommendations for changes in the selection and application of components and systems.

This position may require access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require the Company to proceed with candidates who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.

Job Description
Participate in project planning meetings, develop compliance project support schedules and budgets.
Support product development in design reviews, outsource supplier reviews, sample reviews, etc.
Perform, coordinate, and document Hazard Analyses and Risk Assessment of modules, subsystems, and systems.
Coordinate external evaluations and certifications of products, accessories, subassemblies, and components.
Propose changes in design to improve system and / or process Reliability as a part of qualification process in program development.
Assists with documenting and tracking corrective actions, and participate in resolving safety & compliance issues.
Perform and document industrial hygiene sampling tests, electrical and mechanical measurements.Write and assemble Technical Files.
Assist in writing, assembling, and maintaining files of product safety & regulatory compliance reports.
Review and edit compliance reports generated by NRTL’s and third-party organizations.
Contribute to product documentation through safety guidance, manuals reviews, and procedure reviews.
Statistical analysis as necessary for laser performance, for all aspects of business
Predictive modeling of business and laser performance
Develop and maintain stat server analytics
Evaluate the reliability of designs, processes, and materials using tools such as DFMEA, PFMEA, acceleration techniques
Participate in project specification and requirements reviews and then determine relevant reliability test plans
Execute and monitor progress of reliability and qualification tests.
Analyze test data and produce formal reports for customers
Perform reliability calculations (e.g., FITs), and root cause analysis of failures
Assess the reliability consequences of engineering changes
Performs other duties as assigned.
Participates on other company cross functional teams and projects as required to drive reliability improvement.
Education
Requires Bachelor’s Degree in Optics / Optical Engineering.Master’s degree Optics / Optical Engineering preferred.
Experience
Minimum of one to three years of relevant, work related experience is required.
Experience in the development of industrial or semiconductor manufacturing equipment, preferred.
Professional continued education training in areas of electrical safety standards, laser safety, SEMI standards, CE Mark Directives, and/or environmental regulation – preferred.
Experience in coordinating and completing Nationally Recognized Testing Labs (NRTL) approvals for products and components.
Experience with analytical software tools
Experience working in a multi-cultural, multi-lingual environment is an advantage
Knowledge including the fundamentals of electrical safety, laser safety, and pressurized gas safety.
Knowledge of lithography and/or Lasers a plus
Knowledge of semiconductor industry standards & guidelines (SEMI).
Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Understanding in safety methodologies (Risk Assessment, Hazard Analysis, FMEA, etc.)
Basic project management skills for facilitating simultaneous projects and tasks.
Ability to communicate with and influence design teams and customers
Ability to read, understand and follow manufacturer specifications and instructions.
Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
Able to work effectively on a cross-functional development team
Personal skills
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Strong customer focus and commitment to customer satisfaction through prioritization, quality, efficiency and professionalism.
Ability to complete assignments with attention to detail and high degree of accuracy.
Proven ability to perform effectively in a demanding environment with changing workloads.
Result driven-demonstrate ownership and accountability.
Identifies bottlenecks and drives improvements.
Work independently or as part of a team and follow through on assignments with minimal supervision.
Demonstrate open, clear, concise and professional communication.
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with co-workers and customer.
Work according to a strict set of procedures within the provided timelines.
Other information
Routinely required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch. Occasionally required to move around the campus.
Occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
May require travel (specify domestic and/or international) dependent on business needs – specify percentage of travel.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Strong customer focus and commitment to customer satisfaction through prioritization, quality, efficiency and professionalism.
Ability to complete assignments with attention to detail and high degree of accuracy.
Proven ability to perform effectively in a demanding environment with changing workloads and deadlines.
Result driven-demonstrate ownership and accountability.
Identifies bottlenecks and drives improvements.
Work independently or as part of a team and follow through on assignments with minimal supervision.
Demonstrate open, clear, concise and professional communication.
Ability to establish and maintain cooperative working relationships with manager, co-workers and customer.
Work according to a strict set of procedures within the provided timelines.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
