The driving force behind our success has always been the people of AspenTech. What drives us, is our aspiration, our desire and ambition to keep pushing the envelope, overcoming any hurdle, challenging the status quo to continually find a better way. You will experience these qualities of passion, pride and aspiration in many ways — from a rich set of career development programs to support of community service projects to social events that foster fun and relationship building across our global community.

The Role
AspenTech is looking for a Senior Data Scientist to help build the next generation of Autonomous Production Optimization solutions for the petroleum refining and petrochemical industries. As a Senior Data Scientist you will leverage your skills and passion for Statistics, Machine Learning, AI and Cognitive Computing to drive AspenTech’s Asset Optimization strategy by developing groundbreaking software solutions for modeling and analytics for process manufacturing.
Your Impact
Design and develop new machine learning and cognitive computing applications for the chemicals and refining industries
Collaborate with customers, product managers, designers and developers to understand customer needs and translate them into product requirements and specifications
Investigate new and developing technologies as they appear in industry and academia and determine how to leverage these new technologies into our software applications
Contribute to Aspen Technology’s intellectual property footprint in the space of AI
What You'll Need
Master’s degree in Science or Engineering with a strong quantitative focus, such as Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Chemometrics, Econometrics, AI, or a related quantitative field; PhD preferred.
5+ years of experience in data analysis and software development/programming
Strong track record of experience in Python programming, including data science specific packages, such as Pandas, Numpy, TensorFlow, PyTorch, Scikit-Learn etc.
Knowledge in C++ or C# is preferred, Julia is a bonus.
A track record of academic publications related to data science, AI and/or process optimization is preferred. So are a public GitHub stack and contributions to open source packages.
Experience with time series analysis, predictive analytics, machine learning algorithms, data mining, cognitive computing
Familiarity with big data and cloud technologies
Familiarity with chemical engineering or related fields is a big plus
Problem-solving ability and attention to details
Excellent interpersonal, communication, writing, and presentation skills
Demonstrated ability to convey complex information in a clear and concise manner
