Job Detail
Job Title:
Data Analyst - Rush Infectious Diseases
Department:
Infectious Dis Admin
Shift:
1st
Full/Part:
Active Regular FT (72 to 80 hours per pay period)
Specialty:
Data Analysis
Job Number:
2020-1777

Job Description:


The Rush Infectious Diseases Department is currently seeking an experienced Data Analyst to join their dynamic team.

Position Highlights:

The Chicago Prevention and Intervention Epicenter (Chicago PIE) is the core of a $10 million CDC-funded research program with the overarching goal of preventing healthcare-associated infections. One of only eleven Prevention Epicenters in the U.S., we have been funded continuously since 2006. Current investigations include monitoring the regional transmission of carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae using whole genome sequencing and phylogenetic analysis, investigating and improving skin antisepsis in critically ill patients to reduce the risk of invasive infection, and characterizing the relationship between the gastrointestinal microbiome and risk of multidrug resistant organism transmission and infection. We collaborate with investigators across the nation to advance the field of infection prevention and discover new ways to protect patients. For more information: https://www.cdc.gov/hai/epicenters/chicago.html. The Data Analyst is responsible for collecting data, quality control of the databases, and statistical analysis of data. The Data Analyst will collect and analyze data, interpret results, and submit reports and recommendations to the research team. The Data Analyst will support and help the research team interpret results from the analysis and corresponding reports. The Data Analyst will work under the supervision of the Senior Data Analyst. Exemplifies the Rush mission, vision and values and acts in accordance with Rush policies and procedures.

Position Responsibilities:

This position may be responsible for one or more of the following:
Coordinates data management including collection, entry, manipulation, analysis and reporting.
Provides timely data analysis that relates research projects at Rush.
Writes SQL queries to extract data from databases for analysis.
Assists in the development of data storage, including methods for quality control.
Uses statistical approaches to analyze data from multiple sources and synthesizes results into meaningful reports and presentations.
Maintains data security and confidentiality of all activities.
Coordinates and prepares reports for internal and external audiences.
Works closely with research lab personnel to determine the best and most efficient ways to organize and enter lab research data into the various databases.
Works closely with the Principal investigators, Statisticians, etc. to adjust the analytical tools and reports.
Required Position Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree.
2 years of experience.
Understanding of concepts in methodology, data collection, and analyses.
Proficient with medical terminology.
Data management experience.
Knowledgeable in database rules, writing queries, and relational database creation and management (create, query, relate).
Unique combinations of both hard and soft skills in order to prepare, analyze, and present data.
Proficient in the use of statistical software and techniques in the analysis and interpretation of complex data sets. SAS and Microsoft Access experience preferred.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient computer skills including query tools, web-based applications, word processing, spreadsheets, graphs, PowerPoint, and database management.
Ability to manage multiple projects essential.
Ability to work independently or in groups.
Ability to prioritize time.
Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.
Ability to collaborate in cross-functional and interdisciplinary quality improvement teams at every level of the medical center.
Advanced ability to create summary reports using statistical tools, charts, and graphs.
Company Highlights:
Rush was recently ranked first for Quality and Accountability among US academic medical centers in a study conducted by the health care performance improvement company Vizient.
The Association for the Accreditation of Human Research Protection Programs (AAHRPP) has awarded Rush full accreditation for three years. Rush is one of the first academic medical centers in Illinois to receive this accreditation.
As an academic medical center, Rush University Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois, is committed to advancing medical knowledge through research. Investigators at Rush are involved in more than 1,600 projects, including hundreds of clinical studies to test the effectiveness and safety of new therapies and medical devices, as well as to expand scientific and medical knowledge.
RUMC offers a competitive salary, outstanding benefits & the professional advantages of an environment that supports your development & recognizes your achievements.
Rush University is home to one of the first medical colleges in the Midwest and one of the nation's top-ranked nursing colleges, as well as graduate programs in allied health, health systems management and biomedical research.
Rush is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics.

Complete Application
