Job Description
Company Description

At Northwestern Medicine, every patient interaction makes a difference in cultivating a positive workplace. This patient-first approach is what sets us apart as a leader in the healthcare industry. As an integral part of our team, youll have the opportunity to join our quest for better healthcare, no matter where you work within the Northwestern Medicine system. At Northwestern Medicine, we pride ourselves on providing competitive benefits: from tuition reimbursement and loan forgiveness to 401(k) matching and lifecycle benefits, we take care of our employees. Ready to join our quest for better?

Job Description

- TECHNICAL RESPONSIBILITIES - Performs all aspects of pre-analytic workflow appropriate for the specific laboratory section to ensure orders are entered correctly, specimens collected are appropriate for the test ordered and are correctly process/transported. - Verifies order where necessary. - Verifies non-patient information (e.g., collection time) according to established protocol. - Handles unresolved orders, troubleshoots where needed. - Verifies with physician and/or nurses prior to LIS order entry to resolve unclear, duplicate or otherwise ambiguous orders. - Verifies specimens for add-on tests are available and acceptable and generates add-on test orders. - Recognizes when fraud and abuse compliance issues require adjustments to the test order. - Collecting, receiving and processing of specimens- Verifies specimens are correctly and completely labeled upon receipt. Evaluates specimens for appropriateness and takes necessary corrective action. Appropriately documents unacceptable specimens. - Prioritizes specimen processing based on established priorities. - Aliquots specimens according to established protocols. - Recognizes when fraud and abuse compliance issues require adjustments to the test order. - Performs all aspects of analytical testing appropriate for the specific laboratory section. - Maintains test system integrity:- Performs preventative maintenance on instruments/equipment in a timely fashion according to defined schedule. - Verifies reagents and supplies meet defined acceptability criteria upon receipt and prior to use; takes action to ensure unacceptable items are removed from use. - Ensures that sufficient reagents and supplies necessary for test performance are available. Notifies senior staff when minimum inventory level is encountered. - Performs and records all necessary quality control (QC) required for test system performance. - Evaluates QC results and takes necessary corrective actions according to established protocol. - Performs specimen preparation: - Performs any necessary pretest specimen preparation according to protocols (e.g., microbiology plating, cell cultures, filtering, extraction, separation, elution absorption, etc.). - Performs tests: - Prioritizes testing based on assignment or established priorities, completes testing within defined turn-around-times. - Recognizes the need for and follows any age-specific protocols. - Responds effectively to changes in the workflow by coordinating a simultaneous series of tests when needed or adjusting work to incorporate STAT tests or fluctuations in work volume. - Monitors daily workflow, overseeing and adjusting staff assignments (e.g., breaks, tasks) and priorities, to meet service levels. - Performs technical review and interpretation: - Reviews results for completeness, correctness, and consistency within defined test system. - Evaluates test results/reactions and provides accurate interpretations as appropriate to include correlation with, and integration of, other patient data as necessary. - Performs visual interpretation/identifications as appropriate. - Recognizes unusual test results/interpretations and complete indicated reflex testing or other follow-up actions. - Follows established notification protocols for critical values, phone/fax results requests, abnormalities. - Troubleshoots and solves problems: - Recognizes test system performance problems and takes necessary corrective actions. - Recognizes when unresolved problems need to be escalated and takes necessary follow-up action. - Prints pending logs and follows-up to ensure pending tests are completed or cancelled when appropriate. - Post-test specimen storage: - Stores specimens and related materials (blood, slides, tissues, etc) according to protocols for location and duration. - Retrieves specimen and related materials when needed. - Performs all aspects of the post-analytic workflow appropriate for thespecific laboratory section to ensure accurate results are reported within established time frames, specimens are retained appropriately, test results and/or current status are available upon inquiry, and billed charges are correct for testing performed. - Verifies and reports results: - Verifies results according to procedure. - Performs computer functions necessary for releasing results. - Generates written reports according to established protocol. - Reviews printed reports when applicable, recognizes problems and escalates according to protocol. - Amends reports: - Corrects erroneous reports and amends reports according to procedure. - Responds to inquiries: - Responds to requests for information according to established protocol for confidentiality and release of information. - Recognizes when unresolved inquiries need to be escalated and take action. - Stores documents and records: - Stores documents and records according to established protocol. - Charge capture/billing: - Performs billing and/or enters credits for tests and services when applicable. - Recognizes billing problems and escalates accordingly. - Universal responsibilities: - Ensures quality of operations: - Follows written standard operating procedures. - Operates instruments/equipment according to protocol. - Uses computers according to established protocol; follows downtime procedures as required. - Performs required Quality System responsibilities. - Meets competency standards of the department. - Participates in the training of new employees and students. - Performs operational review of new procedures. - Participates in new test development and implementation. - Attends at least one personal development session per year. - Performs other duties as assigned, or as needed, to ensure continued quality of operations. - Ensures safety of operations: - Follows all required safety procedures, uses personal protective equipment appropriate for tasks performed. - Maintains clean and organized work area. - Provides service excellence: - Answers telephones when needed, using NMH telephone etiquette. - Maintains patient confidentiality. - Assists patients and other contacts whenever need occurs.

Qualifications

Required: - Bachelors Degree in Medical Technology/MLS, Chemistry, Biology, or Allied Health. - Appropriate education credits as defined in CLIA 88 regulations to qualify individual as a Medical Technologist.

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
