Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for MDM Data Analyst for a client in Houston, TX. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must have 6+ years of experience working as Data Analyst and having expertise with industry standards, regulations, and guidelines in database warehousing and other relevant systems. Proven experience of creating and maintaining documentation of Master Data processes for all domains. Prior working experience with domain structures, user authentication, digital signatures, and relational databases. Expertise to ensure quality of master data in key systems, as well as development and documentation of processes with other functional data owners to support ongoing maintenance and data integrity. Knowledge of end-to-end MDM development process and experience of Full lifecycle implementation. Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. Nice to Have Bachelor's degree in information science, data management, computer science or related field. Note Applicants must have valid work authorization in the United States and must be local to the given location, as visa sponsorship is not available at this time. Contact Information Talent Advocate Jordan Contact 213-457-0534 Email resumearthurlawrence.net About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business applications implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enables organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are an UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgements from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twice in 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest growing companies of America. Named one of the top ten fastest growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJ s Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more details visit www.arthurlawrence.net
