It's fun to work at a company where people truly believe in what they are doing!

Job Description:

Who we are / why you should be interested
As the market leader in eDiscovery spend management solutions, Epiq Global is already a trusted partner to Fortune 500 and AmLaw Firms, helping our clients radically reduce their overall legal costs and drive better outcomes
The newly formed Legal Operations Solutions group will extend on the successes of Epiq to help law firms and legal departments identify new ways to optimize their business and manage costs effectively with the latest people, process, and technology advancements.
If you like helping clients gain insight into their business using data and are looking to build a new business, this role may be for you!
What we need
We are currently seeking a Sr. Analyst to lead spend analysis and spend management engagements. This role requires an analytics expert with a passion for telling a data-driven story to clients
What will you be doing
You will work closely with clients to capture data, analyze and identify spend management opportunities that have actionable outcomes.
You will develop clear, concise, and meaningful presentations that will be shared with Executive-level stakeholders
You will be client facing from day 1, helping to capture information and present results to senior leaders
This role will be delivery focused, but you will also support continuous improvement efforts of Epiqs spend analysis solution offerings.
As needed, you will work in partnership with Epiqs account management team to drive forward certain initiatives, and help them to validate the benefits of any implemented spend management strategies
What we are looking for
Deep experience in spend analysis and spend management
Prior hands-on experience in implementing follow-on spend management strategies, such as RFPs, pricing & workflow re-design, and ongoing reporting
Advanced Excel and Powerpoint user
Experience working with business intelligence tools (Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI)
Interest in automating and standardizing processes
Excellent client presenter, able to interpret and provide context on results
Experience Required
Bachelors degree required, MBA a plus
5-7 years experience in spend analysis or a related data-focused field
Knowledge of Legal Operations or Law Firm pricing a plus
Travel:
Occasional and as needed
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!

It is Epiqs policy to comply with all applicable equal employment opportunity laws by making all employment decisions without unlawful regard or consideration of any individuals race, religion, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expressions, transgender status, sexual and other reproductive health decisions, marital status, age, national origin, genetic information, ancestry, citizenship, physical or mental disability, veteran or family status or any other basis protected by applicable national, federal, state, provincial or local law. Epiqs policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on any of these impermissible bases, as well as any bases or grounds protected by applicable law in each jurisdiction. In addition Epiq will take affirmative action for minorities, women, covered veterans and individuals with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. Epiq is pleased to provide such assistance and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request. Pursuant to relevant law, where applicable, Epiq will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
