Are you ready to take the next step in your career? Do you want to do meaningful work that improves quality of life? At Tetra Tech, you will work with high-performing teams who are passionate about using their expertise to find solutions to complex problems in water, environment, infrastructure, resource management, energy, and international development.Summary:We are seeking an Environmental Scientist/Geologist to provide support for an environmental due diligence contract. This position will work on Phase I and/or II Environmental Site Assessments (ESAs), reviewing Environmental Data Resources, Inc. (EDR) Reports or similar database reports, and navigating environmental regulations.Responsibilities:* Report writing;* Develop work plans, reports, and proposals for various types of investigations and assessments;* Quality control of due diligence related documents; and* Other duties may be assigned.Requirements:* B.S. Degree in Engineering, Geology, Environmental Science, or other environmental related degree.* At least one year of experience providing support in an environmental capacity. Experience with Phase I and II ESAs, EDR or other similar database reports, and federal and state environmental regulations preferred.* Candidate must be able and available to travel via land and/or air and possess a valid driver's license in good standing.* Candidate must be highly motivated, customer focused, and work well in a professional and team-oriented environment.About Tetra Tech:Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science® to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits.For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.tetratech.com. To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at www.tetratech.com/careers.We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions.EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agenciesAdditional Information* Organization: 212 OGA
