Position Summary:

Plans, supervises, and directs research, investigation, or other technical operations. Provides technical expertise to facilitate the design, implementation, and analysis of procedures, techniques, and results, which enables investigators to conduct research projects.

IMM - Stem Cell Research

Full Time

TMC location

Exempt

The nature of research is cancer research. Lab is working on investigating various signalings in hematological malignancies. Seeking highly qualified person who can conduct 2-3 projects at the same time. First author papers are required.

Position Key Accountabilities:
Create and conduct experiments.
Process and analyze results and data.
Write manuscripts.
Leads multiple projects.
Required to produce at least one manuscript per year.
Communicate results to the scientific community via published papers.
Present ongoing work and findings to colleagues at academic conferences, and summaries the nature of the research, methodology and results.
Teach, demonstrate to or supervise students and train and supervise other members of staff.
Devise or help to draw up new research proposals and apply for funding.
Work in multidisciplinary teams, in different faculties or schools in academia.
Carry out peer reviews of written publications and presentations to validate theories and inform research.
Keep up to date with the work of other scientists.
Other duties as assigned.
Prefer several years of postdoctoral research training experience in relevant fields with first author papers. Fluent speaking English and writing skills are required.

Certification/Skills:

None.

Minimum Education:

Doctorate Degree.

Minimum Experience:

Two (2) years of experience in a related research environment and have verifiable publications within the field of the research project.

Physical Requirements:

Exerts up to 20 pounds of force occasionally, and/or up to 10 pounds of force frequently, and/or negligible amount of force constantly to move objects.
This position may include work involving potentially hazardous chemical, biological or radioactive agents.

Security Sensitive:

This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code ยง 51.215
