Data Analyst, Tax (Affordable Care Act) (ACA) (Manager) (Multiple Positions), Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, Chicago, IL.Responsible for all data efforts/analysis of assigned clients that provide data for the ACA, and assisting the Engagement Manager and Subject Matter Professional on specific client engagements. Ensure ability to execute analysis of data and report generation. Perform ongoing monitoring and quality assurance of deliverables prepared either by self of team members to clients or for internal purposes. Provide ongoing training and direction to team members. Perform regular quality assurance review of all assigned client data files and report all applicable issues to the business owner for review and resolution by the client. Conduct client calls, review data specifications, answer client questions regarding data requirements, and provide specific feedback on data received. Understand deliverables provided to client and explain outcomes from data provided. Maintain and protect data integrity. and maintain configuration of data. Provide second-level quality review of data captured in the reports. Create, audit, modify and amend data using SQL commands and custom queries. Provide support to the account management team while collaborating with the data team to ensure overall understanding of all involved in the data captured for the reports. Perform independent analysis of all data captured to ensure accuracy and quality deliverables. Work with MS Office products (i.e., MS Access, Excel, Word). Review data and determine the usability of said data.Full time employment, Monday - Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:A Bachelor's Degree in Accounting, Finance, Technology or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate, related work experience; or a Master's degree in Accounting, Finance, Technology or a related field and 4 years of related work experience.Must have 2 years of experience with ETL solutions, including SSIS and Clover, and Microsoft SQL.Must have 4 years of experience using Microsoft Office, including Excel and Access.Must have 2 years of experience with tax/finance related concepts or working for a company providing tax, accounting, and/or financial services.Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, experience or training.TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on "Find jobs" (Job Number - CHI008Y7).EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
