Position Data Modeler Location Houston,TX Duration Long Term Job Description BSBA degree with 6+ years of experience Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines Understanding of architecture and design across all systems Working proficiency in developmental toolsets Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionate about building an innovative culture Proficiency in one or more Database Platforms Language SQL, Oracle, Teradata, Hadoop, Cassandra and Hive, Data Modeling ERWin, TOAD, Collaboration Tools Confluence, JIRA Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance and software improvement Gather and Publish Data Dictionaries Maintain data models in ERwin. Capture data models from existing databases, and record descriptive information into Erwin. Identify business needs, organize and define data, create and maintain Conceptual, Logical and Physical data models Maintain appropriate Version Control on data models. Participate in the de-normalization of the data model, ensuring that business rules which are impacted during de-normalization are implemented via an alternate mechanism (i.e. trigger, application code). Closely work with the App Dev team and DBA to create an appropriate Conceptual, Logical and Physical Data Model. Present data designs and project approaches to the DRB for review and approval, and ensure all DRB artifacts are created. Generate DDL and validate that the DDL is implemented properly. Identify opportunities to reuse data and reduce redundancy in data across the enterprise A Little about Photon Photon is the largest and fastest growing provider of Mobile First Omni-Channel Experiences. We work with over 30 of the Fortune 100 companies. Our omni-channel presence touch over 120 million consumers every day and we have the largest pool of omni-channel engineers with over 3,400 engineers across offices in US, India, Indonesia and the Netherlands. We are the dominant providers of omni-channel solutions for Fortune 100 companies. We define omni-channel today as broadly comprising of 5 prominent areas - Consumer Facing Mobile Applications Associate or Employee Facing Mobile Applications Adaptive Responsive Web Presences In-Store Digital Presences API Platforms Blueprints. Interested candidates may email their resumes to diwakaran.nphotoninfotech.net. Or contact Diwakaran Tel 510-578-0561 Extn 9056.
