Senior Manager- Data science/Operations research- Analytics & AI, Full-time, Remote working with some travel

About the Role:

Job Title: Senior Manager- Data science/Operations research- Analytics & AI

Required Skills & Experience:

Advanced Degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Computer Science or other quantitative subject.

Excellent data science skills -hands on knowledge of new data science technologies

10 years of experience, hands-on + Management & Leadership

5+ years of experience leveraging quantitative analysis, analytics, and data science to solve business problems, preferably within a large operations, customer service.

2+ years of experience managing data scientists/analysts

Experience with scientific/statistical languages such as R or Python

Experience Supply Chain Operational Analytics, Price Optimization, Competitive Intelligence etc.

Experience implementing production strength Advanced analytics solutions from concept to full-scale implementation.

Experience working directly with business teams to drive results;

Intelligent but practical; you want to get things done and love simplicity

Excellent presenter, influencer, and writer

Your passion for execution and zeal to become a leader capable of taking on anything is enough reason for us to talk immediately!

Need more details?

Trianz is growing at a faster pace than the industry for the last five years. Read through some of the key industry recognitions we have received for our innovative execution and strategic client initiatives here.

About Trianz

Trianz simplifies digital evolutions through effective strategies and excellence in execution. Collaborating with business and technology leaders, we help formulate and execute operational strategies to achieve intended business outcomes by bringing the best of consulting, technology experiences and execution models. Powered by knowledge, research, and perspectives, we enable clients to transition to a digital enterprise by leveraging Cloud, Analytics, Digital, Infrastructure and Security paradigms. With offices in Silicon Valley, Washington DC Metro, Rosemont, Chicago, Austin, Boston, Denver, Irvine, Raleigh, San Francisco, Seattle, New York, Dubai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Chennai, we serve Fortune 1000 and emerging organizations across industries globally. For more information, visit www.trianz.com.

Trianz is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, gender, religion, disability, age, political affiliation or belief, disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or citizenship status (except in those special circumstances permitted or mandated by law).
