We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.

Overview:

As a data scientist and machine learning software engineer on Halliburton Digital Solution team, you are responsible to deliver digital solutions which can achieve measurable business results through collaborating with subject matter experts in businesses, applying common open source libraries for building data analytics models, prototyping data driven digital tools to tackle business problems. We are looking for top talents who enjoy learning and contributing to our team through creative and innovative thinking.

Job Responsibilities:
Efficiently extract large scale complex business data (time series data, structured/unstructured) from various data sources and prepare them for data analytics.
Partner with product experts, leverage common open source Machine Learning/Deep Learning packages for identifying data patterns/trends or building predictive models.
Deploy solutions to business units using software technologies to generate measurable values for businesses.
Grasp the application of the latest machine learning & artificial intelligence open source packages, cloud and distributed computing technologies to ensure the best technologies are implemented to meet businesses’ data challenges.


Required Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree in Data Science, Computer Science, or Math, or Statistics.
For candidates who hold an engineering degree, we require candidates have taken data science classes already.
7 years of experiences with a minimum of 2 years experiences in extracting the data, using common classification or regression open source packages through R or Python.
Has basic knowledge with big data platforms like Hadoop, Hive, or Phoenix, as well as knowledge in parallel programming, and distributed computing frameworks like Spark.
Preferred Qualifications:
Advanced degree in in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science, or Engineering:
5 years of experiences with a Master’s degree
2 years of experiences with a PhD degree.
Has experience with open source machine learning packages and deep learning packages provided by Microsoft Azure, Amazon AWS, or Google GCP (such as Scikit-learn, Azure ML, TensorFlow, Sagemaker).
Interview process:

Potential candidates are required to pass a data challenge test before on-site interview can be scheduled.

Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.

Location

3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States

Job Details

Requisition Number: 87825
Experience Level: Experienced Hire
Job Family: Engineering/Science/Technology
Product Service Line: Global R&D
Full Time / Part Time: Full Time

Additional Locations for this position:

Compensation Information
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.
