To support the continued growth of our large-scale, fully-automated quantitative trading across global financial markets, Quantlab is seeking a Quantitative Research Scientist to add to our team in Houston, TX. Candidates will apply rigorous statistical methods on a wide range of datasets leveraging Quantlab’s world-class research and trading infrastructure in a challenging, informal, and intellectually-stimulating environment.

What you’ll do:
Monitor, maintain, and enhance our proprietary, systematic trading strategies
Analyze electronic market data from across the world to uncover patterns and correlations
Conduct research and statistical analysis to build and refine monetization systems for trading signals
Back-test and implement trading models and signals in an active, live trading environment
Collaborate extensively within teams
What you’ll have:
PhD or MS in math, physics, engineering, operations research or other highly-quantitative field
Solid mathematical and analytical ability; exceptional problem-solving and modeling ability
Strong knowledge of probability and statistics
Experience working with large simulation or experimental data sets
Scripting and programming knowledge (e.g. bash, Python, C++)
Enjoy solving complex, difficult, real-world problems
Self-motivated and highly-productive, with a strong sense of ownership and urgency
Independent research experience, history of peer-reviewed publications
Strong written and verbal communication skills and experience achieving results in a collaborative environment
Finance knowledge is NOT required, but industry experience (such as alpha generation research and/or implementation and maintenance of trading signals acting on daily/weekly, or longer time scales) is a plus
What you’ll get:
The unique opportunity to work alongside talented and passionate experts who take pride in delivering results
Attractive compensation and bonus structure with the opportunity to participate in a profit based incentive program
Generous benefit plan structure including an option for fully paid health insurance premiums for individuals
Free catered lunches every day with snacks and beverages provided daily
Weekly in-house professional massages, tickets to sporting and theater events
Company paid onsite gym membership
Training and development opportunities
Pre-tax transportation contributions
Casual dress
Company events, often including employees' families
Please note that some benefits (such as catered lunches, massages, and onsite gym memberships) are not currently available due to the global pandemic. Quantlab intends to reinstate the paused benefits when feasible.

Who we are:

Quantlab is a quantitative trading firm where Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is a pioneer in quantitative algorithmic trading. Behind our success is our people. We hire some of the smartest and most passionate programmers and quants in the world.

The firm is privately held with headquarters in Houston, and offices in Boston, Chicago, Denver, New Jersey, New York, Austin, and Amsterdam. We are 1 part Wall Street, 2 parts software development firm, 3 parts Los Alamos National Laboratory, and 4 parts Tony Stark's garage.

Why you should work with us:

Quantlab is constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware, to highly optimized operating systems. Team members at Quantlab enjoy the collaborative and results driven atmosphere. We follow the mantra of “we can do it better.” Quantlab attracts very talented people who bring innovative and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement. Quantlab is a place “where the best get better.”

Quantlab is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. Only search firms with valid, written agreements with Quantlab should submit resumes in response to Quantlab’s posted positions. All resumes submitted by search firms to Quantlab via e-mail, the Internet, personal delivery, facsimile, or any other method without a valid written agreement shall be deemed the sole property of Quantlab, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Quantlab.
