About National Oilwell Varco
Every single day, we put the oil and gas industry’s best minds and more than 150 years of experience to work to help our customers achieve lasting success. We have the people, capabilities, and vision to serve the needs of a significant and evolving industry. One the world can’t live without.

Throughout every region in the world, and across every area of drilling and production, our company provides the technical expertise, advanced equipment and operational support necessary for success – now and in the future.

At NOV, we power the people who power the world.

Job Description

We are currently searching for a data scientist / senior data scientist who has a proven record of designing and implementing predictive analytics solutions. We collaborate in a corporate group that develops, researches, and conducts strategic analytics projects that have a companywide impact on engineering practices and field operations.

Your Responsibilities:
You will have the opportunity to develop data driven predictive models that will lay the foundation for our Predictive Maintenance, Condition Based Maintenance, and Optimized Operations.
You will use past experience in implementing data analytics solutions for challenging engineering and reliability problems on NOV’s product lines.
Working with Big Data infrastructure, Engineering, and Operations, you will develop a scalable and sustainable analytics process.
Your Data Science responsibilities will include Data mining, Feature Extractions, Model Selection, Model Optimization, Validation, and Model Deployment.
You will engage in knowledge management and effective solution delivery.
You will assess risk, benefit, and cost of pre-existing and suggested engineering practices.
Requirements and Preferences:
Are you a motivated self-starter with the dedication to work independently and as part of a team, and an ability to multi-task? Do you have the flexibility and adaptability, to make decisions quickly? Do you thrive in dynamic environments with multiple changing priorities, where prioritization and time management are necessary tools? You may be a good fit for our team, if you also meet the following requirements:
You have 2-5 years of successful technical experience in the domain of predictive analytics (e.g. machine learning, data mining, distributed computing, and statistics related work); preferably in the Oil & Gas industry.
Your strong academic qualifications include an advanced degree in a quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, etc.); preferably a PhD.
A consistent track record in data driven reliability and operation efficiency is a plus.
You have programming experience with Python or R, and experience with big data.
Having background with industrial equipment is a large plus. (Rotating machinery, reciprocating machinery, hydraulic systems, structural components, etc...)
Experience with commercial cloud services are also a plus. (AWS, Azure, and/or Google)
You have proven technical, analytical, and empirical skills.
You have a proven history of conducting research and producing viable solutions for engineering problems.
You are skilled in problem analysis and resolution, impact verification, troubleshooting, coaching, facilitation experience, and diagnosing problems across multiple disciplines.
You excel in organizational and analytical skills; you're able to focus and deliver precise results, yet understand impacts across multiple projects and systems.
You have spent time developing with machine learning and statistical models.
You communicate well in English and have good interpersonal skills, with the ability to build trust and integrity in your relationships with our business partners.
We are an equal opportunity employer.
National Oilwell Varco is committed to building a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or any other characteristic protected by law.

We offer a comprehensive employee benefit package including health, life, and disability insurance; a retirement plan; and paid time off. Our company is committed to crafting a lasting impact for ourselves, our customers, and the communities where we live and work.
