Job Summary:

This position is for an Ab Initio Admin who is able to manage the operating system of the echo system.

Activities include:
Managing everything within the environments themselves.
Installing all 30+ program modules on new systems.
Day to day support including tags and promotions of projects/modules from acceptance and production.
Advanced support such as looking at performance irregularities and determining the issue and source, such as what environment is creating the problems..
On site support at client location.
Experience with Ab Initio Administrator Tools, and Linux.
Why Mindteck?
Do you have what it takes to be a Mindtecker? We're a growth-oriented company that values our Consultants' collective expertise, experience, and enthusiasm!

While others "talk the talk, we "walk the walk. Quite simply, WE CARE. About you, your career, our clients, and the communities where we live and work.

We're proud of our long track record of placing thousands of talented individuals in positions where they thrive. We understand the importance of a healthy work-life balance and believe it is critical to our consultant's productivity and overall happiness -- at work and at home.

Just like life, at Mindteck you'll experience a diverse and interesting mix of challenges and opportunities. We'll be there -- by your side, and on your side -- every step of the way. That's the Mindteck difference.

As a Mindteck Consultant, you will be eligible to benefit from our competitive, often above-market compensation structure as well as one of the most attractive and comprehensive benefit packages in the IT Consulting Industry.

Package Overview:
Competitive Salary
401k Retirement Plan
Affordable Medical, Dental, and Vision Plans
Health Savings Account (HSA)
Life/AD&D, Short- and Long-term Disability Benefits
Paid Time Off
Paid Holidays
Sound like you? Join us. Apply today!

Presently, Mindteck employs over 1,000 individuals throughout offices in:
US
UK
Singapore
Malaysia
Bahrain
India
And three development centers (Singapore and India [Kolkata, Bangalore]).
Mindteck is listed on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE 517344) and is among a select group of global companies appraised at Maturity Level 5, Version 1.3 of the CMMI Institute's Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) www.Mindteck.com.

Follow Mindteck:
Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/Mindteckglobal/
LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/mindteck
YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/user/MindteckVideos
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/mindteck?lang=en
Pinterest:
https://www.pinterest.com/mindteck/
