As one of the worlds leading asset managers, we are solely
dedicated to delivering an investment experience that helps people get more out
of life. If you're looking for challenging work, smart colleagues, and a global
employer with a social conscience, explore your potential at Invesco.

*This role is a remote position. We encourage candidates
to apply from any US location.

The Department


Our mission is to create world-class, client-centric
technology solutions that drive competitive advantage, grow our global business
and deliver an investment experience that helps people get more out of life.
This mission is fueled by inventive and cohesive teams, which thrive on
collaboration and shared trust, and leverage diversity of thought. Our success
is driven by our people, which is why we invest heavily in our talent,
promoting continuous learning and development, offering opportunities to work
with emerging technologies and creating the space to discover.

Our high-performing, OneTech team is seeking candidates who
innovate, operate effectively in an agile environment, challenge the status
quo, and are driven to succeed.

Your Role


Were a leading independent investment management firm
seeking a globally minded Principal Data Scientist to spearhead development and
innovation with our Disruptive Technologies team. As a financial services company,
data is our lifeblood. Seriously, we deal in numbers and data all day, every
day, but in this position, you wont be crunching regular ol market data;
youll be responsible for trying to combine financial data with AI models and
emerging tech to create something new and exciting in the world of FinTech.

Sounds intense, right?! It is, but youll also have
incredible opportunities for experimentation, so before you submit your
application, here are some other things you should know about the position:

Invesco isnt for everyone. Everything we do, we do to
deliver a superior investment experience, and excellence is par. Our Technology
team operates under a OneTech mindset, so we are a highly collaborative crew.
That being said while you may be a lone mad scientist with forward-thinking
ideas, that wont fit with the collaboration culture we value to develop the
products we provide. In this position youll be expected to translate your
ideas to your team and motivate them to execute, and to execute at the pace of
technology FAST. This position will be well-suited for someone who is a
dreamer and executer who values speed and innovation. Do you love your work in
data? Good, because this position will be demanding and will challenge you in
the best ways possible, and we expect that if you truly love what you do, this
position will enable you to do amazing things.

You will be responsible for:
You like Big Data, and you
cannot lie. This is essential because you will be responsible for
designing, developing, and implementing Big Data platforms using Cloud
architecture with structured and unstructured data sources. You will be
our proverbial data Zen garden youll be responsible for bringing
clarity to the chaos.
You can bring the complex
algorithms your dreams are made of and make them a reality, and you can
easily analyze and translate the complex models and algorithms of others
dreams.
Perform machine learning
and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative
filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling,
time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation
methods
Analyze and model
structured data using advanced statistical methods and implement
algorithms and software needed to perform analyses
Build recommendation
engines, sentiment analyzers and classifiers for unstructured and
semi-structured data
Perform explanatory data
analysis, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze
historical data to identify patterns
Design rich data visualizations
to communicate complex ideas to customers or company leaders
Utilize state-of-the-art
methods for data mining
Extend IVZ data with third
party sources of information, as required
Process, cleanse, and
verify the integrity of data used for analysis
Perform ad-hoc analysis
and present results in a clear manner
The experience you bring:

10 to 15 years
professional experience
4+ years in financial
services preferred
7+ years of experience
with top-tier firms in big data analytics, management consulting,
or comparable role in corporate setting
4+ years of experience
with machine learning
5+ years of experience
with SQL
Excellent understanding of
machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes,
SVM, Decision Forests, etc.
Good applied statistics
skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Extensive predictive
analytics experience with Python
In-depth knowledge of
statistical software packages (e.g. SAS and R)
Experience with data visualization
tools
Experience with big
data technologies such as Hadoop, R, and Java / MapReduce
Experience with NoSQL
databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase, DynamoDB
Experience with data and
machine learning services using Azure, Amazon Web Services (AWS), and / or
Google Cloud
Familiar with Agile
software development (Scrum is a plus)
DevOps knowledge is a plus
Skills / other personal attributes required:

Comfortable working with
ambiguity (e.g. imperfect data, loosely defined concepts, ideas, or goals)
and translating these into more tangible outputs
Strong analytical and
critical thinking skills
Self-motivated. Capable of
working with little or no supervision
Strong written and verbal
communication skills
Enjoy exciting and thought
provoking work and have a strong desire to learn and progress
Ability to handle multiple
tasks and requests
Must demonstrate a
positive, team-focused attitude
Ability to react
positively under pressure to meet tight deadlines
Good inter-personal skills
combined with willingness to listen
Structured, focused
approach to work, with attention to detail
Flexible able to meet
changing requirements and priorities
Maintenance of up-to-date
knowledge in the appropriate technical areas
Able to work in a global, multicultural
environment
FORMAL EDUCATION: (minimum requirement to perform
job duties)
PHD of Statistics,
Computer Science or other similar advanced degrees from a top tier
educational institution preferred
Whats in it for you?

Our people are at the very core of our success. Invesco
employees get more out of life through our comprehensive compensation and
benefit offerings including:
Flexible time off and
opportunities for a flexible work schedule
401(K) matching of 100% up
to the first 6% with additional supplemental contribution
Health & wellbeing
benefits
Parental Leave benefits
Employee stock purchase
plan
The above information on this description has been designed
to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within
this role. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive
inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of
employees assigned to this job. The job holder may be required to perform other
duties as deemed appropriate by their manager from time to time.

Invesco's culture of inclusivity and its commitment to
diversity in the workplace are demonstrated through our people practices. We
are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, creed, color,
religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status,
national origin, citizenship status, disability, age, or veteran status. Our
equal opportunity employment efforts comply with all applicable U.S. state and
federal laws governing non-discrimination in employment.
