Summary

The Full Stack Data Scientist Intern position is a great opportunity for a motivated student to work with an early growth technology company and a young engineering team to evolve our existing products and architecture and implement new features and functionality. In addition, you will work closely with internal and external clients to understand their business needs and then work closely with their data environments to find the necessary pieces for solutioning needs. Our candidate will develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning and use the right tools & frameworks for developing solutions that help companies make data-driven informed decisions.

Essential Functions
Build robust and scalable software and AI/ML models; design and implement new functionality for KPISOFT products and platform
Engage in all aspects of release cycles including requirements review, work estimation, design, implementation, testing and review
Identify gaps in requirements or designs and present options to address them
Work with the product team to understand end-users requirements, formulate use cases, and translate them into pragmatic and effective technical solutions
Dive into difficult technical problems and successfully deliver results on schedule
Collaborate with Engineering and Product team to design new programs
Candidate Profile

Full Stack
Hands-on experience in coding and software development in a previous professional internship or work experience
Experience building APIs
Experience with modern front-end design and Javascript frameworks
Proficiency with SQL and NoSQL database technologies
Experience with Big Data storage and processing techniques, including Hadoop, Spark.
Experience with data visualization frameworks
A track record of successfully completing projects on time and delivering on schedules and commitments
Strong problem-solving skills and a passion for solving complex challenges
Ability to work independently and within a team
Proven ability to learn quickly and adapt under pressure
Self-started who can drive through ambiguity and thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic early growth start-up environment
Data Science
Ability to leverage a wide variety of data science tools and frameworks
Experience in modelling analytics solutions for complex use-cases
Proficiency in modern Machine Learning libraries (Tensorflow/Keras/PyTorch)
Strong understanding of fundamental statistics and an ability to translate business requirements into analytical models
Some exposure to deep learning/reinforcement learning models
Proficiency in R/Python
Supervisory Responsibility

This position has no supervisory responsibilities.

Work Environment

This position operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard

office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand, walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms.

Position Type and Expected Hours of Work

This is a full-time internship position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.

However, we will be offering flex-schedule if needed in order to accommodate university schedule/class needs.

Travel

This position requires minimal (<10>

Required Education and Experience
Pursuing a Bachelors Degree in Computer Science or possesses extensive development and programming experience and coursework
Background in data science/statistics along
Self-Start who loves to innovate and solve business problems
Problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Positive personality
Preferred Required Education and Experience
Masters in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related field;
Preferred: Data Scientist experience
Experience in ETL, databases
Strong understanding of AI and ML (NLG, NLP, etc.)
Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Java or C++ is an asset
Analytical mind and business acumen
Problem-solving aptitude
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Additional Eligibility Qualifications

None required for this position.

Work Authorization

KPISOFT will not be providing visa sponsorship for these positions now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this KPISOFT position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

EEO Statement

It is the policy of KPISOFT to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, KPISOFT will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
