Home » New Job from Competentia
Data Engineer

Vacancy Number: 26110

Location: Houston, TX

Date Posted: May 18, 2020

Data Engineer

About the role

Our client’s Petroleum Innovation Team enables the discovery, prioritization, de-risking and delivery of step change and disruptive innovation opportunities in support of Petroleum growth and value. We are seeking unique and diverse skills to inject new thoughts and perspectives into our Innovation efforts. Our client is excited to bring together passionate and creative individuals with diverse Petroleum, Technology and Innovation backgrounds to join our team.

The Innovation Data Engineer role will be part of an agile team responsible for de-risking and reducing uncertainty around how new technologies can be used to solve our most challenging problems. This role is responsible for the extraction, collection warehousing and preparation of diverse data sets to support building data science pipelines. In this role, you will be helping our client make a better use of its vast amounts of data and develop insights that have business value. This role requires the ability to quickly build and deploy data collection, ingestion and delivery pipelines to facilitate data use by analytics and advanced machine learning/AI engines. We need out of the box thinkers, unafraid to try new things and learn from how other industries work with data. This is individual contributor role in which you will deliver data engineering solutions to support a multi-disciplinary team in their quest to build scalable, deployable innovative solutions with maximum benefits to the company.

In this role you will:
Work under the supervision of data science lead, geoscientists and subject matter experts.
Collect, aggregate and wrangle large volumes of data from multiple sources using advanced methodologies in data engineering.
Develop data ingestion and preparation workflows for data science pipelines for high and low velocity data.
Perform descriptive analytics on large heterogeneous data sets and create metrics to measure data quality and readiness for analytics.
Collaborate with other team members and the business to improve data models that feed BI tools and data science pipelines.
Assist with the build out and maintenance of an AWS development environment
Research and identify potential data engineering solutions from external partners
Attend relevant industry and technology conferences/seminars and bring back learnings for sharing to the broader Innovation Team and Petroleum Business
Help to build and personally model capabilities and behaviours that value and promote innovation
About you
Bachelors (Master is preferred) degree in STEM major from accredited institution.
5+ years’ experience in data engineering and managing large, complex, disparate data sets.
Good understanding of descriptive analytics and data engineering techniques for data science.
Demonstrated skills in data collection, cleansing, visualization, data quality assessment, and the use of analytics to build minimum viable data (MVD)
Demonstrated expertise in the development of data engineering pipelines for machine learning and artificial intelligence applications using structured, unstructured and semi-structured data sets.
Must have experience building data models to integrate diverse and high dimensional data sets.
Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills with a thirst to learn new areas.
Experience with real-time data ingestion.
Good understanding of analytics and machine learning project lifecycle.
Interdisciplinary mind, i.e. demonstrated ability to map experiences across different domains.
Demonstrated skills in the use of one or more analytics software tools and languages (e.g. Python, R, Matlab, Java, Scala)
Experience in working with and analysing complex geospatial data sets, and knowledgeable in Geospatial analytic tools such as ArcGIS, ArcPRO, ArcPy, etc.
Good understanding of distributed computing, virtualization, and cloud technologies.
Excellent oral and written communication skills, able to effectively explain technical information to various audiences
Experience in Oil & Gas is a plus

Competentia is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or regulation.

Competentia, participates in E-Verify as required by law.
