Leading Consumer Goods Company Looking For Financial Data Analyst -Data Mining, Analytics, Reporting

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Josh Raymond
Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.
Salary: $65,000 - $80,000

A bit about us:

We're an established, yet growing, consumer goods company that provides personal beauty products. We're based in the United States and have a global customer base along with impressive YoY growth. Due to growth, our elite Finance team is looking for a Financial Data Analyst to join the team. In this highly visible role, you'll be reporting directly to our Controller and will be responsible for creating key financial reporting tools, data visualizations and providing insight into the financial performance of our company.

If you're a Financial Data Analyst with 7+ years of experience, then please read on...

Why join us?
Competitive Compensation!
Great Benefits!
Company Matched 401(k)!
Growth Opportunities!
Accelerated Career Growth!


Job Details

What you'll be doing...
Develop mission-critical reporting tools that provide insight into the health of the company
Provide support for Accounting & Financial Analytics and Reporting
Leverage your experience synthesizing data to deliver actionable insights
Mine large structured & unstructured data sets using data science & analytical techniques to generate insights
Develop models to predict potential future outcomes along with optimizing business solutions by identifying patterns using raw data
Translate findings into accessible visuals, providing a clear view into interpreting the data
Analyze and interpret financial data and compile reports on current financials
Define benchmarks, generate insights, develop dashboards and monitor and report progress against them
Perform monthly review and evaluate actual financial performance
Analyze financial information to produce forecasts

What we're looking for...
7+ years of experience with financial analysis and/or accounting
Strong analytical skills and a demonstrated ability to analyze raw data and develop actionable insights
Strong presentation skills and the ability to communicate complex subject matter
Advanced Excel skills
Experience with data visualization software (i.e. Tableau) is preferred

So, it you're a Financial Data Analyst with 7+ years of hands-on experience then please apply today!

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
