Employer Golder

Location Houston,TX

Ref

Starts Jul 7, 2020

Closes Aug 6, 2020

Job Category
Banking & Financial Services

Job Type
Permanent

At Golder, we thrive on challenges.

Golder is not just a place to work, it is a promise of a living, dynamic environment where people collaborate, innovate, build enduring relationships, excel, and grow professionally in a strong culture of ownership.

Do you have the desire to learn? The drive to excel and thrive in an engaged, collaborative environment?

The Houston, Texas office of Golder Associates Inc. is looking for a qualified candidate to fill a Staff Environmental Scientist position with a focus on environmental permitting and planning in the oil and gas sector in Houston. This is an outstanding opportunity for motivated scientists to take a leadership, business development, and technical role in a fast-growing market.

Responsibilities include:
Provide technical support on a variety of environmental permitting and planning projects with a focus on our North American oil and gas sector clients.
Prepare NEPA evaluations, federal, state, and local permit applications, including gathering supporting documentation and coordinating comment response with agencies and project stakeholders.
Support project-related desktop and field surveys in support of the permitting process.
Coordinate with agencies having jurisdiction related to Threatened and Endangered Species, Clean Water Act Sections 404/10, Coastal Zone Management Act, and Section 106 Cultural Resources.
Provide project support for SPCC Plans, SWPPPs, Phase I & II ESAs, NORM surveys, and other various environmental related projects.
Interface with clients, regulators, and Golder staff to meet task, schedule, and budget requirements.
Communicate with external clients in relation to project deliverables, potential problems, and managing client expectations.
Project management of small environmental planning and permitting projects.
Requirements include:
Bachelor's in Environmental Science, Natural Resources, or a related field.
Minimum of three years of experience in the environmental consulting industry (as outlined in the position responsibilities).
Introduction into project management is a plus.
Excellent understanding of environmental regulatory structure involving oil and gas environmental permitting; excellent technical writing skills; and proficiency with Microsoft products are all required.
Field work, including extended assignments, will be required.
Expected to have strong skills in data analyses and technical report writing.
Must be capable of effectively representing themselves in a professional setting and must possess good communication skills.
Candidate must be highly motivated and driven, with the ability to interact with colleagues while arriving at solutions to complex project problems.
Ability to work remotely and in the office.
Experience with oil and gas projects, including pipelines, is required.
Your benefits at Golder will include:

Employee owned structure; Competitive benefits and remuneration packages Opportunity to deepen your expertise in a dynamic work environment; Innovative and collaborative multidisciplinary projects; and, On the job training, mentoring and coaching.

Renowned for technical excellence, Golder is a leading, global employee-owned engineering and consulting firm with over a half century of successful service to its clients. With over 165 offices in over 40 countries, Golder's 7,000 professionals are driven by a passion to deliver results, offering unique specialized skills to address the ever-evolving challenges that earth, environment and energy present to clients across the infrastructure, mining, oil and gas, manufacturing and power sectors.

Equal Opportunity Employment Statement

Golder is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, genetic information, marital status, national origin, race, religion, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, individuals with disabilities or other characteristics protected by law. Golder is a background screening, drug-free workplace.

To learn more about our company and culture click here to view The Promise of Golder video.
