Description

Job Description:


Leidos has an opening for an Experiment Support Scientist (ESS) in Houston, Texas. The Scientist will support human life science research projects on the International Space Station and related Space Flight Analog environments. An ESS works closely with a NASA JSC team to help investigators define, develop, and implement their experiments for operations on flight or analog platforms. ESSs are assigned to several experiments and are responsible for acting as a liaison between the investigators and NASA to represent their scientific concerns to various groups within NASA, and will help the investigator teams write crew procedures for their experiments, help them plan their activities, assist in crew training and provide a variety of related services.
Primary Responsibilities
Serve as a science liaison between principal investigators (PI) of assigned experiments and the ISS Medical Project, including keeping PIs informed of schedules and implementation issues, which require their attention and participation; and serving as advocator of PI issues to the JSC team.
Provide science discipline expertise to assigned experiments including: (1) Definition and management of science requirements; (2) Science support to NASA Increment Scientists at scientific meetings; (3) Console support for assigned experiments and missions as required.
Proactive schedule and technical risk management for all aspects of experiment support.
Coordinate with the PI to human use protocols, provide updates as required, ensure that all training and data collection activities are in conformance with human use approvals.
Prepare for and support crew training by ensuring facilities, consumables, and hardware and test subjects are available as required.
Create and validate detailed experiment procedures, checklists, and cue cards (for both nominal and off-nominal scenarios).
Adhere to appropriate safety, quality, and environmental practice, as well as business ethics practices.
Develop and demonstrate the interpersonal skills required to maintain productive working relationships with co-workers, management, and the customer.
Basic Qualifications
B.S. degree in Biological Sciences or related degree (other degrees considered with relevant experience). Demonstrated leadership ability, excellent oral/written communication & problem solving skills.
Preferred Qualifications
Previous internship/co-op experience with NASA. Familiarity with NASA project development and flight operations processes.
This position requires successful completion of a government background check to access government facilities and/or systems. If you are not a United States Citizen or Green Card holder, this check could take 12-18 months to complete.
External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
None
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Research Scientist
Leidos


Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and Benefits


Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Securing Your Data


Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

Commitment to Diversity


All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
