Dr. Kapil N. Bhalla is currently seeking a Senior Research Scientist who will be responsible for conducting research in his NIH-funded laboratory. The focus of the basic and translational research in this laboratory includes the biology and developmental therapeutics related to epigenetic mechanisms involving histone deacetylases, methyltransferases and demethylases, BET proteins, as well as the chaperone biology of heat shock proteins and their cancer relevant client proteins regulating cell growth, differentiation and survival of the human leukemia stem/progenitor cells. The qualified candidate must possess a Ph.D. in Biology, Biological Sciences, Life Sciences or related field and a keen interest and experience in cancer research. The candidate must have completed at least a 3 year Post-doctoral fellowship in an area relevant to the focus of research in Dr. Bhalla's laboratory. The qualified candidate must have the ability to troubleshoot in the design and conduct of the laboratory studies. Experience in molecular studies involving gene transfection, analysis of gene expression through QPCR, microarrays, immunoblots and flow cytometry, as well as experience in chromatin immunoprecipitation studies, evaluation of protein biochemistry with 2D gels and the yeast-two-hybrid system, and tissue culture techniques is required. Experience in the ability to utilize CRISPR technology for gene editing and to utilize confocal microscopy for molecular imaging is highly desired. Experience in xenograft and genetically-engineered animal models of cancer and/or leukemia, and confocal microscopy is also desired. An outstanding research environment, new laboratory and core facilities are provided.

KEY FUNCTIONS

Research Design and implementation

Plans, organizes, coordinates, directs and conducts scientific research projects. Develops and maintains standard procedures and protocols to ensure the quality and integrity of the procedures performed. Coordinates with other investigators to provide appropriate support on analytical techniques. Maintains detailed experimental records, evaluates resulting research data, and presents findings to physicians and/or professional groups.

Data Analysis

Analyzes and evaluates research data and revises techniques and approaches to work problems. Works with the Principal Investigator on projects in the area of biomarker development and leukemia biology. Participates in adopting new techniques and learning new skills to enhance research efforts.

Lab Development/Publications

Supervises, mentors, and counsels trainees and other laboratory personnel with respect to proper laboratory techniques, the use of laboratory equipment and safety procedures. Publications/Manuscripts and Presentations. Contributes to manuscripts and prepares documents for publication. Compiles, writes, and submits reports to superior. Presents results at national meetings.
EDUCATION

Required: PhD in one of the natural sciences or related field or Medical degree.

EXPERIENCE

Required: With PhD, no experience required. With Medical degree, two years of experience in experimental or scientific work.

Preferred: With PhD must have completed at least a 3 year Post-doctoral fellowship in an area relevant to the focus of research in Dr. Bhalla's laboratory.

It is the policy of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center to provide equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by institutional policy or by federal, state or local laws unless such distinction is required by law. http://www.mdanderson.org/about-us/legal-and-policy/legal-statements/eeo-affirmative-action.html

Additional Information
Requisition ID: 135118
Employment Status: Full-Time
Employee Status: Regular
FLSA: exempt and eligible for additional compensation for hours worked beyond your usual schedule, paid at a time and a half rate
Work Week: Nights, Weekends
Fund Type: Hard
Pivotal Position: Yes
Minimum Salary: US Dollar (USD) 53,200
Midpoint Salary: US Dollar (USD) 66,500
Maximum Salary : US Dollar (USD) 79,800
Science Jobs: No
