Job Description
Director, Strategic Research Data Science

Job Description:

This position is charged with identifying and driving the market and marketing intelligence and business research necessary for strategy, and business development. The Director of Strategic Research Data Science will lead a team that conducts an in-depth analysis of current and emerging industries, and business profiling by territory and industry segmentation. They are responsible for partnering with the Demand Generation, Industry Partnership, and Business Development leaders and teams to strategically support their efforts in driving awareness, market presence, and revenue. They will also support the relationship with the Business Director of each region by implementing collaborative business strategies that focus on increasing revenue and relationships in the top industries, top cities, CPA Firms and affiliations of the region.

Roles and Responsibilities:

Establish and lead a team that is composed of highly technical talent including data scientists, data analysts, database manager, and market researchers.

Decisive, organized leader with an impressive track record of building respect and support for the business development and marketing function which is collaborative and inclusive. Conduct comparative business analysis of current business patterns and focuses vs. current trend.

Present high-level analysis of strategic market and industry opportunities to executives and leadership. Provide detailed reports of each market in the region to determine business trends, top industries, top cities, target firms, affiliations, and current clients.

Identify and determine the regions priority markets. Create a strategic plan for each focus market, in order to increase awareness among CPA Firms, CPA Firm Alliances, Direct Industries, and Associations.

Partner with Demand Generation team to strategically create marketing campaigns supported by participation at conferences, coordinating webinars, direct calling lists, targeted social media advertising, and email blasts.

Build relationships with Raving Fans in direct industries, CPA alliances and industry affiliations in priority markets, including:

o Identify key targets that are related to the dominant and emerging industries in the market and nation.

o Analyze current anchor/focus firms to determine their CPA alliance and leverage as a resource.

Conduct comparative business analysis of current business patterns and focuses vs. current trend.

o Is the director spending an appropriate amount of time focusing on the priority markets?

o Why is a market thriving? Are the majority of industries ones that we serve?

o What is the average WIP generated by the industry?

o Are the majority of the deals coming from our priority markets? If not, why and where are the deals coming from?

o What needs to change? Where should we be spending our time?

Lead market researchers and data analyst to research current clients/references/testimonials to identify the associations, affiliations, peer groups, and companies that they work with. Leverage the connections to get introductions and build new relationships.

Reach out to local chapters of AIA, NECA, PMA, ACEC, MCAA, SMACNA, CICPAC, and CFMA in the focus markets.

o Cross-reference affiliation member lists with our client list to show our presents in the industry and their members we are already helping.

Measurement

Success will be measured through revenue goals.
