Work Shift: DAY

Work Week: This position will work Monday - Friday from 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m., plus rotates weekends & holidays

Job Summary

JOB SUMMARY: The Medical Laboratory Scientist is responsible for performing both routine and complex analyses, which necessitates knowledge of laboratory techniques, principles, and equipment and their interrelationship. Exercises good judgment by using critical thinking skills and deals with issue resolution concerning the day-to-day technical operation of the laboratory. Ensures that specimens are accessioned and processed expeditiously in order to deliver quality laboratory results in an effective and cost efficient manner.

HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS:

I. Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values:
INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do
COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs
ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions
RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value
EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate
II. Focuses on patient/customer safety

III. Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards

IV. Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words)

V. Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met

VI. Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job

PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

PEOPLE - 25%

1. Promotes a positive work environment and contributes to a dynamic, team focused work unit that actively helps one another to achieve optimal department results. Collaborates with all members of the patient care team by actively communicating and reporting pertinent patient care information and data in a comprehensive manner.

2. Teaches students, new employees and others as assigned by Manager.

SERVICE - 30%

1. Organizes workload and sets priorities. Utilizes all available work time by assisting others and performing additional tasks.

2. Meets turnaround time expectations as defined by management.

QUALITY/SAFETY - 35%

1. Performs the six elements of competency for test systems used to generate patient test results in all areas assigned to work.

2. Recognizes, investigates and correctly resolves test discrepancies. When problems arise, takes appropriate action to investigate and address and notifies management for follow-up.

3. Maintains a safe environment within the Laboratory, following all policies and procedures for safety, hazardous materials, security and emergency preparedness.

FINANCE - 5%

1. Adjusts work schedule to accommodate departmental/organizational needs. Appropriately utilizes the time recording system.

2. Uses resources efficiently; does not waste supplies. Restocks section inventory levels as needed.

GROWTH/INNOVATION - 5%

1. Seeks opportunities to expand learning beyond baseline competencies with a focus on continual development.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS:
Graduate of education program approved by the credentialing body for the required credential(s) indicated below
EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum of one year of work or training experience in a hospital laboratory preferred
Prior experience working as a generalist, including blood bank experience, is strongly preferred
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS REQUIRED:
Must meet certification eligibility upon hire and have one of the following required certifications within one year of employment:
Preferred - Certified as a Medical Technologist, Clinical Laboratory Scientist, Medical Laboratory Scientist, or categorical certification by Board of Certification (ASCP)
Certified as a Medical Technologist by American Medical Technologists (AMT)
Certified as a Clinical Laboratory Scientist by National Credentialing Agency for Laboratory Personnel (NCA)
HLA only - One of the following is required:
Medical Technologist, MT(ASCP) or Medical Laboratory Scientist, MLS(ASCP) certification
Certified by American Board of Histocompatibility and Immunogenetics (ABHI)
Microbiology only - One of the following is required:
Medical Technologist, MT(ASCP) or Medical Laboratory Scientist, MLS(ASCP) certification
Microbiology, M(ASCP) certification
Clinical microbiology registry from American Society for Microbiology, RM(AAM)
Note: current Houston Methodist Medical Laboratory Scientists have 12 months from this job description revision date to acquire certification
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES REQUIRED to perform the Essential Functions of the Job:
Demonstrates the skills and competencies necessary to safely perform the assigned job, determined through on-going evaluations consisting of one or more of the following: skills, competency assessments and/or performance reviews
Exhibits strong interpersonal and team player skills with all levels of the healthcare team and assures delivery of excellent customer service to all patients, visitors, physicians and co-workers
Adapts to multiple ongoing priorities including organizing heavy work flow with minimal supervision
Strong attention to detail and ability to achieve and maintain accuracy
Demonstrates independent judgment and discretion to recognize problems, identify causes and take corrective action
Possesses basic computer knowledge; operates multiple computer systems to include, Hospital / Laboratory Information Systems and Office software to maintain patient and testing records and other related documents
Demonstrates the ability to work independently with little or no direct supervision
Sufficient proficiency in speaking, reading, and writing the English language necessary to perform the essential functions of this job, especially with regard to activities impacting patient or employee safety or security
Ability to effectively communicate with patients, physicians, family members and co-workers in a manner consistent with a customer service focus and application of positive language principles
Equal Employment Opportunity

Houston Methodist is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Equal employment opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Houston Methodist is firmly bound. Houston Methodist will not engage in discrimination against or harassment of any person employed or seeking employment with Houston Methodist on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor priority referral Protected Veterans requested.

Company Profile

Houston Methodist Willowbrook Hospital opened in December 2000 to serve the comprehensive health care needs of the growing community in Northwest Houston. The 312 bed hospital has 17 operating rooms, and more than 1,900 employees. Houston Methodist Willowbrook Hospital has been named a Magnet recognized health care facility by the American Nurses Credentialing Centers (ANCC) Magnet Recognition Program® and was ranked No. 8 in the Houston metro area and No. 19 in Texas by U.S. News & World Report as a Best Hospital in 2016. Houston Methodist Willowbrook Hospital is Northwest Houston's regional leader in robotic minimally-invasive surgeries and specializes in cardiology and cardiovascular services, neurology, neurosurgery, orthopedics and sports medicine, and comprehensive cancer services. Houston Methodist Willowbrook Hospital has a Breast Care Center, Cancer Center, Imaging Center, Infusion Center, Sleep Center, Surgical Weight Loss Center and operates the largest Childbirth Center in the greater Northwest Houston area.
