Description As a Data Engineer you will develop and maintain scalable data pipelines while collaborating with analytical and business teams to improve data models. Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it. Writes unitintegration tests, contributes to engineering wiki, and documents work. Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues. Defines company data assets (data models), and other jobs to populate data models and designs data integrations and data quality framework. Works closely with all business units and engineering teams to develop strategy for long term data platform architecture. Qualifications bullPreferable to have a Degree in an analytical field (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Operations Research, Management Science) and 4+ years of professional experience. bullAt least 4 years of data analytics experience in a distributed computing environment bullStrong experience with products or similar products like Apache Spark, Big Data bullBuilding and analyzing dashboards and reports bullEmpower and assist operation and product teams through building key data sets and data-based recommendations bullAutomating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQLpython based ETL framework bullSuperb SQL programming skill with understanding of ETL tools and database architecture. bullDemonstrable familiarity with code and programming concepts. Experience with Python is highly preferred but not required. For confidential searches, please send resume directly to jelle.dejongrht.com Requirements Scala, Python, Apache Spark Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
