Today Lonza is a global leader in life sciences. We are more than 15,000 employees in more than 100 locations around the world. While we work in science, there’s no magic formula to how we do it. Our greatest scientific solution is talented people working together, devising ideas that help businesses to help people. In exchange, we let our people own their careers. Their ideas, big and small, genuinely improve the world. And that’s the kind of work we want to be part of.

The Manufacturing Science and Technology (MSAT) Scientist will be responsible for the successful transfer of cell therapy processes into Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP)-compliant production. They are in direct contact with Lonza’s internal stakeholders (Process Development, Quality, Manufacturing, Program Management) and external clients. MSAT Scientists ensure process scalability and manufacturability and will support process validation activities for late phase production. They are in charge of process integration related aspects during campaign preparation and responsible for process supervision and reporting during and after production campaigns. Continuous improvement as well as adaptations of the manufacturing process. In addition, the MSAT Scientist will coordinate process relevant major deviations and assess their product quality impacts.

Key responsibilities:
Coordinates campaign preparation in close collaboration with Program Management.
Performance detailed review of clients and Research and Development (R&D) process and generates, in collaboration with Process Development, technology transfer documents.
Coordinates risk assessments, root cause analysis for major process deviations.
Management of data and analyzes of various operational parameters.
Supports the evaluation in client’s discussion a/o in initial process fit/gap analyzes.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Key requirements:
Bachelor Degree in Science discipline with advanced years of experience required. Advanced degree with intermediate years of experience preferred.
Experience in Pharma/Biotech industry in technology transfer.
Knowledge of and experience with cell culturing with a preference in Cell Therapy field.
Must know and follow job safety procedures, attend required health and safety training, proactively promote safety at work, and promptly report actual and potential accidents and injuries. Must comply with safety policies of the company and site.
Adherence to cGMPs is required all times during the manufacture of Cell Therapy products. All personnel are responsible for notifying responsible management in a timely manner of regulatory inspections, serious GMP deficiencies, product defects and related actions.
Team player in an interdisciplinary team that change team members along a product´s life cycle.
Experience within matrix organization.
Every day, Lonza’s products and services have a positive impact on millions of people. For us, this is not only a great privilege, but also a great responsibility. How we achieve our business results is just as important as the achievements themselves. At Lonza, we respect and protect our people and our environment. Any success we achieve is no success at all if not achieved ethically.

People come to Lonza for the challenge and creativity of solving complex problems and developing new ideas in life sciences. In return, we offer the satisfaction that comes with improving lives all around the world. The satisfaction that comes with making a meaningful difference.

Lonza is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a qualified individual with disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
