About Us
Harris Health is a nationally recognized health system comprising three teaching hospitals and an extensive network of ambulatory care centers serving the people of Harris County, Texas, since 1966. Staffed by the faculty, fellows and residents from two nationally ranked medical schools, Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), Harris Health is the first healthcare system in Houston to receive the prestigious National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) designation for its network of patient-centered medical homes.

Each year, Harris Health provides more than 1.8 million total outpatient visits through its more than 40 ambulatory care facilities. Additionally, Harris Health sees more than 177,000 emergency visits at its Level 1 and Level 3 trauma centers and 35,000 hospital admissions through its three hospitals: Ben Taub, LBJ and Quentin Mease.

Established by voter referendum to enhance the level of charity care available in the community, Harris Health System has often received national recognition for serving those in need and for its achievements in operational excellence, such as being named to the 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 Most Wired Hospitals lists by the American Hospital Association’s Hospitals & Health Networks magazine.

Additionally, Harris Health System is pleased that each of its three hospitals — Ben Taub, Lyndon B. Johnson and Quentin Mease — achieved Pathway to Excellence™ designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
Job Profile
JOB SUMMARY: The Workforce & data Analytics Manager (WFM) is responsible for managing the collection, organization, input of data and information obtained in the Patient Appointment Center, Referral Center, Ask My Nurse, Language Access and Operator Services Departments. He/she will manage workforce planning, staffing requirements, reporting and real time management of all departments. Prepare statistical and narrative reports. Participate in the analysis and interpretation of data as appropriate and provide recommendations for process improvement. Develop, maintain and ensure quality control issues of databases and assist in the development and implementation of measurement systems. . Additional responsibilities include the management of contact center systems and initiatives with Information Technology Department and external third party vendors. He/she provides exceptional customer service to both internal and external customers; strongly adheres to the Service First values: friendliness, integrity, responsibility, satisfaction and teamwork.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Degrees:
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology, Finance or Business and Five (5) years of Contact Center experience
or
High School diploma or GED and nine (9) years equivalent work experience.

Management Experience: Three (3) years of experience managing staff

Communication Skills:
Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contract), Writing /Correspondence, Writing / Reports

Proficiencies: MS Word, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Outlook, PC

Knowledge/ Skills / Abilities:
Analytical, Mathematics, Statistical

Work Schedule: Monday - Friday

Other Requirements: Training/experience with databases (SQL Server or MS Access) and reporting (Excel or Crystal) required. Experience with SharePoint a plus.
Benefits and EEOC
Harris Health System benefits program is designed to provide you with more flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Harris Health System benefits program allows you to protect your income in case of illness, death and disability, and to help you save for retirement.

It is the policy of Harris Health System to provide equal opportunity for all applicants for employment regardless political affiliation, race, color, national origin, age, sex, religious creed or disability. Applicants may request any reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the application process.
Job Category
Allied Health
