Arcadis
is seeking a creative, experienced, and highly-skilled computer scientist to
join our growing technology team. In this role, you will create and develop
custom solutions for our client projects in a collaborative, fast-paced,
state-of-the-art environment. To be successful in this role, you will be
thorough, creative, and exceptionally well-skilled in all phases of the
development life-cycle, with a passion for continued learning and
collaboration.

Responsibilities
include but are not limited to:
Demonstrate exceptional
analysis, planning, and coding skills
Familiar with ArcGIS Notebooks, PyTorch and Tensorflow
Develop algorithms from District GIS workflows for GeoAI and Machine Learning built around Flood control, Navigation and Emergency Management
Contribute to all
phases of the development lifecycle
Software development
and deployment
Testing and bug fixing
Embedded software
development
Web-based application
development
Help gather
requirements and make recommendations for product development
Work collaboratively
with team and stakeholders to achieve shared goals
Commit to delivering
products on time and on budget
Current product
maintenance
Run reports, groom
backlogs
Prioritize tasks to
maximize resources and efficiency
#LI-SJ1
Required Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in computer science or
related field
Minimum 2 years’ experience as a computer
scientist or other relevant role
Exceptional coding skills, including SQL,
HTML, JavaScript.
Why Choose Arcadis?

Arcadis is the leading global design and
consulting firm for natural and built assets, and we invite you to join us in
partnering with our clients to deliver truly exceptional and sustainable
outcomes. Contribute to the world’s most high-profile and transformative
projects, from shopping centers in Shanghai and improved traffic flow in
Atlanta to state-of-the-art rail systems in Doha, coastal defenses for
Manhattan and cleaner air in Los Angeles. Work alongside the industry’s
foremost thought leaders and accomplished professionals, generating effective,
real-world results. We are Arcadis: 27,000 people in more than 70 countries,
creating value by applying our collective wisdom to every challenge. Our
culture is collaborative, we believe in diversity and the power of global
teamwork, and we own the responsibility to sustain the Earth and its people in
a safe and balanced way. Arcadis. Improving quality of life.

Water is the world’s most critical resource.
At Arcadis, we work tirelessly to help protect this natural resource, focusing
on the entire water cycle. From source to tap, managing rivers and coast zones,
urban and rural water supply, and issues related to climate change and rising
sea levels, our specialists, engineers and scientists help address all of the
challenges facing water. Using
cutting-edge technologies, collaborating to develop innovative solutions and
tapping into global learning development resources, we are uniquely positioned
to provide safe and secure water services that support the demand of a rapidly
changing world. Join our team to start improving quality of life today.

EEO statement

We are an equal opportunity and affirmative
action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans are
strongly encouraged to apply. We are dedicated to a policy of
non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, creed, color,
religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual
orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, disability, veteran status,
or any other basis prohibited by law.
