Design Quality Scientist
Location


Houston, Texas - Lab

Apply Now

CooperSurgical is a women’s health company dedicated to delivering impactful solutions that improve healthcare, promoting a world of healthy women, babies, and families. We are excited to be recruiting for this position to add to rapidly growing Genomics R&D team in Houston, TX.

Position Summary:

This cross-functional role will apply quality control activities to the development and transfer of molecular and genomics testing applications. The individual will work closely with R&D, regulatory, and clinical laboratory teams to generate and implement robust product workflows. He/she will define product requirements, contribute input and output specifications, document validation and verification procedures, and provide transitional support to the Operations Team.

Essential Functions:
Provide end-to-end guidance regarding quality control in all phases/activities of design, development, and testing of new molecular, genomic, and diagnostic products including identifying metrics, and defining specifications.
Lead implementation of new product/process design assurance, including risk management, user, design, and process FMEAs, requirements traceability matrices, design verification and validation, etc. Utilize statistical analysis techniques to determine product/process acceptance.
Collaborate with cross functional teams to identify, prioritize, and execute business critical quality initiatives.
Implement and maintain the Quality Policy and related QMS elements (e.g. document control, change control, quality records, corrective & preventive actions, etc.) for the Genomics R&D group.
Ensure that R&D-developed processes, assays, and products meet all quality standards and regulatory requirements, including CAP/CLIA, NYS, ISO and OSHA standards, for transfer to the clinical testing environment.
Coordinate method/assay transfer procedures and maintain feedback data for continued improvement and evaluation of R&D validated assays, products, and/or processes.
Collaborate with scientists and technicians in R&D to create, implement, and optimize experimental design and testing procedures within a DOE framework.
Author, execute, and document all necessary protocols/reports as related to quality processes, product development, and clinical laboratory implementation.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in an engineering or technical discipline such as Biomedical Engineering, Applied Math/Statistics, Molecular/Cellular or Systems Biology with 3-5+ years of experience in an industry lab.
Practical experience identifying and applying quality standards, data analysis and statistical techniques to R&D processes and product development through DOE/APQP approaches, stage-gate design, and/or quality control and quality assurance principles is required.
Technical experience with molecular biology workflows and genomics technologies, particularly NGS application, is essential as is the ability to create and optimize laboratory workflows.
Strong analytical and innovative mindset with effective written and verbal communication skills.
The ideal candidate will be highly organized with a keen attention to detail, applying effective time management and a demonstrated ability to coordinate multiple projects in parallel.
Displays agility and flexibility by quickly adjusting to new information in a fast-changing environment and the ability to follow-up with multiple parties, drive execution and build consensus to close out open tasks.
CooperSurgical is an equal employment opportunity employer and strong advocate of workforce diversity. Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Disability/Veteran

To all agencies: Please, no phone calls or emails to any employee of CooperSurgical about this opening. All resumes submitted by search firms/employment agencies to any employee at CooperSurgical via-email, the internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of CooperSurgical, unless such search firms/employment agencies were engaged by CooperSurgical for this position and a valid agreement with CooperSurgical is in place. In the event a candidate who was submitted outside of the CooperSurgical agency engagement process is hired, no fee or payment of any kind will be paid.
