Job Title

Program Manager (TTI Associate Research Scientist)

Agency

Texas A&M Transportation Institute

Department

Research & Implementation - Houston

Proposed Minimum Salary

Commensurate

Job Location

Houston, Texas

Job Type

Staff

Job Description

Job Summary

This position serves as Program Manager and leads the Research & Implementation Houston Office in research, technology transfer, and implementation projects, with high levels of sponsor interaction and interaction with locally-elected officials. The incumbent must balance the duties of a research principal investigator and managing the workload and deliverable pipeline of direct reports. As a research principal investigator, the incumbent is responsible for developing, winning, and maintaining projects for themselves and program staff, and fulfilling obligations to federal, state, local, and private sponsors. The position manages and conducts research and technical assistance projects in transportation engineering, traffic operations, roadway safety, transportation planning, and other related areas, and performs technology transfer to professional technical staff and policy boards. The incumbent is responsible for conceptualizing deliverables, providing high-level expertise, and selecting and applying appropriate analysis techniques and procedures to ensure the accomplishment of research objectives. The incumbent will author or co-author technical reports, guidebooks, or scholarly publications based on original research. As the program manager, this position is responsible for funding program staff, research diversification, staff diversity, and financial management of the program. The incumbent is required to develop short- and long-term program strategic plans. The incumbent will provide coordination and leadership of direct reports and mentoring and development of more junior staff. The incumbent is responsible for hiring, supervising, and reviewing performance of direct reports. Incumbent in this position assumes direct accountability for all project deliverables and schedules within the program. Continuation in this position is contingent upon availability of funding derived from research program or specific projects and satisfactory performance.

Essential Duties

Applied research and management duties - 45%
Responsible for the overall direction and management of a work program, which includes the day-to-day supervision, planning, administration, evaluation and implementation of the program’s research functions. These duties include project management, supervision, data collection, data analysis, and work coordination. Must demonstrate ability to manage multiple projects as principal investigator through managing time, budgets, and progress of work to meet sponsor expectations. Serve as the primary contact with sponsors for complex projects that involve multi-disciplinary teams representing different divisions and programs. Plan, schedule, coordinate, and report detailed phases of research and development projects. Evaluate and document data collection requirements and activities. Coordinate data gathering activities and gather data needed for project tasks. Assemble, organize, document, and archive datasets. Develop data models and metadata. Synthesize data and extract meaningful statistics and trends. Develop and/or run applications to conduct the research. Analyze and document business processes. Analyze and develop potential new techniques, policies, procedures, and recommendations. Manage, communicate, and coordinate with multi-disciplinary teams comprising research staff, graduate and undergraduate students, and support staff. Ensure the completion of research objectives and timely delivery of high quality project deliverables.

Business development - 15%
Develop and maintain relationships with sponsors, including non-traditional ones. Protectively brainstorm, develop and present innovative project ideas and concepts and research needs statements to potential sponsors. Build potential teaming relationships with other partners. Lead and assist in effective proposal preparation to potential sponsors. Identify and pursue independent research funding opportunities. Independently maintain or contribute to extramurally-funded research

Staff management and supervision -15%
Manage, develop, and mentor staff, including professional development needs, provide continual and annual performance evaluation feedback, approve time and effort, and approve leave requests. Supervise senior and junior staff general work performance including day-to-day direct assignments for junior staff.

Report preparation - 15%
Compile, document, and present results in formats required for inclusion in reports, technical memoranda, and presentations. Prepare technical documentation, including data collection, analysis, and summaries. Prepare project reports and other deliverables as required. Prepare materials for presentation of research results and other deliverables at technical meetings or other venues and to sponsors.

Presentations - 5%
Prepare and give presentations to existing and potential sponsors, academic settings, or conference setting. Schedule, prepare, conduct, and document project meetings with sponsors

Other non-essential duties as deemed necessary - 5%

Required Education and Experience

Master's of Science in Civil engineering, transportation engineering, urban planning, or other related field

5 years experience in Transportation engineering, Transportation planning, Business development, Project management, Staff development

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities

Must develop, execute, and monitor the program strategic plan in alignment with division and agency goals.

Must have a minimum of 5 years of progressively responsible supervisory and management experience.

Must have demonstrated business development skills and client service skills.

Must have demonstrated experience developing project and/or research proposals and budgets.

Must have demonstrated project management skills to deliver high-quality results on time and within established budgets.

Must demonstrate effective communications skills.

Must have ability to multi-task and work cooperatively with others.

Preferred Qualifications

PhD in Civil engineering, transportation engineering, urban planning, or other related field

15 years experience in Advanced transportation engineering, Advanced transportation planning, Intelligent Transportation Systems, Managing >10 direct reports, Strategic planning

Possess 10 or more years progressively responsible supervisory and management experience.

Demonstrate experience obtaining business, project, and/or research funding from both traditional and non-traditional sponsors/clients.

Demonstrate experience working with Houston-area local municipalities, regional transit, toll, or planning agencies, and TxDOT districts.

Demonstrate experience mentoring and coaching junior staff.

Licensed Professional Engineer

All positions are security-sensitive. Applicants are subject to a criminal history investigation, and employment is contingent upon the institution’s verification of credentials and/or other information required by the institution’s procedures, including the completion of the criminal history check.

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action/Veterans/Disability Employer committed to diversity.
