We seek to fill the role of a Senior Futures Quantitative Research Scientist in Houston, TX, Chicago, IL or New York, NY. The highly skilled and experienced individual will join our effort focused on generating exceptional returns using high frequency trading alphas in the futures markets. The ideal candidate has direct experience in the alpha research process and understands the workflow from idea generation to production implementation. This opportunity will provide the right candidate the chance to have a large impact on the direction and productivity of a newly formed team within a successful proprietary trading firm.

What you’ll do:
Conduct or supervise financial data analysis on large datasets to generate profitable trading alphas
Perform or supervise deep dives into market structure research
Define key metrics for model validation
Back-testing and production performance monitoring
Contribute to in-house data analysis packages and research framework development
What you’ll have:
At least 6 years of experience generating and implementing short term trading alphas into successful production trading strategies
Good understanding of global futures markets and their interrelationships
Advanced knowledge of modern statistical analysis
Proficiency in a scripting language such as Python
Demonstrated experience working with tick data
Degree in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.
Excellent written and spoken English communication skills
Extra points:
Experience trading other asset classes
Experience developing software systems in C++11 or greater
Prediction technology experience
What you’ll get:
Unique opportunity to bring fresh perspective to the team and to significantly influence the research of talented and passionate scientists who take pride in delivering results
Extremely competitive compensation and bonus structure
Attractive benefit plan structure
Visa sponsorship if needed
Free catered lunches every day with snacks and beverages provided daily
Casual dress
Please note that some benefits (such as catered lunches, massages, and onsite gym memberships) are not currently available due to the global pandemic. Quantlab intends to reinstate the paused benefits when feasible.

Who we are:

Quantlab is a quantitative trading firm where Technology and Scientific Research are central to our business and key to our success. Founded in 1998, Quantlab is a pioneer in quantitative algorithmic trading. Behind our success is our people. We hire some of the smartest and most passionate programmers and quants in the world.

The firm is privately held with headquarters in Houston, and offices in Boston, Chicago, Denver, New Jersey, New York, and Amsterdam. We are 1 part Wall Street, 2 parts software development firm, 3 parts Los Alamos National Laboratory, and 4 parts Tony Stark's garage.

Why you should work with us:

Quantlab is constantly pushing the boundaries of technology, from high performance computing clusters attached to petabytes of storage, to ultra-low latency hardware, to highly optimized operating systems. Team members at Quantlab enjoy the collaborative and results driven atmosphere. We follow the mantra of “we can do it better.” Quantlab attracts very talented people who bring innovative and interdisciplinary solutions to trading. Our casual environment has an entrepreneurial spirit that encourages creativity, agility, and continuous improvement. Quantlab is a place “where the best get better.”

Quantlab is not accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms. Only search firms with valid, written agreements with Quantlab should submit resumes in response to Quantlab’s posted positions. All resumes submitted by search firms to Quantlab via e-mail, the Internet, personal delivery, facsimile, or any other method without a valid written agreement shall be deemed the sole property of Quantlab, and no fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by Quantlab.
