Ayata is developing its Prescriptive Analytics® software by integrating the latest Artificial Intelligence (AI) and related technologies. We are looking for people with multi-disciplinary skills, especially in software design and artificial intelligence, who can write solid clean code and who are excited about applying those skills to build industrial strength software. You’ll be part of a multi-disciplinary team working to design, develop and implement our unique software. Your contributions will directly impact the success of the company.

Job Responsibilities and Duties

Ayata is looking for experienced Senior Research Scientist specializing in Machine Learning who will develop machine learning models for business applications and build cloud-based AI software for predictive analytics business solutions. Looking for experienced research scientist specializing in Machine learning, Mathematical and statistical model development.

Responsibilities:
Lead model development, providing methodology, strategy, ideas, architect, and solutions for real-word, industrial-scale and mission-critical business operations
Develop AI/ML models for business applications
Build and integrate models into a full-functioning AI business software
Interact with business clients, understand business requirements, propose AI software solutions to meet the business requirements, deliver and present AI software to clients
Understand the data set used for the modeling, prepare and preprocess data sets, train and test models and perform model feature engineering
Document data dictionary, data understanding, modeling strategy and approaches, and build company’s knowledge base of data and models
Communicate effectively with team members, management, and clientsx
Requirements
Proven ability to work with large structured and unstructured datasets
Demonstrable, hands-on experience in developing advanced analytics algorithms/models, including time series forecasting, machine learning and deep learning, image processing, natural language processing, and speech recognition
Excellent hands-on code development skills in Python
Good Knowledge of Machine Learning frameworks and packages, including Keras, TensorFlow, MXnet, Scikit-Learn and cloud technology (Amazon, Azure, etc.)
Experiences in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Computer Vision, and Natural Language Processing
PhD degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related disciplines
At least 10 years of industrial research experience
Experience in Machine learning
Background in Property and Casulity Insurance a big plus!
Additional Qualifications
Parallel and distributed processing experience is a plus
Expertise in data Extraction Transformation and Loading (ETL) is a strong plus (Spark, Hadoop, SQL) in big data environments.
Domain knowledge in financial and insurance industries is a big plus
The candidate must be able to work out of the Houston Texas office but remote work will be considered for extremely strong candidate

Relocation reimbursement is available for the right candidate

You must have a PHD to be considered for this position.

Benefits
Compensation package (base salary + performance bonus + stock options) commensurate with experience.
Industry (tech/software industry) standard benefits package - medical, dental, vision, 401(k) plan, work-from-home (if applicable), flexible holidays, and more.
but remote work will be considered for extremely strong candidate
