Ergonomics Scientist
ID

3598

Location


Phoenix, AZ

Practice/Center


Human Factors

Apply Now

Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. Our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. Our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the United States and abroad. Exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization.

Exponent's Human Factors Practice is seeking an Ergonomic Scientist for our Phoenix, AZ office.

This position will be responsible for conducting user research studies for major consumer electronics manufacturers and serving as project manager on a potentially large number of such engagements.

Additional responsibilities will include:
Supporting a range of accident related consulting activities that may involve human factors, biomechanics, ergonomics, and rehabilitation engineering
Developing client contacts, and building relationships
Working on multi-disciplinary projects
Providing case management, data processing, and other project support
Conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards
Accident analyses
The ideal candidate for this position has an interest in user experience research and/or usability testing in a real-world setting. She/he also possesses a strong scientific background in the foundations of experimental and study design, as well as engineering/biomechanics/ergonomics. Candidates should furthermore be comfortable working in a professional engineering and scientific consulting environment, which demands a high degree of independence, self-motivation, dedication, and resilience to stress.

Qualifications for this position include:
Ph.D. in Ergonomics/Human Factors/Biomechanics or related discipline
Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills
Strong mathematical aptitude and proficiency with statistics
Solid foundation in engineering and/or ergonomics
Consummate project management skills and ability to juggle multiple teams concurrently
Must be assertive, a self-starter, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or deadlines
To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students!

We are an Affirmative Action, Equal Employment Opportunity, Veterans and Disabled Employer.
