Door Sales & Installation is seeking a Data Analyst to develop reports, troubleshoot data issues, and conduct full life cycle analysis.
GENERAL JOB DESCRIPTION:
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
Filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems.
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs.
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities.
Assist in special projects or requests. Other duties as necessary.
KNOWLEDGE & EXPERIENCE:
Proven working experience (4 to 6 years) as a Data Analyst of Business Data Analyst.
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages data-bases (SQL etc.), programming (.net) SSRS
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel)
SKILLS & ABILITIES:
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.
Good interpersonal skills to work with different management levels.
Strong business acumen.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SQL, (.net) SSRS: 4 years (Required)
Data Analyst: 4 years (Required)
Company's website:
www.ericksoncompanies.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
