Min Qualifications

REQUIRED EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE:

Bachelor's degree in a Clinical Laboratory Science or Basic Science. No experience required.

Must obtain certification by the American Society of Clinical Pathology (ASCP), American Medical Technologists (AMT), American Board of Histocompatibility or Immunogenetics (ABHI) or equivalent certification as appropriate, within 12 months of hire.

Qualifies as Testing Personnel for high complexity testing under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendment (CLIA).

JOB SUMMARY:

Medical Laboratory Scientist, Laboratory Services provides technical skills necessary to perform and report moderate or highly complex laboratory tests within a division of the clinical laboratory.

Specific Job Related Duties
Performs routine and complex laboratory procedures with accuracy and precision, following standard procedures and recognizes deviation from expected results.
Reviews and evaluates accuracy of lab data and reports patient results with all required documentation.
Performs, records and evaluates quality control data according to procedures including checking expiration dates and documentation of QC performance before use.
Performs and documents required maintenance procedures for laboratory instruments and equipment as assigned.
Recognizes equipment malfunctions and troubleshoots according to protocol.
Recognizes factors that affect measurements and results and takes appropriate action.
Ability to work independently within established guidelines, apply problem-solving skills, meet deadlines and meet urgent patient, provider, and system needs.
Reviews and suggests revisions for test procedures.
Participates in evaluations of new tests or instruments, as assigned.
Monitors inventory for proper levels, notifies person responsible for ordering when supplies needed, and receives and unpacks supplies when delivered.
Instructs and trains employees and students. May assess staff for competency.
Communicates pertinent information to staff members, management, medical directors, and other divisions.
Performs laboratory testing as required per division.
Available to cover different shifts if requested to guarantee patient care.
Adheres to internal controls and reporting structure.
Adheres to all safety protocols in each laboratory area.
Preferred Skill/Competency

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES
Strong organizational skills
Strong diagnostic and problem-solving skills with ability to provide multiple options for problem resolution.
Competent use of personal computers and general office applications, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Microsoft Outlook
Ability to handle and safeguard confidential and sensitive information.
Effective problem-solving skills.
#ld #lmd01 #cls

Preferred Work Experience

Generalist expereince preferred.

Equal Employment Opportunity
UTMB Health strives to provide equal opportunity employment without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information or veteran status. As a VEVRAA Federal Contractor, UTMB Health takes affirmative action to hire and advance women, minorities, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.

Req id: 70792 Apply
