Job Description


Position Overview:

Catalent hires people with a passion to make a difference to the health of millions of people globally. Your expertise, coupled with Catalent’s advanced technologies and collaboration with thousands of innovative pharmaceutical, biotech and healthcare companies, will help bring life-enhancing products to the people you know and love. Your talents, ideas and passion are essential to our mission; to develop, manufacture and supply products that help people live better, healthier lives. Interested in learning more about life at Catalent? Start here

Position Summary

The Product Development Scientist reports to the Director, Process Development.

The cell therapy process development team at Catalent Pharma Solutions, formerly MaSTherCell USA is actively looking for a Process Development Scientist contributing to the development of cell therapy manufacturing processes. This position is responsible for development and technology transfer of cell therapy products, such as T cells, NK cells, stem cells, and other cell types potentially transduced with nucleic acids or viral vectors. The successful candidate will contribute to the design, execution, and analysis of development studies in the lab employing modern bioprocess methodologies such as Design of Experiment and Quality by Design. The ideal candidate for this position should have work experience in cell therapy process development, manufacturing science, and analytical methods.

The Role
Independently design and perform cell therapy manufacturing processes applying Quality by Design principles and Design of Experiment methodologies during the development;
Perform immune cell isolation, enrichment, activation, gene modification, expansion and cryopreservation utilizing functionally closed cell systems;
Responsible for development, scale-up/out, and verification of clinical stage manufacturing processes;
Act as the primary point of contact for assigned projects to support the technology transfer and GMP drug product manufacturing;
Assist in trouble shooting, deviation investigation and product impact assessment for projects employing developed technology/processes;
Participate in technical discussions and support client facing activities for the cell therapy process development team;
Understands project timelines and deliverables and plans/coordinates project work accordingly with departmental, functional and external stakeholders;
Work in a team environment and seamlessly coordinate activities across development, Manufacturing, QC and QA teams, senior management, clients, and other departments as needed;
Review, analyze and present the data to senior management and external stake holders;
The Candidate
Requires Bachelor’s degree with 6+ years OR Master’s degree with 4+ years of experience, OR Ph.D. and 2+ years of experience in a biotechnology, cell therapy industry;
Strong prefer experience with mammalian cell-culture, T-cells and other immune cells and GMP/GDP;
Familiarity with analytical methods typically used in the manufacture and characterization of cell therapy products is preferred;
Ability to consolidate data from statistically designed experiments using software packages (JMP or equivalent) would be a plus;
Good organizational and problem-solving skills, and attention to detail as well as the ability to report data, present findings to management is required;
Position Benefits
Opportunity to work with a growing department with high visibility to Senior Leadership
Medical, Dental, Vision and 401K are all offered from day one of employment
19 days of paid time off annually + 7 paid holidays
Leadership Competencies for Performance and Development
Leads with Integrity and Respect
Delivers Results
Demonstrates Business Acumen
Fosters Collaboration and Teamwork
Champions Change
Engages and Inspires
Coaches and Develops
Catalent offers rewarding opportunities to further your career! Join the global drug development and delivery leader and help us bring over 7,000 life-saving and life-enhancing products to patients around the world. Catalent is an exciting and growing international company where employees work directly with pharma, biopharma and consumer health companies of all sizes to advance new medicines from early development to clinical trials and to the market. Catalent produces more than 70 billion doses per year, and each one will be used by someone who is counting on us. Join us in making a difference.

personal initiative. dynamic pace. meaningful work.
Visit www.catalent.com/careers to explore career opportunities.

Catalent is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation or gender identity. If you require reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process due to a disability, you may submit your request by sending an email, and confirming your request for an accommodation and include the job number, title and location to DisabilityAccommodations@catalent.com. This option is reserved for individuals who require accommodation due to a disability. Information received will be processed by a U.S. Catalent employee and then routed to a local recruiter who will provide assistance to ensure appropriate consideration in the application or hiring process.

Notice to Agency and Search Firm Representatives: Catalent Pharma Solutions (Catalent) is not accepting unsolicited resumes from agencies and/or search firms for this job posting. Resumes submitted to any Catalent employee by a third party agency and/or search firm without a valid written & signed search agreement, will become the sole property of Catalent. No fee will be paid if a candidate is hired for this position as a result of an unsolicited agency or search firm referral. Thank you.
