Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

Even more exciting, Discount Tire is predicting, embracing and driving the changes expected in the Automotive Industry. In particular, Data and Analytics are seen as our competitive advantage. As a Data Scientist you will be central in helping our company Executives address short term and long-term opportunities. In this role, you will actively be involved in shaping the company strategy. We are leveraging a word class data environment so that this position can help us to:
Develop decision support and predictive solutions for customers and staff.
Leverage AI for pattern recognition and beyond
Optimize business outcomes
Gain insights from big data
As a Senior Data Scientist, you will collaborate with a large, multi-disciplinary team of solution architects, engineers and data scientists on a wide range of business problems. You will not only work on large scale projects to provide value to the customers but are also routinely involved in building our internal R&D capability to have an edge in the analytics industry. We work on providing solutions to a wide range of clients coming from various domains including oil & mining, financial services and retail industry.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with large, complex data sets. Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed. Conduct end-to-end analysis that includes data gathering and requirements specification, processing, analysis, ongoing deliverables, and presentations.
Work on advanced analytics areas like deep learning and complex statistical data analysis
Interaction with senior leadership and other business leaders to provide business recommendations with effective presentations of findings, including visual displays of quantitative information
Develop analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide the business solution to internal customers
Research and develop internal capabilities to enhance the skill-sets on latest data science developments, work towards producing innovative solutions to the existing challenges
Perform quality control of deliverables
Provide thought leadership in algorithmic and process innovations, and contribute to creativity in solving unconventional problems

Job Requirements


Qualifications:

Analysis
Experience with writing SQL queries, performing basic conversion and transformations (e.g. formatting date string), and obtaining statistical summaries by using windowing functions.
Experience with usage of R/RStudio, Python, Jupyter Notebook
Experience with version control tool like Git
Strong experience with Excel and PowerPoint to present results
Ability to write scripts to automate ETL tasks
Problem Solving
Ability to run standard model algorithms in Python, to perform: classification/regression, clustering, basic text analytics, image recognition, etc. E.g. run a classification problem using random forest, and obtain the variable importance, produce performance metrics/KPIs; run a k-means clustering problem, produce a KPI to quantify the goodness of clusters
Demonstrated skills in selecting the right statistical tools given a data analysis problem
Experience with charting tools & knowledge of the proper charting tool to use, such as Excel. For instance, when to use box-and-whiskers plot, when to use waterfall. Ability to zoom-in to smaller data sets or display subcategories
Capable of running multiple scenarios and pick up the optimal solution
Capable of understanding advanced mathematical or physical explanations, to implement or execute the requested tasks. E.g. Fourier Transform, Power Spectral Density, Monte Carlo simulation, etc.
Actively participates and contributes in brain-storming session. Can work seamlessly with people from other disciplines: IT engineers, SMEs, stakeholders.
Experience articulating business questions and using mathematical techniques to arrive at an answer using available data. Experience translating analysis results into business recommendations
Experience in AI / Deep Learning for text/image/video analytics preferred
Experience in Cloud Computing and data streaming preferred
Team & Business Skills
Consistently improves communication skills, both verbally and in written materials
Demonstrated creativity in problem solving
Demonstrated leadership and self-direction. Demonstrated willingness to both teach others and learn new techniques.
Flexibility in task switching. For instance, when there is urgent requests or change of projects, can accommodate the changes without protesting
Mindful of iterations and quality check in a smaller team, before presenting results to larger audience
Raises critical issues when detected
Educational Requirements:

Ph.D. in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, computer science, economics, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering or other STEM fields)

Work Experience

5+ years of relevant work experience in data analysis or related field. (e.g., as a statistician / data scientist / data engineer).

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to
