Job Description
We are currently seeking an innovative, disciplined, and results-oriented Data Analyst with relevant technical, business, and influencing skills to work in the Data Strategy & Analytics group within the Corporate Finance organization.

As a Data Analyst, you will leverage Microsoft’s Power Platform to create user-friendly dashboards, analysis, visualizations, and other end-to-end data solutions that support our company initiatives. Primary support/focus will be on our Public Access Business Segment, although cross over support to other business segments will occur.

The Data Analyst will also help drive and contribute to advancing the development of our Data Platform across the entire organization and to establish a best in class Data Strategy using the latest Microsoft Products.

About the role:
Design, develop and maintain a suite of best in class Data Strategy using Microsoft Power Platform
Simplify and communicate complex concepts to our Public Access business partners to drive data-driven outcomes
Advanced Data Visualization skillset to design and deploy Power BI Dashboards and Reports
Provide necessary technical coaching, mentoring, and training across multiple stakeholder groups to drive adoption of the Data Platform across the organization
Actively engage in the research and deployment of emerging technologies (i.e. Data Lake, Power Platform, Common Data Service, Common Data Model, etc.)
Flexible and capable of prioritizing competing tasks, timelines, and work streams
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science, Analytics, or another quantitative discipline
3+ years of experience as a Data Analyst creating solutions using Microsoft Power Platform
Advanced MS SQL experience
Experience with designing the data flow of the entire end-to-end Data Strategy landscape (i.e. source systems, data integration, consolidation, and reporting).
Ability to break down complex problems and projects into manageable goals and align data initiatives with the overall Data Platform Strategy.
Ability to influence across all levels of the organization and to partner effectively with cross-functional teams.
Experience with Finance systems, data concepts, and business processes.
Highly motivated self-starter with ability to work efficiently with minimal supervision and direction
Must be flexible and willing to work to meet the demands of the business which may include evenings, weekend, and holidays
International travel may be required, so must possess a valid Passport and/or Travel Documentation

Company Description
About NAGRA (Kudelski Group):
NAGRA is the worldwide leader in delivering secure, end-to-end digital media technologies that service providers can rapidly deploy to generate and protect revenues. Our solutions address the entire digital media ecosystem with a focus on leveraging innovations and elevating the consumers digital entertainment experience.

120 leading service providers worldwide have entrusted us as a natural ally for generating and securing revenue from content delivered to hundreds of millions subscribers.

NAGRA has unparalleled know-how and experience in the delivery of complete, end-to-end and secure digital media solutions, with a proven track record that spans two decades. NAGRA is independent from any media group or service provider, and is part of the Kudelski Group (SIX:KUD.S), a global technology leader.
