We are currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist to help Vanguard succeed on our quest to change the way the world invests. You will develop, implement, and evolve analytic solutions that drive our Retail business. You will tackle the most crucial and challenging opportunities we face and work with exceptional colleagues across disciplines. Together we will ensure Vanguard continues to give all investors the best chance for investing success.

Our mission: Retail Data and Analytics Solutions has been established as a center of excellence for advanced analytics and data for Vanguard’s Retail business. Our mission is to amplify the value of Vanguard’s information and bring it to bear on the challenges our clients face.

The Team: We are a team of highly talented, cross-disciplinary individuals embedded within Vanguard’s Retail business to drive innovation and transformation in pursuit of ambitious goals. Our team of data engineers, data scientists, and developers is equipped to swiftly create fully integrated solutions that improve key outcomes. We are focused on improving as fast as we can, constantly evolving, and challenging ‘business as usual’.

Core Responsibilities
Leads the execution of large scale, more complex analytics projects. Applies significant quality control and risk assessment of the model, methodologies, outputs, and processes for major data science projects.
Leads and executes deep dive diagnostic, predictive, and prescriptive analytics to support data-driven business decision making. Creates alternative model approaches to assess complex model design and advance future capabilities. Mentors and develops junior data scientists and analysts.
Identifies and diagnoses data inconsistencies and errors, documents data assumptions, and forages to fill data gaps.
Engages with senior leadership to understand and probe business processes in order to develop hypotheses. Brings structure to requests and translates requirements into an analytic approach.
Guides test design, research design, and model validation. Provides statistical consultation services. Serves as the analytics expert on cross functional teams for large strategic initiatives and contributes to the growth of the Vanguard analytic community.
Prepares and delivers insight presentations and action recommendations. Communicates complex analytical findings and implications to business leaders.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Minimum of eight years related work experience in analytical roles. Experience with data wrangling required - Programming skills to access, transform and prepare large scale data for statistical modeling. Experience utilizing statistical and machine learning methods required.
Undergraduate degree in Analytics, Applied Mathematics, Economics, Statistics or related analytical field of study or equivalent combination of training and experience. Graduate degree preferred.
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
