Job Description
The Business Intelligence Analyst will be a key member of the finance team and provide support in analyzing weekly & monthly performance along with supporting strategy. This Business Intelligence Analyst will have the unique opportunity to work in a financial and analytical capacity, interact with other business lines, implement and leverage exciting technology and learn how to build highly scalable, data-driven finance functions.

BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ANALYST JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

Design, develop and maintain a business performance framework that will support the business cadence based on the relevant set of KPIs (weekly, monthly, quarterly, new reporting etc.).

Automate as much as possible all aspects of the reporting using the online solutions and tech stack: SQL,Tableau/Qlik, and Excel

Assist with financial modeling using BI tools as well as SQL

Understand the relationship of cost of sales to revenue and which levers to manage to drive up gross margin

Design and develop data sources, reports, and dashboards and optimize the data-mining performance.

Support reporting solutions, such as Tableau, including participation in internal user groups, training, developing new standards, and being a resource the business can rely on for questions or issues.

Ensure understanding of available data within the enterprise data warehouse and provide recommendations for enhancement.

BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE ANALYST QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelors degree in accounting, business, finance or related field

3+ years experience

Experience with SQL as well as Business Intelligence tools and/or models

Proficiency in advanced Excel functions such as vlookup, index/match, pivot tables

Strong oral and written communication skills.

Strong presentation skills.

Strong computer skills.

Excellent organizational and prioritizing skills.

Strong mathematical skills.

Excellent reasoning skills.

Strong analytical and decision making skills.

Basic knowledge of statistical formulas, methodologies, and applications.

BENEFITS & SALARY

Salary Range $75k - $95k Base

Medical/dental/vision

401K

Generous PTO

Email your resume to Melissa@kingmelissa.com

MELISSAKING

480.620.8860

www.kingmelissa.com
