Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona is a local, independent Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and a not-for-profit health insurance company headquartered in Phoenix. Founded in 1939, the company has more than 1,800 dedicated employees throughout its Phoenix, Tucson, Chandler and Flagstaff offices. Providing health insurance products, services and networks to more than 1 million Arizonans, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona offers various health plans for individuals, families, and small and large businesses. Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona also offers Medicare supplement plans to individuals over age 65.

Blue Cross Blue Shield of Arizona helps to fulfill its mission of improving the quality of life of Arizonans by delivering a variety of health insurance products and services to meet the diverse needs of individuals, families, and small and large businesses as well as providing information and tools to help individuals make better health decisions.
Purpose of the job
Support various projects specific to: provider negotiations, network development, value-based care, population health management, utilization management programs, reimbursement policy, and other medical cost containment and value solutions.
ESSENTIAL job functions AND RESPONSIBILITIES
INTERN Performs job Functions under general supervision or peer review
Assist with analyses in support of providing analytical solutions to current and new projects.
Contribute to ad-hoc projects.
Assist in creating and modifying reports.
Participate in transforming data into meaningful and actionable information.
Validate accuracy of files and analysis. Be aware of standards and be able to explain if results deviate from those standards, and why.
Find solutions to basic problems, and finding more efficient ways in delivering quality products and analyses.

BCBSAZ does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected group.
Qualifications
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Required Work Experience
College-level coursework related to actuarial science, mathematics, economics, statistics, analytics, data science, healthcare administration, biostatistics, healthcare innovation, or related field

Required Education
High-School Diploma or GED in general field of study
At least 2 years attendance at an accredited school pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree in a relevant field to these listed above.

Required Licenses
N/A

Required Certifications
N/A

competencies
COMPETENCIES
Required Job Skills
Basic skill in use of office equipment, including computers, phones, printers, etc
Basic proficiency in PC, databases, presentations, and word processing software
Basic proficiency in spreadsheet software
Preferred Job Skills
Able to program in SAS coding language or SQL and/or use SAS tools to pull and manipulate data.

Required Professional Competencies
Ability to understand problems and approach solutions using basic mathematical modeling.
Ability to maintain confidentiality and privacy.
Ability to research questions and understand if derived answers are reasonable.
