Sundance Consulting, Inc. (www.sundance-inc.net) is a Native-Owned/Woman-Owned, award-winning environmental and natural/cultural resources Small Business. Our success has been rewarded by a deep backlog of work and we look forward to continuing to accomplish our goals. We value your innovative thinking, technical expertise, business skills, and your ability to engage with our clients and our project teams. If you are a high-achiever with a client-focus and a passion for quality, innovative solutions, and environmental stewardship, you will be a perfect match with us.

We offer a competitive benefits package that includes paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental, & vision insurance, disability/life/ADD insurance, and a 401(k) with a generous matching program

Summary of Position

Under direction and supervision of the Project Manager, the Scientist II - Geologist works independently or in a team environment to achieve project objectives and goals while maintaining cost and schedule.

Duties & Responsibilities
Manage drilling contractors and sampling teams, and coordinate sampling with laboratory subcontractors.
Routinely collect, and report groundwater, soil, and soil vapor analytical results.
Provide site coordination, investigation, and remediation duties involving groundwater and vadose zone environments.
Perform thorough documentation of field activities.
Write major sections of Remedial Investigation (RI) reports.
Possess thorough understanding of the operation and calibration procedures for field equipment such as organic vapor detectors, GPS units, and vadose zone and water quality instrumentation.
Make scientific interpretations of contaminate distribution in soil vapor and groundwater.
Develop weekly and monthly technical reports complete with data tables, graphs, and figures.
Write contractor scopes of work, technical memorandums, reports, and project planning documents such as APPs, SSHPs, Work Plans, and UFP-QAPPs.
Perform soil classification using the unified soil classification system, and ability to use lithologic software to develop cross-sections.
Understand RCRA requirements for permitted sites.
Provide oversight to subcontractors.
Perform general office functions in support of deliverable preparation.
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree in earth science, geology, or hydrology.
4- 8 years' experience with environmental well drilling, monitoring well installations, monitoring well development, and well abandonment methods as well as experience with multiple drilling methods/technologies (Air Rotary, Sonic, Hollow-stem Auger, Direct Push).
OSHA 40-Hour HAZWOPER Certification with current 8-hour refresher.
Ability to become a registered professional in technical field.
Experience with environmental data collection and documentation.
Ability to obtain military base pass or security clearance, as required.
Must understand and comply with company safety standards.
Exceptional attention to detail.
Outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to learn technical competencies for a variety of potential project types.
Proficient in Microsoft Office software applications, GIS platforms, and other geologic software programs such as Surfer, Strater, and Rockworks.
Ability to learn other software applications as necessary.


Working Conditions
Schedule of at least 40-50 hours per week with the ability to work 10 days on, 4 days off schedule.
Extended travel to support field work is a mandatory requirement of the position.
Ability to work outdoors in variable weather conditions.
Physical Requirements
Ability to lift a minimum of 50 pounds on occasion
Ability to pass drug screen and physical exam
Sundance is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with
disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
