Business Intelligence - Data Analyst

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Tempe Main - Tempe, AZ
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's Degree
Description
Inspiring hope. Empowering transformation from HOPE to HEALTH through COMPASSION, EFFORT and OWNERSHIP.

That’s what we do here at Crisis Response Network.

Join CRN!

We are looking for the "best-of-the-best" to support our expanding business. We are seeking a startup/agile minded Business Intelligence Data Analyst who is passionate about changing the world positively by transforming data into actionable, decision-based information.

Your position will be instrumental in developing and expanding our Business Intelligence, Analytics, and Reporting capabilities. From delivering standard, custom and ad-hoc reporting while refining automation, creating Business Intelligence dashboards, and deep dive data mining to evolving our analytical platform powering our business, customer integrity and growth.

This is both a "ground up" and "reboot" position, so it’s a unique combination of a startup and mature evolving business position. To thrive in this role you need to be entrepreneurial, a self-starter, great at working with others and leading by example leveraging best practice processes, frameworks and outside-the-box solutions that enable our rapid growth and culture.

The right candidate will have the opportunity to work in a super exciting environment with a great team of technologists experiencing accelerated growth. A strategic, critical thinker with a strong focus on data quality management principals with continuous improvement.

Our organization has got plenty of room for you to be creative, solve impossible challenges, try new technologies and have an impact. And…that's just the start... the possibilities are endless! Sound Exciting! CRN is looking for you..!

About You
Confident not arrogant
Curious; humble, hungry and hunting
Grasp new concepts quickly, an innovator, constantly striving for excellence
Detail-oriented; challenging the status quo
Exceptionally strong communicator, listener, and collaborator
Strong desire to work within a fast-paced, constantly ambitious, startup environment
Team-player, yet fully capable of working independently
Accountable, ability to manage time effectively – delivering on commitments
Quality and excellence-driven; take pride in your work always be raising the bar
In this role you will:
Work with CRN Lines of Business leaders, stakeholders and consumers to understand and deliver data, analysis and reporting needs RIGHT THE FIRST TIME
Take ownership over data quality and integrity across all CRN Lines of Business including data sourcing, scrubbing and analysis
Collect and analyze data for validity and accuracy in the preparation of assigned reports
Identify, make recommendations and resolve identified anomalies in data reports
Utilize department/company software to prepare moderate to complex data queries
Create and deliver daily, weekly, monthly and adhoc analytic reports to a variety of internal and external stakeholders
Identify data and reporting challenges; develop and execute improvements
Help define how data will be stored, consumed, integrated, and managed by different data entities. This includes but is not limited to Excel, database (transactional, data marts, data warehouse, and data lakes)
Define and develop procedures; design and develop ETL processes and data storage strategy necessary to support CRN reporting and analytic applications
Education
Bachelor's degree and 3 plus years of experience or
High school diploma / GED and 5 plus years of experience
Desired Experience / Skill / Knowledge
3+ years Business Intelligence, Data Analysis, Data Quality and Reporting experience
Working with business partners to determine reporting/data/visualization requirements
Proven experience providing data dictionary/metadata documentation
Proven experience creating and analyzing reports
Strong data skills - must be comfortable analyzing large quantities of data to create aggregated summaries, develop models, and extract insights to identify data patterns
Strong data management and relational database design skills - familiarity with data formats, table joins, building and executing complex queries and procedure automation
Expert SQL knowledge - Stored Procedures, Query Structure and Optimization, Views
Expert experience with MSBI Stack (SSRS/SSIS/SSAS)
Strong experience in ETL design and tuning
Advanced MS Excel knowledge - Lookups, Macros, Pivots, VBA Functions
Proficiency with IBM Cognos Analytics (report creation, administration and scheduling)
Proficiency with Tableau (dashboard development, Tableau Server, desktop
Nice to Have Experience / Skill / Knowledge
Programming / Scripting Languages - Python / R
Data Visualization Tools - Looker, Qlik
Healthcare industry experience / knowledge (claims, electronic health records, etc)
Why join CRN!!
Attitude: Startup – entrepreneurial culture; creativity, innovation and accountability
Competitive salary with excellent growth opportunities; we value ourselves in having a team that exudes leadership, challenging itself continuously raising the bar
Awesome Health/Benefits: We offer a suite of benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, company paid life insurance and 401k options
Paid vacation and Holidays
Training and Development: We utilize Pluralsight for technical skills growth and development
Great Location: We are headquartered in Tempe centrally located near Phoenix and surrounding cities.
