General Information

Location:

US-AZ - Phoenix

Position Type:

Full Time

Virtual Eligible:

No

Job Category:

Academic Affairs

Ref #:

4691

Description and Requirements

Overview

Job Requirements

The Operations Research Scientist is responsible for developing advanced decision technologies, analytical methods and tools for the management, planning, and optimization of University operations, strategies and student learning.

Responsibilities

Accountabilities

PRIMARY ACCOUNTABILITIES:

1. Participate in the execution of University business analytics and learning analytics projects by conducting qualitative and quantitative analysis and build analytical models on data from existing databases, observations, and business and learning processes.

2. Implement innovative decision technologies and solutions for business planning, management and optimization projects that are consistent with the University's mission and business agenda/needs.

3. Excel in applying advanced analytical, statistical, simulation and/or optimization methods that are related to project work. Provide sound perspective on modeling approach, technique and tools in resolving the business problem.

4. Contribute in preparing reports and presentations on research findings and communicate project results both externally and internally.

5. Based on final model output and findings, may advise the management and project stakeholders on the appropriate course of actions to take for the project objectives.

6. May assist business groups in program or procedure evaluation, review, and implementation.

7. Develop plans for and participate in publishing and presentation of research findings via scholarly journals and conferences in the field.

8. Maintains and increases professional and technical knowledge and currency via self-research and by attending conferences, workshops and training, reviewing journal publications, establishing personal networks, and participating in professional societies. Researches latest techniques and tools to continuously enhance the discipline.

9. Performs other duties as assigned or apparent.

NOTE: The primary accountabilities below are intended to describe the general content and requirements of this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive statement of duties. Incumbents may perform all or most of the primary accountabilities listed below. Specific goals or responsibilities will be documented in the incumbents' performance objectives as outlined by the incumbents' immediate supervisor or manager.

Supervisory Responsibilities

No direct supervisory responsibility.

Qualifications

Job Skills

MINIMUM KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Ph.D. in Industrial Engineering & Operations Research, Statistics, Mathematics, Management Science or other management/quantitative discipline.
Minimum 3 years hands-on experience in mathematical/statistical model building for business operations management.
Two (2) years' Experience in C++, C#, or Java programming, so as to call solver libraries.
Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server and statistical modeling software, such as SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Enterprise Miner, R Studio, SPSS Modeler, or JMP as demonstrated through three (3) years of experience.

PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:
Required mathematical/statistical skills include regression analysis (linear, logistic, parametric), survival models, forecasting models, factor/component analysis, optimization (linear, integer, mixed-integer, quadratic, combinatorial programming), decision trees, segmentation and cluster analysis, and pattern recognition.
Proficient in statistical programing tools, such as SAS, R, SPSS or Matlab programming.
Experience in using optimization solver libraries, such as CPLEX, AIMMS or frontline Solvers.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively interact with internal and external customers and department staff. Must be able to follow verbal directions and instructions from the management to perform project work.
Knowledge of applicable business and learning systems, in conjunction with proficient knowledge in operations research techniques.

#LI-KN1

As an Equal Opportunity employer, we particularly encourage applications from members of historically underrepresented racial/ethnic groups, women, individuals with disabilities, veterans, LGBTQ community members, and others who demonstrate the ability to help us achieve our vision of a diverse and inclusive community.
