Job Description
Job Summary

The Business Intelligence Analyst is customer focused and facilitates turning data into information to drive business processes and monitoring. The position collaborates to ensure relevant analysis and complete, timely reporting is provided to meet TriWest business needs and Veteran’s Administration’s Healthcare requirements. Facilitates meetings, identifies, collects, organizes and prioritizes data requirements and business processes changes to meet reporting requirements. Clarifies complex business issues and recommends solutions. Advocates business process improvement through data analysis, process change and technology application.

Education & Experience

Required

o Bachelor's degree in Business or any other relevant degree or equivalent experience
o 3 - 5 years experience in a Business Analyst or data analysis role.
o Advanced knowledge of Business Intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, SSRS, SAS)
o Experience with process flow documentation and design
o Moderate SQL development skills

Preferred

o 2 - 5 years experience in a healthcare environment
o Experienced Tableau user
o Experience with statistical analysis tools (e.g. SAS, R, etc.)
o Clinical analytics experience
o Call Center reporting experience
o Healthcare Claims reporting experience
o Experience developing Tableau dashboards
o Experience with geo-spatial analysis tools (e.g. ESRI)

Key Responsibilities

• May lead project team assignments of moderate scope requiring expert technical skills or good understanding of business functions. Coaches, mentors and trains team members.
o Key member of business insights team requiring expert technical skills or good understanding of business functions. Documents the reporting process; works collaboratively with team members.
o Responds under short turnaround times to provide data and answer detailed questions on data and trends.
o Effectively educates end users on what reports mean by telling the story behind the report.
o Develops, delivers and maintains quality IT solutions to support business processes, in line with IT guidelines and architectures.
• Balances clients'business requirements and preferred technical architecture. Recommends creative and innovative solutions to business or technical problems. Provides client support for operation systems consistent with service level agreements (SLA's). Ensures work is technically sound and in compliance with established quality and timeliness standards.
o Simplifies or eliminates low value-added work processes..

o Takes active steps to increase understanding of client's business environment, priorities and processes, and emerging technology issues.
o Delivers analysis/reporting product and support while managing clients’ expectations. Interfaces with customer and other departments to ensure project objectives are achieved. Interacts with vendors on routine testing matters.
o Analyzes and identifies core business processes for application design.
o Communicates issues openly, honestly, and timely with peers, management and customers.
• Prepare and present new initiatives to to senior leadership to help obtain buy-in and support.
o May work with vendors to clarify and resolve tool/software functionality issues.
o Participates in the definition, implementation, and execution of best-practices.
o Regular and reliable attendance is required.
Company Description
Taking Care of our Nation's Heroes. It's Who We Are. It's What We Do.

Since our founding in 1996, TriWest Healthcare Alliance has been On a Mission to Serve our nation's Veterans and military community.

For 17 years, we administered the Department of Defense TRICARE program. We have been proud to serve those who wear America's uniform, those who came before them and their family members. Today, we are privileged to support the health care needs of our nation's Veterans, offering access to quality provider networks and excellent customer service through the Veterans Choice Program.
