About the Team

There are a lot of activities that happen in our stores, so we have 2 operations teams to make sure things run smoothly: Store Operations team and Services Operations team. Store Operations leads all operations in the core section of our stores including merchandise execution, process improvement, associate engagement, live pet care, and labor optimization. Our Services group leads all the efforts for Pet Grooming, PetsHotel, Doggie Day Camp and Pet Training. Both teams work hard to take care of our associates, pets, and pet parents while also working to grow this unique piece of our business.

About the Job

SUMMARY

This position will be responsible for revenue management and strategic analytics specific to the hotel and pet training services businesses. The candidate will be responsible for in-depth analysis, measurement, reporting and includes making strategy recommendations for the business to grow revenue and margin based on data insights. Self-motivated, curious, proactive and forward thinking, the candidate will have advanced analytical skills, but at the same time is hands on, allowing the candidate to implement what they recommend.

This position will be responsible for revenue management and pricing strategy including the full lifecycle of changes from opportunity identification, execution and reporting. The role will involve working with legacy systems as well as being instrumental in development, roll and management of revenue and capacity management capability associated with new systems. This role will require strong cross functional collaboration, working closely with Home Office and the Field to ensure the best possible business outcomes.

KEY COMPETENCIES include, but are not limited to the following:
Strong analytical and problem solving skills (advanced data analytics)
Must be very organized and detail oriented
Must be a curious, motivated self-starter with ability to work accurately, independently and meet deadlines
Ability to communicate effectively within and across the organization
Ability to work in a fast-paced multi-faceted environment
Strong business writing skills, with a demonstrated track record of delivering persuasive, data-driven recommendations with clear ‘so what’ takeaways that are consumable by senior leadership
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include, but are not limited to:
Performs proactive in-depth analysis, measurement, reporting and makes recommendations for the business to grow revenue and margin based on data insights
Leverages Big Data, and Advanced Analytics to analyze the business and capitalize on opportunities, to drive sustainably improved business results
Leads revenue management and pricing strategy, identifying opportunities, implementing pricing, new store pricing and price adjustments in order to maximize margin and minimize customer impact.
Guides Hotel and Pet Training business financial and labor planning, forecasting and reporting. Partners closely with labor, services solutions, finance to ensure targets are met
Leads development of business models to project financial impact and implications of Hotel and Pet Training business initiatives/strategies. Measures and reports financial impact of business initiatives (business tests, promotions, new locations etc).
Supports development of management presentations and business reviews; gathers and summarizes data from various sources (BI, CRM, market and demographics data, field insight, etc.).
Partners across broader Services organization to identify opportunities to collectively leverage the business and implement findings / analytical methods identified elsewhere in the team to the Hotel and Training business.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE

Bachelors degree in Business, Finance or related field required and 6-10 years related experience in business analytics. Retail or services industry experience preferred.

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Proficient in using Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint (and Tableau preferred)
Strong business analytical skills, including advanced usage of data tools and applications.
SQL & Microstrategy (intermediate/advanced)


CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

None required.

TRAVEL

Some travel is occasionally required (less than 25% of the time). Mostly visits to the field and an occasional tradeshow.

About the Culture

Our home office offers outstanding amenities in a fun and rewarding workplace including:
Pet friendly environment, bring your pets to work!
A work-life balance and family events such as movie nights, art events and holiday festivals
“Top Dog” gym with equipment, fitness classes, massage therapists and personal trainers
“Sit & Stay” Café serving fresh breakfast and lunch options
Starbucks cart—productivity at its finest!
“Lil’ Paws” learning center and onsite daycare facility
Volunteer events with PetSmart Charities
