Essential Functions
Collects industry and client specific data to establish and identify baselines and trends across the organization's customer portfolio.
Analyzes how clients and vendors compare in the industry, where they can improve and where they can reduce costs.
Analyzes historical trends and current market conditions to help project the outcome of implementing certain business strategies.
Analyzes and creates underwriting packages for Client (hospice) and Partner (vendor) fee schedules. This analysis is to include the projected profitability as well as complete the CEO Contracts Analytics Package.
Provides post contract implementation support to validate that the contract fee schedule has been loaded into the system properly for both clients and partners.
Creates and maintains an active model for all client and partner metrics to evaluate system billing accuracy. Measures, benchmarks and evaluates product utilization, margins and profitability, including the review of variances on patient day types, non-contracted provider spend, non-formulary spend and variances in billings versus payables.
Creates ad hoc analytics projects and on-going customer performance analytics to support leadership with account review of costs and specific spend. Analyzes new contract pricing, the restructure of current contracts, and other projects as assigned.
Supports the ongoing review of relationships between client and partner fee schedules and identifies revenue optimization and cost consolidation opportunities to improve profitability throughout the network.
Marginal or Additional Functions
Acts as a resource for others by providing training, education and responding to contract and operational related questions. This may include but is not limited to responding to questions about the contract terms and conditions, processes and procedures.
Performs other duties as assigned or apparent.
Knowledge, Skills& Abilities

Education Licensure or Certification:
A thorough knowledge and understanding of business, finance or accounting as normally obtained through the completion of a Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Finance or Accounting.
Work Experience or Related Experience:
Three to five years of analytical experience with emphasis on pricing and market analysis.
Experience in the healthcare or medical fields in which incumbents have gained an understanding of durable medical equipment is strongly preferred.
Specialized Knowledge, Skills& Abilities:
A high level of professionalism, customer service and discretion is required to represent the organization and interact with other organizations as described.
Exceptional in-depth understanding of healthcare insurance and insurance knowledge and related operations is required.
Knowledge of provider fee schedule development in healthcare.
Advanced software skills including word processing, spreadsheet analytics, presentations, etc. are required to perform the functions described.
Detail orientation with strong analytical and mathematical skills are essential.
Effective project management skills and the ability to remain focused and organized given multiple priorities is essential. This includes the ability to prioritize, multi-task, work under pressure and with tight deadlines, and work independently toward objectives.
Strong communication, presentation and interpersonal skills is required.
Equipment:
Working knowledge of a PC, business and communications software (MS Office) and web-based tools are required.
Familiarity with Quick Book Enterprise software is strongly preferred.
Requirements
Experience in the healthcare or medical fields in which incumbents have gained an understanding of durable medical equipment is strongly preferred.
Analytical experience with emphasis on pricing and market analysis.
