Requirement 5+ years of experience as a Big Data Analyst. Experience in Big Data and Analytical technologies. Experience in Data Lake. Experience in Big Data Architecture. Experience in Data Warehouse. Experience in SQL. Experience with data normalization and denormalization techniques. Experience with Agile methodologies. Excellent communication skills. Responsibilities Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports. Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databasesdata systems. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets. Conduct full-life cycle analysis for data and reports including requirements, design and implementation. Work with management to prioritize business and information needs. Locate and define new process improvement opportunities. Founded in 1999, Resourcesoft, Inc. is a leading Technology Consulting and Professional Services organization. Headquartered in Marlborough, MA, the company serves the technology needs of its clients nationwide. Resourcesoft has often been recognized by prominent rating agencies for its exemplary growth and stability. With over two decades of industry experience, the Company has evolved as a front runner in enabling project optimization. We partner with leading organizations to provide technology solutions within the financial, insurance, education, government, publishing, healthcare and pharmaceutical domains. We take pride in mentoring a workforce that is well positioned to respond to the emerging IT trends and needs. With the employees at the crux of every business endeavor, our success is driven by our expertise in pairing the right talent with the best jobs in the technology sector. We forge long term, personalized relationships with our employees to advance their career to the next level. We engage them in technology centric client projects that provide opportunities for them to evolve, innovate and deliver world class products and services. Our career opportunities offer challenging assignments and exposure to emerging and cutting edge technologies.We are committed to providing our employees with the tools necessary to accelerate their career progression, while maintaining a healthy, work-life balance. We are deeply committed to providing a workplace ambience that is both challenging and fulfilling. Resourcesoft is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. For more information about Resourcesoft and our services, please visit us at www.resourcesoft.com httpwww.resourcesoft.com
