We're looking for game changers. People who love what they do and who they do it for. Providing consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance, R2C is a leader in delivering solutions for high priority national security concerns. Are you ready for a change?


R2C is seeking Data Scientists to support a client's technical requirements on a mission focused program within a challenging, dynamic setting located in the Washington Metropolitan Area.
We welcome the most challenging problems facing our national security and apply intellect, talent, and innovation to reach feasible and valuable solutions to each challenge. That means we expect our employees to bring their “A game,” and you have the right to expect the same from the company that employs you. We want to hear your ideas. We want to hear your concerns. We want to make sure you have what you need to do the best you can on the job and grow in your career with us over time. Almost all companies say they have a culture of inclusiveness and that they value employee input, but R2C puts that statement to work every day. It’s time for a change. Come and experience a company that cares.

Top Secret/SCI with Polygraph
Participate with iterative software development teams
Design, develop, and test code for a production system and demonstration capabilities
Develop iterative screen mock-ups
Provide demonstrations and detailed walk through to technical and non-technical audiences
Develop technical documentation and briefing materials to support program
Prepare Design and implement advanced code and table configurations for complex data sets
Compile data analysis and conduct needs assessments using deployed tools
Stay current on enterprise metadata collection tools

Experience programming with Python, Linux, and Bash
Experience with machine learning techniques including natural language processing
Experience with analytic methods and tools in applied mathematics, data modeling or probability and statistics
Experience using advanced Microsoft Excel methods
Experience with SQL in Oracle
Experience presenting complex, technical findings
Experience working with diverse data types
Experience with version controls systems such as Github
Experience to cleanse and process (Extract, Transform, Load – ETL) large raw data sets
Experience with developing data visualizations
Experience with creative problem-solving skills to address procedural and administrative issues within the assigned problem set
Experience with web analytics processing and procedures
Familiarity with Amazon Web Services infrastructure and/or the Commercial Cloud Services (C2S) environment
Experience suing Apache Hadoop and/or Apache Spark stack for big data processing
Experience using Docker, Kubernetes, and/or other similar data visualization tools
Experience in Agile software development teams using scrum techniques
The Reports and Requirements Company, LLC (R2C) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Buchanan & Edwards, and provides consulting services in operational support, intelligence collection, reporting, and data governance. Located in Arlington, VA, R2C offers expertise on a variety of national security topics, with specific focus on operational support, technical operations, policies and management of large volumes of data, analysis of large amounts of data, & effective approaches to evaluating and sharing data, and innovative techniques for information collection. Our consultants develop and deliver training programs on subjects including cyber intelligence, data governance and information sharing protocols, intelligence collection, and reporting techniques. R2C has a mission first culture and boasts the benefits & perks of a small company with the resources, stability, and career mobility of a large corporation. R2C is dedicated to fostering, cultivating and preserving a culture of diversity and inclusion. We are committed to crafting a workplace that endorses creativity and innovation, and promotes engagement through open communication, acceptance of new people and ideas, and a supportive team dynamic. R2C is an equal Opportunity Employer – Minorities / Women / Veterans / Individuals with Disabilities / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
#CJ
