Position Details
Department: Lab - Blood Bank

Category: Laboratory/Pathology

Location: Phoenix

Posting #: 504236

Date Posted: 3/6/2020

Employee Type: Regular

Position Summary

The Medical Laboratory Scientist II performs and interprets standard, complex and specialized laboratory tests. The MLS II has an understanding of the underlying scientific principles of laboratory testing as well as the technical, procedural, and problem-solving aspects. The MLS II correlates abnormal laboratory data with pathologic states, determines validity of test results and need for additional investigation. The MLS II has an understanding of quality control programs, and evaluates computer-generated data and troubleshoots problems. The MLS II is able to participate in the introduction, investigation and implementation of new procedures and in the evaluation of new instruments. The MLS II understands and enforces regulatory requirements and safety regulations. This position receives supervision of completed work activities from the supervisor.

PCH Values

Family-Centered care that focuses on the need of the child first and values the family as an important member of the care team
Excellence in clinical care, service and communication
Collaborative within our institution and with others who share our mission and goals
Leadership that set the standard for pediatric health care today and innovations of the future
Accountability to our patients, community and each other for providing the best in the most cost-effective way.

Position Duties

Prepares clear, technically sound, accurate and informative reports of standard, complex and specialized test results, analysis, and examinations to ensure timely and thorough data for patient treatment decisions. Performs full range of chemical, microbiologic, immunologic, hematologic ,and/or immunohematologic laboratory procedures, as related to specific job function within the laboratory.
Participates in the evaluation and/or development of new procedures, instrumentation, and quality improvement initiatives. Proactively evaluates practices and assists to create and implement changes to increase and enhance the effectiveness of methods.
Maintains professional and technical competency through constantly pursuing knowledge and self-improvement by remaining apprised of current literature, practices, and new developments in the fields covered by medical technology.
Participates in standard, complex and specialized patient testing and quality control testing of samples. Plans techniques based on assessment of findings and accepted protocols.
Differentiates and resolves technical, instrument, physiologic causes of problems or unexpected test results to determine presence of normal and abnormal components as related to specific job function within the laboratory.
Performs regular instrument maintenance in accordance with established instructions. Identifies and troubleshoots malfunctions to ensure continuous proper and safe operations. Understands and uses troubleshooting, validation, statistical, computer, and preventive maintenance techniques to ensure proper laboratory operation.
Assists peers with work assignments as appropriate.
Performs miscellaneous job related duties as requested.
