Overview


Envision Physician Services is a multispecialty physician group and practice management company. Established in 1953, our organization provides anesthesia, emergency medicine, hospital medicine, radiology, primary/urgent care, surgical services, and women’s and children’s health services to hospitals and health systems nationwide. Sheridan Healthcare, EmCare, Reimbursement Technologies and Emergency Medical Associates have recently joined forces to form Envision Physician Services. As one organization, we now provide a greater scope of service than any other national physician group. Our collective experience from hundreds of local, customized engagements, culture of continuous lean process improvement, and team of experts in the business of healthcare enable us to better solve complex problems and consistently give healthcare organizations confidence in our execution. Our combined organization serves more than 780 healthcare facilities in 48 states and the District of Columbia.

If you are looking for a stable, fast-paced, growing company in the healthcare industry that is committed to innovation, excellence and integrity, then this may be a great next step in the advancement of your career.

Position Summary:

The Clinical Data Analyst is responsible for developing and maintaining department systems, processes and protocols for providing analytical support and database management with excellent customer service and strict adherence to confidentiality.

Responsibilities
Work with operations, IT and clinical data resources (both within and outside of the company) to develop data systems and processes, and then ensure that clinical data is downloaded into clinical databases in a timely and secure fashion.
Serve as a consultant to regional operations, divisions, and medical directors in the analysis of specific clinical problems to include: statement of the problem, identification of data elements that might help better understand the problem, establishment of criteria for custom reports, running custom reports and analyzing results.
Independently create and monitor regular performance reports that update the organization on clinical aspects of the strategic plan, key performance indicators, and national initiatives; include progress summaries by operating unit and/or division. Work with large volumes of data sets and relational databases to merge, compare and contrast data from multiple sources.
Receive and analyze supplemental databases that are evaluated for data quality and format. Identify data aberrations and recognize data patterns that impact data outcomes. Correct minor errors related to formatting problems. Work directly with clients and external vendors to resolve problems or data issues that cannot be fixed internally.
Develop, generate and edit reports on a daily, weekly and monthly basis that may evolve into complex data analysis projects that this individual may be responsible for managing; as well as preparing any special ad hoc reports required by management.
Present data in a format that is appropriate for analysis to Clinical Services Team, the Divisional Management Team, and client administration. Select the correct information for calculating financial correlations table configuration, and graphical presentations.
Design and implement divisional reporting standards and templates, then build reporting mechanisms that demonstrate and track key performance metrics in operational, financial and patient and employee satisfaction areas, as well as any other areas determined by management.
Maintain systems for collection and analysis of clinical performance data and process data into periodic reports for management.
Run and distribute regular performance reports that update the organization on clinical aspects of the strategic plan, key performance indicators, and national initiatives; include progress summaries by operating unit, division, and nationally.
Take basic instructions or specifications and interviews the client for complete details sufficient for writing data queries based for ad hoc and ongoing health care measures.
Provide oversight and guidance to Data Analyst and Clinical Coordinators, as needed.
Serve as a resource to individual operations in their running of routine local clinical data reports. In collaboration with regional leadership, establish regular performance reports that update the organization on clinical aspects of the strategic plan, and key performance indicators.
Manage various assigned projects which may include research, analysis, compiling information, and recommendation actions as needed.
Adhere to all company policies and procedures.
Adherence to and compliance with information systems security is everyone’s responsibility. It is the responsibility of every computer user to: Know and follow Information Systems security policies and procedures. Attend Information Systems security training, when offered. Report information systems security problems.
May travel to local operations for meetings related to clinical data and maintaining jurisdictional requirements.
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications


To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.
Advance knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Power Point, and Access with a proven ability to create and maintain databases.
Proficient in Microsoft Word.
Experience in analytical problem solving (including statement of problem, identification and collection of pertinent data, analysis, recommendation, and re-evaluation) strongly preferred.
Healthcare experience and/or knowledge of medical terminology or Emergency Medical Services preferred.
Excellent interpersonal and problem resolution skills required.
Must have strong organizational skills with experience in managing multiple priorities, prioritizing, and meeting deadlines.
Effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills.
Education/Experience
Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in health sciences, information systems, statistics, or mathematics.
4 or more years’ experience in data analysis.
Computer Skills

To perform this job successfully, an individual should have knowledge of:
Advance knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Power Point, and Access with a proven ability to create and maintain databases.
Proficient in Microsoft Word.
If you are ready to join an exciting, progressive company and have a strong work ethic, join our team of experts! We offer a highly competitive salary and a comprehensive benefits package.

Envision Physician Services uses E-Verify to confirm the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, please visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify.

Envision Physician Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
