Description The data engineer will be primarily attached to the data management team and provide much needed support to migrate data (and reports) from an existing legacy system to a new enterprise application. In addition, this resource will be deeply involved in the designing, development and documentation of a new enterprise data warehouse. Summary of Responsibilities bull Reverse engineering of existing reports to retrieve and document technical specifications (data source, column definitions, etc.). bull Data migration and mapping from legacy systems to a new transactional system. bull Building of a new data warehouse. Required Qualifications bull Exposure to cross-functional teams to facilitate solutions to meet business needs. bull Assisting in the preparation of strategic analysis and findings for department leadership and key stakeholders. bull Developing metrics and creating ad-hoc reporting as needed. Assist internal customers with acceptance and adoption of implemented solutions. bull Adhering to best practices for problem analysis, concept evaluation, systems design, database development, modification, testing, and evaluation to ensure quality and consistency. bull Conducting training to various audiences for data related issues and technical applications as needed. bull Recommending solution options for data and reporting needs, and provide technical advice where needed to support companywide objectives and goals and resolve problems. bull Interact with the business to understand change in processes, data implications and potential reporting modifications. bull Documenting the types and structure of the business data (logical modeling). bull Analyzing and mining business data to identify correlations among the various data points. bull Mapping and tracing data from source to target systems in order to solve a given business or system problem. bull Designing and creating data reports and dashboards to help the business in their decision making. bull Perform statistical analysis of business data. bull Ability to perform root cause analysis. Required Technical Qualifications bull SQL Development bull Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel bull SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) bull SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau Bonus Technical Qualifications bull OLTP and OLAP modelling and design bull Data warehousing concepts bull Power BI
