As an Azure Data Engineer (BI Engineer) at Cable One, you will develop and maintain strategic tools and reports needed for Cable One to make data-driven decisions across any and all lines of business. You will also perform complex data analysis and present the harvested information. If you have Azure experience and love all things data, this may be the right role for you!

At Cable One and our family of companies, we keep our customers and associates connected to what matters most. For our associates, that means: a thriving and rewarding career, respect for the communities where they live and work, a focus on health and wellness, an excellent work/life balance, and an open and inclusive workplace.

What this role does to contribute to the Company’s success:
Designs and develops queries, database objects, ETL packages, reporting structures, and other objects necessary to support detailed analysis and self-service reporting needs.
Troubleshoots data load failures or reporting inconsistencies to ensure that data presented is reliable, correct, highly available, and straightforward.
Collaborates with developers, database administrators, and data architects on reporting and data management projects as needed.
Maintains and augments capabilities of self-service reporting platform, allowing business users to locate and interrogate company data sources with minimal guidance from reporting team.
Provides elevated strategic assistance to the BI Director and the BI team by making recommendations in the areas of report design, data management, and best practices.
Works with other BI Engineers and BI Analysts to create dashboards, scorecards, reports, and other executive-facing products.
Builds, maintains, and communicates detailed reporting models to assist corporate leadership in evaluating potential ventures, as well as identifying current operational weaknesses.
Critically evaluates information gathered from multiple sources, reconciles conflicts, decomposes high-level information into details, abstracts up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguishes user requests from the underlying true needs.
Performs advanced data analysis, data modeling, and cube development.
The BI team operates in a scrum environment; therefore, this position may fulfill the role of team member or scrum master depending upon the needs of the group.
This position has the expectation and responsibility to take on other duties needed to help drive our Purpose, fulfill our Brand Principles, and abide by our Organization’s Values.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree (B. A) from four-year college or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Bachelor’s degree in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics preferred.
Proven demonstration of exemplary ability to complete the functions of a BI Engineer I or similar position.
This position requires up to 10% travel.
Ability to acquire and maintain BI continuing education credentials according to the BI training curriculum.
Knowledge of BI best practices.
Proven skills in data management and report development.
Advanced Excel/data management skills required.
Strong organizational and time management skills with the ability to successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously.
Strong knowledge of data warehouse design, data modeling, SQL, Excel, SQL/Relational database management, Power BI and other related tools.
Experience with Azure required. Experience with Azure DevOps, Data Factory, ML, MLOps, Azure Functions, Event Hub, Delta Lake, and other similar offerings strongly preferred.
Core Competencies:
Committed: Values each and every customer, while working hard to keep their business and support our communities.
Helpful: Delivers support in the ways that are most useful to our customers and addresses their needs with expertise, respect, and empathy.
Proactive: Understand what our customers need, and actively works to make their relationship with use seamless, easy, and rewarding.
Personal: Knows our customers well, and tailors our communications and interactions to address their needs and expectations.
Benefits: Cable One appreciates the role our associates’ play to help the company grow, and in return an excellent benefits package is offered to our associates to recognize the importance of their contributions, such as:
Medical, Dental, and Vision Plans – Start your 1st Day
Paid Time Off (Vacation, Holiday, and Personal/Sick Days)
401k - 100% Company Match (match program starts after 1 year of service, up to 5% of salary)
Life Insurance (self, spouse, children)/ Business Travel Life Insurance!
Plus other perks:
Tuition Reimbursement (up to $5,250 on 1st year)
Up to seventy five dollars a month towards cable and internet services
Annual community support to various organizations across the U.S.
Cable One Associate Recognition & Award Program
Advancement opportunities
Collaborative work environment
Onsite fitness center
Food truck Tuesdays
Diversity lies in the communities we serve and among the associates who dedicate themselves to ensure our continued success. Here at Cable One, we believe it is our individual and unique talents, backgrounds and perspectives that, when combined, truly make us an unstoppable force. "Stronger Together" is not just a verbal cue, it is the motto that our associates live by, exemplify and embody each and every day. Cable One and all of its subsidiaries provide Equal Employment Opportunities to all individuals of different races, colors, creeds, national origins, genders, marital and veteran statuses.

Please apply directly at https://tinyurl.com/ycqdhb98

If you don't apply directly on our website, you may be kindly reminded to do so soon after you apply.

Job Type: Full-time

COVID-19 considerations:
There have been several communications regarding how the company is responding to COVID-19 to continue to provide our customers the connectivity they need while maintaining safety a priority. Learn more at: http://one2one.sparklight.com/tag/coronavirus/

Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
8 hour shift
Company's website:
https://www.sparklight.com/about/careers
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
