Na Ali’i is seeking a financial data analyst to support the Office of Financial Operations (FMO) within the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management & Comptroller) (ASN(FM&C)), in areas such as Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness Program Support, Program Management Support, Financial Management and Accounting Operations, and Systems Support. This position will support FMO in providing timely, accurate, and useful information for policies, procedures, and direction on accounting, finance, management control, financial services, and financial systems, as well as serve as liaison with external organizations for financial operations.

Leverage analytical and data-mining skills to process a variety of information, evaluate costs and benefits, and solve complex financial problems.
Conduct research and analyze data and review financial/budget data. Conduct variance analysis and perform data reconciliations. Provide data analysis and data visualization support to derive actionable insights using tools MS Excel, Access, and other MS Office suite applications.
Prepare routine correspondence, reports and briefings, and prepare and deliver actionable information in presentations appropriate for senior-level managers and non-technical audiences.
Review operating budgets, analyze trends and identifying ways to improve efficiency and increase profits.
Provide financial management support to client in various aspects of the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, Execution (PPBE) and reporting of FMO budget requirements as it relates to FMO operational requirements and audit readiness and to all appropriate stakeholders.
Analyze the budget and its execution strategy to include planning, scheduling, and coordinating actions in all phases of budgeting and execution activities for multi-year Financial Improvement and Audit Readiness (FIAR) programs
Analyze and report data from PBIS, STARS, SABRS and other budget and execution tools.

Skills/Qualifications: Candidate should possess:
Exercises substantial autonomy in the day-to-day planning and management of work requirements. Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality. Works collaboratively and exercises solid judgement in decision-making.
Excellent technical skills, organizational and planning skills, communication, and problem-solving skills, problem analysis, takes initiative and is adaptable and customer service oriented. Specifically, the ideal candidate will be familiar with, and have experience in working with large datasets or databases and possess strong quantitative ability and a keen eye for detail and accuracy.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications with emphasis in Word, Excel, Outlook, and on-line search engines required.
Understanding of the DON budget processes, systems, structures, policy and guidance desirable. Familiarity with SABRS and PBIS desirable.
Supportive of and collaborates effectively with co-workers to provide high quality outcomes in support of client requirements.
High standards for professional conduct in dealing with co-workers and clients.
Education and Experience:
This position requires a bachelor’s degree or higher in data science/analytics, statistics, mathematics, business management or an equivalent related field from an accredited institution. A minimum of three (3) years of progressive relevant professional experience in financial, cost, or operations research analysis support is required.
Experience working in or directly for Navy headquarters organizations is desirable.
Military Installation Access: This position resides on a military installation or within a government facility. Candidate must be able to qualify for and maintain a Common Access Card.
Clearance: This position requires an active SECRET security clearance.
The Nakupuna Companies are employers of equal opportunity that are committed to hiring a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, age, ancestry, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability or veteran status.
