Nows our time to
inspire the future of healthcare together.

Siemens Healthineers is a leading global medical technology company with
over 170 years of experience and 18,000 patents. More than 48,000
dedicated colleagues in over 70 countries are driven to shape the future of
healthcare. We stand with our customers around the world to support them in
delivering high quality care to their patients. An estimated 5 million
patients across the globe benefit every day from our innovative technologies
and services in the areas of diagnostic and therapeutic imaging, laboratory
diagnostics and molecular medicine, as well as digital health and enterprise
services. This is what truly matters to us.

At Siemens Healthineers, we
are passionate about enabling healthcare professionals to deliver high quality
patient care, and to do so affordably. A leading global healthcare
company, Siemens Healthineers continues to strengthen our portfolio of medical
imaging and laboratory diagnostics, while adding new offerings such as managed
services, consulting, and healthcare IT services as well as further
technologies in the growing market for therapeutic and molecular diagnostics.

Siemens Healthineers develops
innovations that support better patient outcomes with greater efficiencies,
giving providers the confidence they need to meet the clinical, operational and
financial challenges of a changing healthcare landscape.

Join our team now at Siemens
Healthineers as Post Doctoral MR Research Scientist in Tucson, AZ.

This is a role
well suited to an ambitious professional, looking for the next step in their
career. As a Post Doctoral MR Research Scientist, you will be responsible for:

You will drive the development of novel,
clinically relevant techniques (MR pulse sequences and image
reconstruction) with our research partners.
You will develop and release prototypes
of novel techniques in compliance with highest source code quality.
You will evaluate prototypes and publish
results in peer-reviewed journals.
You will conduct original research
resulting in patent applications.
You will develop and manage research
collaborations with academic partners to drive MR research and translate
this knowledge into MR products.
You will take part at the knowledge exchange
with our R&D team to improve and further develop our products and
software solutions
This position may suit you
best if you are familiar with what is below, and would like to do develop
your career with Healthineers
C++ programming
Programming in IDEA pulse sequence
development environment
Programming in ICE image reconstruction
development environment


Required skills to have for the success of this role

Ph.D. in Biomedical
or Electrical Engineering / Biomedical Physics / Imaging Physics, or
equivalent.
Strong collaboration
skills and ability to thrive in a dynamic environment.
Strong background in
MR physics and pulse sequence design.
Expertise in MR
imaging techniques and clinical applications.
Excellent communication and interpersonal
skills, ability to engage in complex team environments
Substantial
experience in C++/C software design, implementation and coding.
Outstanding writing,
presentation, and communication skills.
At Siemens Healthineers, we
value those who dedicate their energy and passion to a greater cause. Our
people make us unique as an employer in the med-tech industry. What unites and
motivates our global team is the inspiration of our common purpose: To innovate for healthcare, building on our
remarkable legacy of pioneering ideas that translate into even better
healthcare products and services. We recognize that taking ownership of our
work allows both us and the company to grow. We offer you a flexible and
dynamic environment and the space to move beyond your comfort zone to grow both
personally and professionally.

If you want to join us in
transforming the way healthcare is delivered, visit our career site at https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/careers.

If you wish to find out more
about the specific before applying, please visit: https://usa.healthcare.siemens.com/about.

As an equal-opportunity
employer we are happy to consider applications from individuals with
disabilities.

#LI-BI1

Organization: Siemens Healthineers

Company: Siemens Medical Solutions USA, Inc.

Experience Level: Experienced Professional

Job Type: Full-time

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
Siemens is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability unrelated to ability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, order of protection status, protected veteran or military status, or an unfavorable discharge from military service, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.

EEO is the Law
Applicants and employees are protected under Federal law from discrimination. To learn more, Click here.

Pay Transparency Non-Discrimination Provision
Siemens follows Executive Order 11246, including the Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision. To learn more, Click here.

California Privacy Notice
California residents have the right to receive additional notices about their personal information. To learn more, click here.
