Job Description
Job Summary:

As a Senior Data Analyst, you'll be responsible for providing insight across the entire organization; your contribution will enable fast and accurate business decisions and be central in encouraging a data-driven culture.

This role will regularly consult with various departments including content acquisition, marketing and leadership. You will identify business problems, assess/define what information is needed to guide effective decisions, plan report structure and appropriate inputs, extract/mine data and build out 'self-serve' reports to visualize performance in Domo.

General data management (routine review of data sources and datasets) and communicating complex concepts to end users in an easy-to-understand way will also be an important part of each day.

The Data Analyst customarily and regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment by developing the most appropriate methods for processing all available information necessary to develop strategic business initiatives and strategies. The Analyst will be responsible for driving processes from data collection and analysis to presentation of recommendations to senior management.

Job Functions:
This individual customarily and regularly exercises discretion and independent judgment as it relates to market analysis and data interpretation by using this information to compare and evaluate various strategies, recommending to management officials the best and most efficient means for carrying out these strategies and initiatives
Providing advice to and consulting with management officials as these initiatives and strategies are being implemented.
Apply special training, experience, or knowledge of data analytics and digital strategy independently.
Interpret raw data and identify any patterns in it
Practice impact/program evaluation of company initiatives
Propose process improvements to enhance business efficiency based on data insights
Obtain business data for critical decision-making purposes
Create relevant dashboards for day-to-day reporting
Build data visualizations that tell unbiased and insightful stories
Query data for internal reporting needs
Analyze macro and microeconomic trends that are relevant to the industry and synthesize findings with existing reports and data models
Utilize appropriate pre-built models and develop custom models to make predictions and derive insights from primary and secondary data sources
Develop and deliver internal and external business presentations
Maintain budget tracking and reporting
Required Qualifications:

1. Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience/training

2. 5-7 years experience in performance-based digital marketing, strong understanding of digital media landscape

3. Experience with analytics and/or development projects

4. Proactive nature. Humility/willingness to learn

5. Excellent communication skills/ability
Ability to train other team members
Proficiency in relational databases like SQL or MySQL

8. Ability to learn quickly and translate learning into executable ideas
Ability to design tests that support theories; includes defining expected outcome

10. Ability to work autonomously or as part of a team

11. Experience with Google Analytics

12. Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail
Proficient in data visualization tools —Domo, Tableau, Data Studio

14. Experience with AWS, Python, and JavaScript

15. Experience with pixel implementation
Company Description
Our Mission: Influence the Global Culture for Christ through Media.
