TAILWIND, a division of Audacious Studios is looking for a Junior Marketing Data Analyst.


Junior Marketing Data Analysts work as a bridge between the Business Intelligence and Digital Media Planning teams at Tailwind. They focus on analysis that drives results and help Tailwinds media analysts and clients collect, structure, store and visualize data in a way that speaks to people. Going beyond reporting, they thrive on exploring new technologies, educating their peers, and preparing for the AI driven transformation that is facing the marketing ecosystem through the cultivation of deep industry knowledge and technical insight.

THE MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE POSITION INCLUDE:


Collecting, cleaning, transforming, visualizing, and reporting on ongoing advertising campaign performance using Excel, Google Bigquery, and Google Data Studio.
Developing scalable systems and models for lead generation initiatives.
Educating the Tailwind media team to drive organization-wide analytics and statistical competency.
Working with the Tailwind media team to build, launch, analyze, optimize, and report on digital advertising campaigns.
Creating, auditing, and advising on Google Analytics & paid media publisher (Google Ads, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, etc.) analytics tracking based on Tailwind client initiatives.
Ensuring new and established processes comply with new and recent data protection and privacy laws.


Other Responsibilities may include:
Speaking to clients.
Managing digital media campaigns and budgeting processes.
Auditing and refining budget documents to ensure consistency, accuracy, and understandability.
Educating clients on ad platforms, best practices, and upcoming technologies, as well as current and upcoming data protection laws.
Presenting insights to a large crowd.
TECHNICAL SKILLS, EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE AND COMPETENCIES REQUIRED::
Mastery of Google Sheets and other capabilities within the Google Suite (Slides, Docs and Gmail)
Advanced Microsoft Excel Proficiency (Vlookup, Sumif, etc)
Basic SQL skills
Basic data modeling proficiency (Basic Joins, best practices)
Statistical knowledge
Basic stats required
Experimental knowledge (basic)
High school diploma. Bachelors degree (B.A) from a four-year university strongly preferred (business/marketing concentration a plus)
Strong desire and enthusiasm to learn and be a self-starter
A deep interest in data/analytics
Willingness to clean bathrooms - metaphorically
Attention to detail and a strong eye for proper grammar and spelling
Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritize multiple competing projects
Proven organizational skills
Critical thinking skills; both strategic and analytical


BONUS POINTS


Data Visualization experience (Data studio/Tableau/ Looker, etc)
Basic HTML/Javascript
Git/Source Control
Python analytics stack (Python, numpy, pandas, Jupyter notebooks)
Bigquery/Google cloud analytics experience
Google Analytics experience
Familiarity of SEM, digital marketing platforms, and technologies including but not limited to; search (paid and organic), display, social media, emailetc.
Google Tag Manager/Publisher tracking implementation


ABOUT US


Tailwind is a vibrant, fun-loving, and fast-paced place to work. If youre a self-starter who works well with autonomy and wants the opportunity to impact positive change in your workplace, youll excel here. We promise that as a member of our team, youll have variety, learn amazing things, and be part of a real team.Were proud of our culture, our process, and our clients. We work hard to make sure everyone we hire will be, too.

Is our team the right place for you? If this sounds like a fit, we cant wait to meet you.

READY TO APPLY?
Attach a cover letter and a tailored resume to your application and apply online.
