The Allstate Corporation is the largest publicly held personal lines property and casualty insurer in America. Allstate was founded in 1931 and became a publicly traded company in 1993. We are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ALL. Allstate is widely known through the "You're In Good Hands With Allstate " slogan. As of year-end 2013, Allstate had 123.5 billion in total assets. In 2014 Allstate was number 92 on the Fortune 500 list of largest companies in America. The world isn t standing still, and neither is Allstate. We re moving quickly, looking across our businesses and brands and taking bold steps to better serve customers evolving needs. That s why now is an exciting time to join our team. As a leader in a corporation with 83,000 employees and agency force members, you ll have a hand in transforming not only Allstate but a dynamic industry. You ll have opportunities to take risks, challenge the status quo and shape the future for the greater good. You ll do all this in an environment of excellence and the highest ethical standards a place where values such as integrity, inclusive diversity and accountability are paramount. We empower every employee to lead, drive change and give back where they work and live. Our people are our greatest strength, and we work as one team in service of our customers and communities. Everything we do at Allstate is driven by a shared purpose to protect people from life s uncertainties so they can realize their hopes and dreams. For 89 years we ve thrived by staying a step ahead of whatever s coming next to give customers peace of mind no matter what changes they face. We acted with conviction to advocate for seat belts, air bags and graduated driving laws. We help give survivors of domestic violence a voice through financial empowerment. We ve been an industry leader in pricing sophistication, telematics, digital photo claims and, more recently, device and identity protection. We are the Good Hands. We don t follow the trends. We set them. Job Description Job Summary The Data Analytics Senior Consultant is responsible for leveraging data and analytics to answer complex questions and influence business strategy through communication of findings to senior management. The position is also responsible for developing standards of practice around data retrieval, data manipulation, data reporting and data analytics and executing on these standards. Job Location Chandler, AZ (Pref.) Northbrook, IL Chicago, IL Key Responsibilities Compiles, cleans, organizes and analyzes complex data to understand business results Makes the business insights derived from data analytics accessible to those without technical skills Utilizes data and analytics expertise to coach and develop less experienced analysts Provides technical expertise Monitors and evaluates business initiatives against key performance indicators and communicates results and recommendations to management Communicates and presents project information to team and provides presentationsupdates to management Establishes, modifies, documents and communicates standards of practice around data retrieval, data manipulation, data quality, data reporting and data analytics Influences strategy through data and analytics Provides support in responding to data analytics needs from the business as required Job Qualifications Essential Qualifications and Skills Bachelor s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Science, Engineering, Economics or related field 3-6 years of data analytics data science experience Proficient in standard data analytics tools (SQL, SAS, Hadoop, Python, R, or similar) Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills Strong communication skills, both written and verbal Preferred Qualifications and Skills Experience programming in Python to automate repetitive data processes Experience working with AWS data services (S3, Athena, etc.) andor Azure platform 2+ years experience in Insurance Industry Experience with Machine Learning Experience presenting complex ideas to non-technical leadership The preceding description is not designed to be a complete list of all duties and responsibilities. May be required to perform other related duties as assigned. Regular, predictable attendance is an essential function of this job. The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands . As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but that s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component. For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identitygender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
