University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Data Scientist

Job Profile Title

Data Analyst C

Job Description Summary

The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/

Job Description

This analyst will work under the guidance of investigator in the Center for Biomedical image Computing and Analytics (http://www.cbica.upenn.edu/, CBICA), Director, Christos Davatzikos, PhD. The work involves testing, validating and extending advanced image processing algorithms, preparing and extending processing pipelines, and applying these pipelines on magnetic resonance brain imaging datasets from various studies involving both structural and functional data. The data analyst will collect and organize final quantitative and imaging results, perform quality control on the results, and communicate with clinical collaborators for the dissemination and discussion of the results. This position offers the opportunity to gain experience using advanced neuroimaging processing techniques and to apply these methods in the study of normal and pathological brain function.QualificationsA Bachelor's Degree and 2 years to 3 years of experience or equivalent combination of education and experience is required. Experience with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) analysis is required. Strong computer skills (knowledge of Python and/or Matlab, statistical analysis packages, basic shell scripting, experience in Unix platform) will be preferred.

The job pay range encompasses the full range of employees from new hires to the salaries of Penn employees with many years of experience and seniority and is not a precise indicator of salaries of new hires when looking at the top end. Based on what we pay employees coming into this position our pay range is 50,000-70,000 based on education and experience above the minimum qualifications. Working ConditionsOffice, Library, Computer RoomPhysical EffortTypically sitting at desk or table

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$50,684.00 - $138,391.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
