Job Title: Data Scientist

Location - Philadelphia, PA

End CustomerÂâ Comcast

Pay Rate: $80/hr C2C

***No OPT EAD***

***Non locals are fine, only WebEx Video interview

Data Scientist

Â Xfinity Mobile, available exclusively to its cable customers, allows existing Internet customers to add wireless cellphone services to their current product bundle. Comcast utilizes its vast number of Xfinity Hotspots for coverage and piggybacks on the existing wireless platform of Verizon to provide an affordable solution for wireless services to our customers.

Â The Xfinity Mobile Business Intelligence team is looking for a Data Scientist who can dive into unknown data and do deep analysis â prove causation or prove data is related and therefore one causes the other. You will support our operations and data architecture teams with insights gained from analyzing company data. You must be that person who can create value out of data.

Â The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Such a person proactively fetches information from various sources and analyzes it for better understanding about how the business performs. Additionally, they can utilize AI tools to automate certain processes within the Xfinity Mobile.Â

This person must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes. This Data Scientist must possess the skill-sets necessary to hit the ground running and must be willing to learn about the mobile phone business while solving problems quickly and efficiently.

Â

See Yourself:

Â Working with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.

Â Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.

Â Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Â Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Â Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Â Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.

Â Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Â

Minimum Requirements

Â Four-year degree in a related Computer Science, Math or Statistical field of study.

Â 7+ continuous years of professional experience as a Data Scientist.

Â Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Â Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Â Experience working with and creating data architectures.

Â Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.

Â Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.

Â A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.

Â Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc.

Â SUPERB communication skills with an emphasis on writing and interpreting abilities

Â Excellent presentation skills. Must have the ability to confirm complex data into digestible formats for non-technical business teams.
