Employer CSL Behring

Location King of Prussia, Pennsylvania

Posted Jun 20, 2020

Ref R-

Discipline Information Technology, Business/Data Analytics

Hotbed Pharm Country

Required Education Doctorate/PHD/MD

Position Type Full time

You need to sign in or create an account to save

About CSL

With operations in 35+ nations and ~ 22,000 employees worldwide, CSL is driven to develop and deliver a broad range of lifesaving therapies to treat disorders such as hemophilia and primary immune deficiencies, and vaccines to prevent influenza. Our therapies are also used in cardiac surgery, organ transplantation and burn treatment.

CSL is the parent company of CSL Behring and Seqirus. CSL Behring is a global leader in the protein biotherapeutics industry, focused on bringing to market biotherapies used to treat serious and often rare conditions. CSL Behring operates CSL Plasma , one of the world's largest collectors of human plasma, which is used to create CSL's therapies. Seqirus is the second largest influenza vaccine company in the world and is a transcontinental partner in pandemic preparedness and a major contributor to the prevention and control of influenza globally.

We invite you to take a look at the many career possibilities available around the globe and consider building your promising future at CSL by becoming a member of our team!

Job Description

CSL Behring, a global biopharmaceutical leader driven by our promise to save and improve lives, is looking for a full-time Data Scientist who will be expected to be responsible and accountable for all aspects of a project - data collection, data cleaning, modeling, presentation construction, presentations to management and executives, stakeholder management, moving applications and models into production, and more.

The purpose of this role is to increase the efficiency & performance of CSL business operations and, concurrently, to increase patient access to CSL therapies by working closely with subject matter experts to define operational areas to improve, data to be leveraged and business metrics to examine and analyst.

Come join a strong and collaborative team that focuses on delivering on service requests, quick wins & strategic applications of advanced analytics and artificial intelligence!

Key Responsibilities:

Planning and developing analytics projects based on business requirements, and developing and applying advanced statistical algorithms for analysis of large-scale high-dimensional data across various business domains.
Collaborates with process teams to elicit and understand requirements, challenges and potential solutions
Utilizes processes and systems to extract knowledge and insights from either structured or unstructured data
Matures project/single-site solutions to global enterprise solutions and provides documentation, training, and ongoing support
Stays current with latest research and technology ideas; evaluates technologies for design, simulation, engineering, runtime etc.
Educates and transfers technologies to other business units for implementation

Required Skills & Experience:

University degree in a technical field relevant to business process engineering; Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering (Ph.D. or MS) preferred
3+ years' experience in reporting and analytics
Demonstrated experience with the Hadoop stack (Hadoop/Spark Paradigms)
Strong background in predictive analytics, machine learning, and data mining
Strong foundation in database languages and data science languages
Experience working with real-world, large-scale and high-dimensional data sets

More searches like this
Information Technology jobs in King of Prussia
Business/Data Analytics jobs in King of Prussia
