Role Overview

Security, energy management, asset protection, and automation efficiencies...these are a few of our favorite things.

STRATIS IoT is actively seeking an experienced and passionate Data Analyst to join its engineering teams who are creating & molding the next generation of smart building technology. Our diverse family is made-up of adventurous, multifaceted individuals who bring what they've learned through various walks of life to improve our products.

As a Data Analyst, you should have at least two years of experience in the field, addressing real-world challenges. You will utilize your experience to assist in gaining user experience insights, product successes, key data opportunities, and overall scaling of the STRATIS platform.

Key Responsibilities
Love what you do & be an integral part of our family that is forging a new path in IoT technology;
Work with internal and external stakeholders to understand how they are using our product's data, align on useful metrics, and produce data representations an interpretable way;
Use creative analysis to surface opportunities across multiple databases;
Work relentlessly to ensure data findings are accessible to users at all levels through dashboards, visualizations, and reports;
Drive sales awareness, marketing efforts, program highlights when key data-points are discovered;
Actively interact with clients & partners during pilot projects to gain user insights;
Utilize data to understand user experiences in the field, as they are controlling & managing devices such as locks, thermostats, lights, shades, water metering, energy metering, & leak detection;
Innovate constantly on existing and cutting-edge technology to build new solutions;
Assist in the company's machine learning and AI goals in order to fully capitalize on our automation capabilities;
Take ownership of the company's data reporting capabilities, but work collaboratively with engineering teams to ensure you are armed with what you need;
Represent the company well as a continually client-facing team member;
This role reports directly to the Chief Innovation & Product Officer (CIPO).
Qualifications
2+ years of experience working with software engineering teams in an Agile environment as a data-oriented team-member;
Extraordinary initiative, drive, organization, and task-management skills;
Familiarity with Looker (LookML);
Ability to positively influence decision-making at all levels within an engineering organization with data insights;
Quick to learn new, complex systems and technologies;
Understanding of engineering principles, scrum practices, etc;
Excited to impact real people every day through your work.
Interview Process

PHASE 1: A member of our team will contact you to arrange a call to discuss your professional accomplishments & ambitions. You may be asked to participate in a second phone call to gauge technical capabilities as well.

PHASE 2: You will be invited to interview with the teams. This interview will include a review by multiple members of our various teams. Throughout this phase of the interview process, you will get the chance to interact with our teams in a casual, free-flowing environment.

PHASE 3: Final interview to assess our mutual culture-add, your relevant skillsets, and to answer any additional questions that may have come up throughout the process. Prior to this phase, you may be requested to contribute to a challenge of some type.

About STRATIS

Located in the former East Falls community theatre in the East Falls neighborhood of Philadelphia, STRATIS is widely considered one of the best-kept secrets in emerging technology. Since 2014, we have been the leader in smart apartments for multifamily. We were named one of Entrepreneur Magazine's "Best Companies in America" two years in a row, #740 on Inc. Magazine's list of 5000 "fastest-growing companies" in 2019, and our CEO, Felicite Moorman, was Ernst & Young's 2017 local and regional Entrepreneur of the Year.

As the only system of its kind built for the complexities of multifamily building management, we are leading the global movement for smart cities in the urban and residential sectors. To date, STRATIS has been installed in over 30,000 units in Japan and Europe, and in over 350,000 units across 46 states in the U.S.

Key Benefits
Competitive salary
401K retirement plan (matching)
Medical, dental, and vision plan
Life Insurance plan
SEPTA Transportation discounts
Dog-friendly office for people-friendly dogs
Ability to see your contributions impact lives every day
Flexible schedules and vacation/work from home policy (including maternity/paternity leave)
Sponsorship for conferences and educational events
Supportive, casual, and professional work environment for a team that focuses on creating linchpins, mentors, and experts in their field.
