Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jul 1 2020

Are you looking for an exciting opportunity as a highly motivated, agile and experienced scientist with lab level expertise in immunology? If so, the Senior Scientist position in the immunogenicity group within the Bioanalysis, Immunogenicity and Biomarkers (BIB) department might be for you!

You will be responsible for supporting the immunogenicity strategy, assay validation, and testing of non-clinical and clinical (GxP) testing to support GSK pipeline across therapeutic areas. Additional responsibilities may include developing cell-based immunogenicity assays to support GSK biopharmaceutical and cell therapies in clinical development.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following
Design, develop, analytically validate and troubleshoot preclinical and clinical immunoassays for immunogenicity assessment. Apply advanced immunological and analytical techniques to improve immunoassay design, throughput and use of automation where applicable.
Generate high quality assay result in a timely manner. Ensure smooth transfer of results to data management and other business partners and participate in evaluation and interpretation of data.
Ensure that laboratory work is performed to GxP quality standard, and according to applicable written procedures.
Experience with Watson LIMS for Immunogenicity.
Author SOPs, reports, amendments, and other technical documentation to a high scientific standard.
Review and collate information from relevant sources (including scientific literature, in-house databases, internal experts, conference proceedings, external collaborators, and commercial vendors) to develop knowledge of current practices in the area of immunogenicity testing.
Perform document archiving according to company archiving and retention policies.
Evaluate new platforms/technologies and develop new techniques as needed.
Prepare scientific presentations and present work at departmental or external meetings.
Perform quality checks of data, laboratory notebooks, and other documents as required.
Demonstrate ability to handle multiple projects concurrently, while adhering to agreed timelines.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
B.S, M.S with 1-3 years of relevant experience in analytical sciences, life sciences or related field.
Experience with immunoassay techniques (assay development, validation) and instruments (MSD, ELISA)
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Ability to execute experimental protocols independently for the cell-based assays.
Highly motivated team player with a proactive attitude, excellent organizational skills and a demonstrated ability to interact effectively within a multi-disciplinary team.
Attention to detail with excellent communication and documentation skills.
Experience with either flow cytometry, ELISpot, AutoMACS, MultiMACS Cell24, or multiplex immunoassays as well as a demonstrated ability to trouble shoot assays are a plus.
Familiarity with Hamilton/Tecan (Automation) and Watson LIMS.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness
*LI-GSK

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
