Job Description
Riffyn, Inc. - Oakland, CA - riffyn.com

A Mission to Reshape Science

Breakthrough discoveries once occurred when scientists like Alexander Fleming noticed the halo of dead bacteria surrounding a mold colony. But today's breakthroughs often go unnoticed because they are buried in uninterpretable spreadsheets, inaccessible data, or excessive experimental noise. Riffyn’s mission is to unlock the full potential of today’s science by delivering clean, connected, meaningful data the moment it is collected.

Riffyn develops research design and analytics software (SaaS) for biotech, pharmaceutical, food and chemical industries. Riffyn SaaS offers a unique “design-first” approach to scientific experimentation and product development that solves previously intractable data fragmentation issues. Riffyn provides global R&D organizations with unprecedented access to high-quality data, process design information and integrative data analytics.

The Role

Our Science team is focused on delivering holistic solutions from data input through to detailed analysis, and this requires our members to be scientists who have lived the day-to-day of lab-based work or the direct support thereof (e.g., via data science). We are looking for a Bioprocess Scientist/Senior Bioprocess Scientist to help support our customers’ realization of these solutions.

Who You Are

You are a scientist in bioprocess/pharma (e.g., fermentation, downstream process, screening, analytical/quality) who is passionate about using data to make decisions. You have a deep familiarity or expertise in your field, and you’ve encountered a variety of technologies and solutions therein. You’ve worked on projects to bring together data from within your team and/or across multiple teams in order to answer sophisticated questions. You love the science behind the data, and you want to make sure that the data gets harnessed to its fullest potential. You like working with people, learning from them, as well as teaching them new ways to make the most of their work. You work to add value as much as you can, and you’re not afraid to roll up your sleeves and do some heavy lifting as needed.

The Experience

As a Bioprocess Scientist/Senior Bioprocess Scientist, you will develop a close relationship with Riffyn customers, serving as an advisor and guide to help them
use Riffyn’s software for the first time,
translate their R&D workflows and data systems to Riffyn, and
learn how to achieve unprecedented scientific insight using Riffyn’s technology.
In this role, you will tap your skills and experiences in experimental design, process improvement, assay systems, measurement systems, data analysis, and/or statistics to transition our customers from an environment of fragmented data---with data spread across notebooks, spreadsheets and databases---to one where data is instantly integrated, accessible and ready for scientific discovery.

Responsibilities
Work with customers to translate scientific workflows into Riffyn process designs
Help customers design experiments to address their R&D questions
Help customers pipe their data from various sources into Riffyn experiments
Assist customers to enhance their data analysis with scripted data analytics and visualizations
Train customers on the Riffyn application and enhanced scientific discovery methodologies
Channel your professional experience and customer feedback into feature requests for product development
Generate and maintain help documentation and videos, and write blog articles and journal publications.
Requirements
2-5 years’ industrial experience with a Ph.D. in chemical engineering, biology, analytical chemistry or related field; candidates with B.S/M.S. degrees and exceptional experience will also be considered
Proficiency using Excel, python or scripting languages for data capture, analysis and reporting
Experienced using JMP, R, Spotfire, Tableau or other software for multivariate data exploration or analysis
Experience with at least one of the following is highly valuable: electronic lab notebooks (ELN), laboratory information management systems (LIMS), chromatography data systems, historians, or other assay data capture, process design, scientific workflow management platforms
Demonstrated capability to identify and solve scientific problems using a statistically-driven, data-first approach
Experience in Design of Experiments (DoE), Partition of Variance and other statistical methodologies highly sought
Outstanding & proactive oral and written communication skills
Problem-solving/analytical mindset
Willing to travel up to 30%

Company Description
Riffyn was launched in 2014 with a mission to deliver better, faster, more impactful scientific R&D. We are industry veterans who have first-hand experience with what it takes to efficiently advance laboratory research to full-scale production. We are redefining the digital tools for scientists to make high-confidence decisions and get products to market faster and cheaper. Riffyn’s products and services support global enterprises in life-science, biotech, and material and chemical industries.
