University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Research scientist

Job Profile Title

Research Specialist D

Job Description Summary

The Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania is the oldest and one of the finest medical schools in the United States. Penn is rich in tradition and heritage and at the same time consistently at the forefront of new developments and innovations in medical education and research. Since its founding in 1765 the School has been a strong presence in the community and prides itself on educating the leaders of tomorrow in patient care, biomedical research, and medical education. http://www.med.upenn.edu/This position is contingent upon funding.

Job Description

The Department of Radiology in the Perelman School of Medicine is searching for a Research Scientist to initiate, contribute to, and manage development of multiple projects in the Artificial Intelligence in Biomedical Imaging Lab (AIBIL) in the Center for Biomedical Image Computing and Analytics (CBICA). Responsibilities will include planning and implementation of neuroimage analysis pipelines using existing computational modules, designing experiments, testing hypotheses, and building statistical/machine learning models. He/she will work collaboratively and will interface with faculty, research scientists, and trainees, promoting synergy between computational and clinical research. The Research Scientist will assist in the interpretation of reported results and prepare manuscripts for publication in peer-reviewed scientific journals. He/she will attend meetings and conferences as needed and will supervise and train other research staff.

Candidate should be enthusiastic about collaborative and interdisciplinary research, be motivated to develop as an independent scientist, and demonstrate excellent scientific communication skills. The successful candidate will also have training and expertise on the interface of neuroimaging and cognition.

This position is contingent upon funding.

QualificationsThe position requires a Master's Degree and 3-5 years of experience, preferably in neuroscience or a related discipline, with a strong background in computational methods and at least 3 years of experience conducting image analysis, machine learning, and statistical analysis research. Advanced knowledge of Python or R and Matlab, and experience using Linux/Unix platforms and shell scripting is required. A Ph.D. degree is preferred.Working ConditionsOffice, Library, Computer Room; Requires extensive safetyPhysical EffortTypically sitting at a desk or table;

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$50,684.00 - $91,232.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
