Read what people are saying about working here. 

PeaceHealth is seeking a Clinical Data Scientist for a 1.0 full time equivalent Exempt position. This position will be working Day shift with shift durations of Variable.

Req ID: 164708

JOB SUMMARY

Performs nursing/clinical/medical informatics, quality, provider adoption and analytics to provide clinical business intelligence to medical and quality leaders to support the Quality department initiatives, in addition to meeting regulatory requirements. Responsible for designing, reviewing, validating, and analyzing clinical data to provide recommendations to System Director of Regulatory and System CMO for quality improvement work, contract support, and service line management. Supporting the medical staff leaders by utilizing clinical analytics to better monitor the care delivery process of providers through the use of clinical performance measures. Serves as expert in data collection methodologies, measurement development, interpretation, statistical analysis, statistical process control, and presentation.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Collaborates with counterparts across PeaceHealth to represent Medical Staff. Reports to executive, senior leadership and oversight teams on program status and initiative progress, by creating analytics which identify patterns and trends, to measure and sustain outcomes. Manages the scope of projects, goals, resource needs and successful execution.

Serves as the central point of contact for coordinating all quality medical staff activities in assigned network; incorporates standardization within the system to help ensure successful outcomes are met, managing risks, issues, and escalations.

Functions as an informatics expert and collaborates with all levels of leadership, caregivers and providers across the system; while functioning as the Medical Staff Facilitator.

Perform cross-functional collaboration and communication all levels of medical staff.

Supports the medical staff offices, with provider performance data to support the compliance of regulatory requirements.

Designs and implements dashboards and scorecards to ensure system level design is supported across all 3 networks. Achieves medical quality objectives of standardization, integration, and workflow efficiency.

Developments standard scorecard for department medical leaders; to effectively collect, manage and display data. Facilitates communications for the design of performance measures across all networks, and encouraging collaborative development across the department chairs and the medical staff.

Facilitates providers to successfully plan and execute clinical improvement quality programs ensuring alignment with system quality Initiatives and to ensure support compliance with regulatory requirements.

Develops medical quality data, in the collaborative design, development, validation and understanding of the performance measure needs, in addition to providing provider adoption support in understanding clinical data outcomes on provider performance scorecards.

Performs other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS Required unless otherwise stated

EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s degree required, preferred Registered Nurse; Master's degree in Medical/Clinical/Healthcare Informatics or equivalent advanced degree is preferred

EXPERIENCE/TRAINING:

Minimum 5 years related experience in clinical practice; in an acute care hospital setting; ideally critical care

Experience in performance measurement, continuous improvement, data reporting and/or data analysis preferred

Experienced knowledge of drivers of national quality and patient safety requirements including but not limited to NAHQ, NHRQ, AHRQ, State Hospital Associations, CMS, Leapfrog,

Experience with clinical quality measures and clinical process flows is preferred. Working knowledge of meaningful use, core measures, eCQM, and ability to establish future clinical analytics needs is a strong plus.

LICENSE/CERTIFICATION:

Licensure/Certification/Registration to practice in trained clinical area as required by the State - Required (applies only if applicant is clinical).

Board Certifications: ANCC – Nursing Informatics, or AMIA Medical/Clinical Informatics (ABPM subspecialty), or AHIMA Registered Health Information Administrator Certification (RHIA) desired; required within 60 months of hire (if eligible)

CPHQ desired;

Certifications: Certified Professional in Health Information and Management Systems (CPHIMS) and/or Certified Associate in Health Information & Management Systems (CAHIMS); optional

Facilitation or project management certification is optional.

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:

Self-motivated, works autonomously and ability to work independently, with minimal supervision

Strong verbal, written, presentation, and interpersonal communication skills; must be capable of making independent decisions

Ability to collaborate across departments and disciplines; must be a team player with great organizational skills, curiosity, and engagement

Ability to interact professionally, client facing, with executives, senior leadership, internal/external staff, providers, clinical staff, consultants and vendors

Ability to gather and present information to support project management efforts, high level of comfort with creating and presenting analytics to executives, senior leadership and providers

Attention to detail, with strong organizational and analytical skills, with flexibility and ability to prioritize. Must have the ability to define problems, collect data, evaluate data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.

Proven critical thinking skills and the ability to consider outcomes when designing analyses

Conflict management and group facilitation skills

Ability to manage multiple competing priorities, projects and display flexibility in a fast paced and changing work environment, including prioritization of work efforts

Proficient skills with Microsoft Word and Excel; Strong skills with MS Outlook, Skype, OneNote, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and SharePoint required.

Please apply online to be considered. For full consideration of your skills and abilities, please attach a current resume with your application.

About PeaceHealth

PeaceHealth, based in Vancouver, Wash., is a not-for-profit Catholic health system offering care to communities in Washington, Oregon, and Alaska. PeaceHealth has approximately 16,000 caregivers, a multi-specialty medical group practice with more than 900 providers and 10 medical centers serving both urban and rural communities throughout the Northwest. In 1890, the Sisters of St. Joseph of Peace founded what has become PeaceHealth. Today, PeaceHealth is the legacy of its founding Sisters and continues with a spirit of respect, stewardship, collaboration and social justice in fulfilling its Mission.

We offer competitive compensation, a robust benefits package and a collaborative, Mission-driven work environment! To learn more about working at PeaceHealth and the Springfield community please visit our homepage: www.peacehealth.org/careers.

Get a feeling for the Spirit of PeaceHealth through this three-minute video, and visit us on Facebook or LinkedIn!

Questions? Review our Employment FAQ or email Recruitment@peacehealth.org. Please note this email does not accept resumes or applications.

#GLDR

Location: Springfield, SHMC at Riverbend (420)

Job Category: Business, Administrative & Facilities

Shift: Day

Shift Length: Variable

FTE: 1.0

Work Type: Full Time

Hourly compensation starts at: $39.10, more depending on experience

Required Certifications/Licensure:

PeaceHealth is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all qualified job applicants and employees without regard to the following statuses: protected veteran; qualified individual with a disability; race; ethnicity; religion; gender; pregnancy; gender identity; national origin; age; genetic information; sexual orientation; or any other protected status in accordance with local, state, or federal laws.

The above information is intended to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by this position. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of caregivers assigned to this job.

#GLDR

Posting Notes: Springfield || Business, Administrative & Facilities || Risk Management & Quality || Full Time || QUALITY IMPROVEMENT

 PeaceHealth, based in Vancouver, Washington, is a not-for-profit Catholic health system offering care to communities in Washington, Orego...
