Job Description
DATA ANALYST WITH FOOD SCIENCE PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT
CAMDEN, NJ
Someone with a food science product development background is most preferred. Will be trained on Optiva; strong data accuracy, strong in Excel.
Will work remote and manager and manager wants someone to be in the EST or CST time zones only. The work hours are Mon-Fri 9am-5pm.
Project Description:
This is a non-IT technical role within the Client's R&D Product Data Management (PDM) group leading the product document translation for finished product commercialization and quality initiatives, managing critical product formulation information as it is transferred from the kitchen to the manufacturing facility. This position establishes and documents technical standards related to product formulation management for successful scale up and manufacture. Team members in this role are also responsible for technical documentation in systems such as the Optiva Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) system, SharePoint, and an Electronic Notebook system. Working in close collaboration with internal subject matter experts in Product Development, Packaging, Quality, Regulatory Affairs, Supply Chain and Nutrition. Projects are of moderate to high complexity and technical risk.
Apply food science/technical knowledge to translate Product Development kitchen batch formulations to plant-ready formatted formulations, using a set of standards dictated by type of formula (e.g. retort soup, aseptic broth, hot fill beverage), specific manufacturing location requirements and unitized plant operations.
Systematic build of formulas, procedures and specifications in the Optiva Product Lifecycle Management system as required to ensure that products can be manufactured properly and according to specifications and can integrate with SAP & RMS plant floor systems.
Work collaboratively as a core member of multiple product commercialization business teams, independently managing all product documentation requirements as needed to meet project timelines.
Ensure all technical documentation is bundled to deliver the full manufacturing requirements: formula, procedure, kitchen batch sheet, formula change notes, cost and extend SAP requirements, item specifications and some packaging requirements.
Required Skills:
Minimum education required: BS Degree in a Science based field, Computer Science acceptable.
Years of relevant experience: 2-3 years.
Excellent written and verbal technical communication skills, along with strong collaboration skills.
Demonstrate analytical thinking, problem solving and decision-making skills.
Proficient at independent planning and prioritization.
Strong computer skills including fluency in Microsoft Office (especially Excel), and database management. Ability to quickly become proficient in all relevant software systems/applications such as Optiva PLM and SharePoint.
This 6+ month position starts ASAP.

Please E-MAIL your resume (attachment to email) with rate and availability to Bridget: bridget@alphaconsulting.com

ALPHA'S REQUIREMENT #20-01079
MUST BE ELIGIBLE TO WORK IN THE U.S. AS AN HOURLY W2 EMPLOYEE

#ZR
