LOC_ROBERTS-Roberts Ctr Pediatric Research Req ID: 79322

Shift: Days

Employment Status: Regular - Full Time
Job Summary
Thank you for your interest in the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the recruitment process for this position has been placed ON HOLD. If you would still like to be considered for the role, you may apply to this position. When the status of the position returns to active, and if your resume is selected for a department interview, you will be notified. Thank you for considering CHOP. Our appreciation is sincere, knowing your talent is very valued.

An Imaging Data Scientist III role is available at the Center for Data Driven Discovery (D3b) at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP). The successful applicant will work with a growing multidisciplinary team of clinicians, radiologists, neuroscientists, molecular biologists, data scientists, engineers, and other researchers to conduct innovative translational research focused on pediatric brain tumors. We are looking for enthusiastic, self-motivated individuals who thrive in a fast-paced challenging research environment, and can interact well with others as part of a cohesive team. If you have a desire to make a significant impact in medicine, and have the fortitude to work hard, we invite you to contact us concerning a position. The qualified candidate is expected to work independently and as part of a team, with good written and oral communication skills.
Job Responsibilities
The successful candidate will be involved in image processing in various projects ranging from finding imaging signatures, to monitor the pediatric brain tumor microenvironment using MRI and PET molecular imaging techniques, to large-scale imaging genomic bioinformatic analysis on multidimensional data. The position is open for research associate or instructor level and the salary and rank will be determined by the candidate’s resume and experience level. CHOP faculty position can be considered for highly qualified candidates.
Required Education and Experience
Required Education: Masters in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field.

Required Experience: At least five (5) years of experience with progressively more complex data science, applied statistics, machine learning, or mathematical modeling projects.
Preferred Education, Experience & Cert/Lic
Preferred Education: PhD in Analytics, Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or a related field. Non-degree graduate coursework such as a graduate certificate in Analytics, Statistics, or Data Science preferred.

Preferred Experience: Six (6) or more years of experience with progressively more complex data science, applied statistics, machine learning, or mathematical modeling projects.
Additional Technical Requirements
- Ability to utilize or build mathematical and algorithmic models on medical images and implement them is preferred.
The preferred skills include computational modeling ability and programming ability (Python, MATLAB, C++,, etc.).
Previous biomedical image analysis experience and a strong relevant publication track record is preferred.

All CHOP employees who work in a patient building or who provide patient care are required to receive an annual influenza vaccine unless they are granted a medical or religious exemption.

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is committed to providing a safe and healthy environment for its patients, family members, visitors and employees. In an effort to achieve this goal, employment at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, other than for positions with regularly scheduled hours in New Jersey, is contingent upon an attestation that the job applicant does not use tobacco products or nicotine in any form and a negative nicotine screen (the latter occurs after a job offer).

Children's Hospital of Philadelphia is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, national or ethnic origin, disability or protected veteran status.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor/Seeking priority referrals for protected veterans. Please contact our hiring official with any referrals or questions.

CHOP Careers Contact

Talent Acquisition

2716 South Street, 6th Floor

Philadelphia, PA 19146

Phone: 866-820-9288

Email:TalentAcquisition@email.chop.edu
