Job Description
TDI Technologies, Inc. is seeking candidates for a Data Scientist position. The position’s main responsibility will be to gather, format, and analyze information from Navy Hull, Mechanical, and Electrical (HM&E) systems. The position will require knowledge of machine learning methods and tools, as well as techniques such as natural language processing (NLP) and Optical Character Recognition (OCR). Candidates should be comfortable leading an engineering team, designing new software solutions, and interfacing with customers.

*Temporarily remote, once restrictions are lifted will be reporting to an office.

PRINCIPAL DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop and test software, using Python and/or Java, to provide statistical analysis for various shipboard systems.
Lead a team in designing software solutions and pipelines that solve our customer’s data analytics challenges.
Prototype and demonstrate TDI Technologies’ data science capabilities to perspective customers.
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor of Science Degree in an engineering discipline - Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Software Engineering or Computer Science is required
Fluent with scripting in Python
Strong management skills
2-5 years of experience in a data science role
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:
Successful applicants must either have an active government security clearance or the ability to receive approval upon position acceptance.
Must have a valid US passport or the ability to obtain one upon position acceptance.
SKILLS AND ABILITIES:

Essential Skills:
Software development in Python
Experience with machine learning and/or artificial intelligence
Experience with at least one of the following problem types: Time-series classification, regression analysis, optimization, clustering
Software development and operation within Linux and Unix based systems
Experience managing software baselines using version control tools such as SubVersion or Git
Strong technical writing skills and attention to detail for documentation
Willingness to lead a team and convey technical problems and solutions to a variety of team members
Additional Preferred Skills:
Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing (NLP), Optical Character Recognition (OCR), Selenium, Beautiful Soup
Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks, including TensorFlow, scikit-learn, Pandas, and NumPy
Experience with rotating machinery, industrial automation and controls, or vibrations analysis.
Travel:

This position may require up to approximately 5% travel.

Location:
Philadelphia, PA

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy:

TDI Technologies, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layout, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.
Company Description
TDI Technologies, Inc. (TDI) is a small business that has been grounded in ethical practices and superior performance for over 25 years. TDI provides unique high-quality solutions to our government and commercial clients with a focus on incorporating advanced technologies.

TDI conducts Research & Development and provides Engineering Services, Cyber Security, and Software Engineering/Development to a variety of Department of Defense (DOD) and commercial customers.

TDI's core advantages lie in our years of experience across a wide breadth of government and commercial applications, our access to the brightest engineers in the industry, and our clear focus on providing cost-effective solutions to our clients' problems with speed and agility.
