We are looking to hire a data scientist to join our analytics team within the Technology and Product. Our team is responsible for providing analytical support to help improve our customers’ experience and products performance by identifying key trends, building new KPIs and telling stories with data. We work cross-functionally and closely with program, product and engineering teams.

We are looking for someone who is passionate about analytics and data-driven decision making and who will be able to perform analyses on large unstructured and structured data sets and quickly grasp new technologies. The ideal candidate must be comfortable working in a dynamic team and presenting to large audiences. The Sr. Data Scientist will be responsible for supporting our current efforts related to exploratory and predictive analytics, machine learning, and A/B testing methodologies. They will be applying data mining and modeling techniques, statistical analysis, and building high quality dashboards and presentations to provide insights to the executive leadership team. They will also provide input into strategy, analysis methods, and tool selection.

Core responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Developing and executing statistical and mathematical solutions to business problems. Framing problem, developing roadmap, and communicating intended approach and quantitative methods to develop solution.
Improving products and services or solving problems using best practice and knowledge of internal and or external business issues.
Using analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, extracting actionable insights using advanced statistical techniques such as data analysis, data mining, optimization tools, and machine learning techniques and statistics.
Developing and deploying predictive models based on historical data that provide future predictions about customer experience.
Building forecasts, recommendations and strategic/tactical plans based on applying data science techniques to business data.
Showing consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance.
Serving as a team leader within a work group or on cross-functional teams as well as mentoring and training junior team members.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.
We prefer candidates with the following background and skills:
Graduate degree in analytical field (Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Engineering…)
5 to 8 years of relevant experience working as a BI/data analyst/Data scientist or similar role
Scripting and Programming skills (Spark SCALA, Python, PySpark, R…)
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, Quicksight, Qlick
Experience with Predictive Modeling and Machine Learning
Experience working with relational databases, SQL
Exposure to big data tools and cloud technologies such as AWS
Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving problems
Strong written and verbal communication
Positive and energetic attitude
Ability to work in a rapidly changing and fast paced environment
Self-motivated, highly organized, and able to prioritize and manage multiple tasks
Ability to establish and maintain strong working relationships and achieve results by working collaboratively with others
