Friday, June 26, 2020

ConnectiveRx is a leading, technology-enabled healthcare services company. We work strategically with hundreds of biopharmaceutical manufacturers to help commercialize and maximize the benefits of specialty and branded medications. Our mission is to simplify how patients get on and stay on therapy. We fulfill our mission by providing our customers with innovative services such as patient and provider messaging, the design and operation of copay, vouchers and patient affordability programs, and hub services, all of which accelerate speed-to-therapy and help improve outcomes for manufacturers, healthcare providers and patients.

ConnectiveRx was formed in 2015 by bringing together the industry-leading business of PSKW, PDR/LDM, Careform (2017) and The Macaluso Group (2018) to advance our technology-driven expertise in providing state-of-the-art commercialization solutions. To learn more about our company, visit ConnectiveRx.com

Job Description

Analytics is a highly leveraged team which includes Data Science, Business Intelligence and Customer Success capabilities. We leverage structured data from 2 billion annual prescription transactions from 190 million patients and unstructured data from our call centers, claims and customers. We have office teams in suburban New Jersey (Whippany) and Philadelphia (King of Prussia) locations. For more information, visit www.connectiverx.com.

Apply your business analysis and analytics skills to map data flows for a large (top 10) client. The client runs multiple program types with ConnectiveRx across a range of diverse therapeutic categories, each with its own data entry, capture, ETL, and reporting process. This temporary, contracted position will be responsible for tracing and documenting all data flows, transformations, business rules, and processes for each brand, and recommending improvements to the process and/or underlying data. This position will work within the Customer Success team in Analytics, and will be client facing.

Essential Functions:
Identify and define all data generated by enrollments, claims, and other programs processes, and incoming from third parties, for each brand.
Collaborate with other members to identify and mitigate knowledge gaps & document findings
Trace and document the flow of all data from capture to client output, including rules, transformations, aggregations, and calculations.
Recommend improvements to processes, identify gaps in data quality, for each brand and program type.
Communicate and present findings to internal & client teams on a monthly basis


Knowledge:
Experience in business analysis and/or analytics; must be proficient at querying and manipulating large data sets.
Experience with data investigations – identifying anomalies, finding root causes, backtracking methodologies, tracing processes
Experience in the pharmaceutical industry or life sciences strongly preferred
Experience presenting to senior leadership is desirable
Skills:
SQL and experience using a BI tool such as Tableau or PowerBI required
Experience with commonly used project management tools like Jira and Sharepoint is desirable
Experience with a programming language (Ex. Python) is desirable but not necessary
Must be very detail oriented and able to work independently
Strong written and oral communication skills, MS Office required
Experience:
B.S. degree in quantitative discipline (statistics, math, economics, finance) required
2+ years’ experience in an analytics or business analysis role, at least one year client facing
Competencies:
Curious problem solver
Strong organizational skills; ability to track multiple workstreams simultaneously
Desire to work in an entrepreneurial environment, and take ownership of responsibilities
Ability to effectively use communication tools to work within a team that is not all located in the same office
Ability to adapt in a changing & dynamic environment
Mindset to continuously learn and develop
Travel or Physical Requirements:
Works regularly from King of Prussia, PA or Pittsburgh, PA office, or remotely based. Periodic travel between New Jersey, King of Prussia, and Pittsburgh offices. Occasional client meetings across US.

Equal Opportunity Employer: This employer (hereafter the Company) is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, or other employment policies on the basis of age, race, sex, color, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis that is prohibited by federal, state, or local law. No question in this application is intended to secure information to be used for such discrimination. In addition, the Company makes reasonable accommodation to the needs of disabled applicants and employees, so long as this does not create an undue hardship on the Company or threaten the health or safety of others at work. This application will be given every consideration, but its receipt does not imply that the applicant will be employed.

Other details
Pay Type
Hourly
Travel %
20
