Job Description
Company Description

***YOU MUST BE A CITIZEN OF THE UNITED STATES, HAVE YOUR GREEN CARD OR LONG TERM VISA TO APPLY TO THIS POSITION***

----------

ARE YOU READY TO CONTRIBUTE TO THE FUTURE OF VIDEO, DIGITAL MEDIA AND ECOMMERCE?

We’re building a next generation data driven video content engagement platform, providing advanced data management for extending and delivering video content metadata and engagement opportunities at any time or moment against the RT or NRT content being served across any platform and any connected device.

In today's digital environment there is currently no way to connect the dots between “want and have” within real-time video and currently consumer tolerance for advertising is diminishing.

We’re developing a software platform enabling the future of Ecommerce where content owners, brands and retailers can activate untapped revenue streams by turning data about content into discovery and commerce against the content consumption by consumers..

Multi-Platform
Our video experience layer works across all screens and devices to transform video into a multi-screen, multi-touch experience.
Maximize Revenue
Customers have the ability to monetize viewer engagements through discovery within video. Wherever video travels, we count and capture real time conversions.
Own the Funnel
At any stage of the customer journey, we help creators maximize their touch points. Gain insights into audience behavior, so you can shape and own your audience funnel.

Highlights of our platform
We’re the first Artificial Intelligence (AI) Customer Experience Platform that integrates within any video, on any screen, to deliver time driven and emotionally connected activations that drive revenue growth.
Our technology and software platform enables frictionless acquisition of anything within the video by the viewer while directly connecting that relationship with the content creator.
We’ve created an immersive commerce and advanced advertising SaaS platform that allows the video content creator to monetize their viewers through real-time engagement of anything in the video - including acquisition of data through clicking, talking, touching and listening.
Job Description

Are you interested in shaping the future of content, digital media and ecommerce? Do you want to help scientifically data engineer the next generation of how technology sparks consumer emotional connections with people, places, and things while blending media, eCommerce? We need your passion, innovative ideas and data scientist and data engineering experience to help take our platform to the next level.
You will be working within a high skilled, cross functional and Agile development and engineering team and be responsible for the hands on data science and data engineering delivery of innovative components within the technology and software platform.
You will be developing a next generation platform designed for advanced Ecommerce and marketplace engagements within and around video and audio content monetization experiences.
You will be developing data driven solutions, specifically in the adaptation of Ecommerce environments, strategies and payments.
The majority of the work is in audio processing.
You will be responsible for implementing a modern Automatic Content Recognition (ACR) Experience.
Reports to the CTO and be able to perform code reviews.
Qualifications
You must have 6+ years of data science and data engineering experience and consider yourself the top 10% of all engineers in the industry.
You must have Automatic Content Recognition experience.
You must have hands-on production level Python or Node.js data engineering experience.
You must have hands-on production level MongoDB experience.
You must have GCP (Google Cloud Platform) experience.
You must have Terraform, Github, Asana, Postgres, MongoDB and RethinkDB experience.
Additional Information

Interview Process:
Screening Interview with Chief Recruiting Officer - Michael C. Bertoni
Interview with CTO/Tech Lead
Onsite Interview(s)
Offer
