Grubhub is dedicated to connecting hungry diners with our wide network of restaurants across the country. Our innovative technology, easy-to-use platforms and streamlined delivery capabilities make us an industry leader today, and in the future of online food ordering.
We strive to create a workplace that reflects the diversity of our customers and the communities we serve. When you join our team, you become part of a community that works together to innovate, solve problems, take risks, grow, work hard and have a ton of fun in the process!
Why Work For Us
We have a fast-paced environment and that is what our teams thrive on. Grubhub believes in empowering people and offering opportunities for development, as well as professional growth. We value strong, positive relationships in all areas: with each other, our customers and our greater community. Want to be a part of a team of diverse collaborators in an authentically fun culture? If so, we want to talk to you - and hear what’s your favorite restaurant for food delivery!
More About the Role
Grubhub is looking for an innately curious, business-minded, results-oriented Decision Scientist to work on our Systems Analysis team. As part of our Delivery initiative, the Systems Analysis team is focused on providing analysis to accelerate and perfect our delivery systems. As a member of this extremely collaborative team you will get to partner with operations, finance, product, data science and engineering. In this highly visible role, you will be responsible for the data engineering and visualization work within Systems Analysis to evaluate and inform new business initiatives as well as the development and execution of technology roadmaps. Specific responsibilities include, but are not limited to, ad hoc data analysis, development and deployment of new tables for analysis, development of dashboards, proposing new metrics that can help us better understand our systems. You will also partner with simulation team to help us better digest and interpret the output of our simulation tools.

Understand the business! Work directly with stakeholders to address their needs.
Work with our software engineers to understand the output of our services and ensure they meet analytical requirements
Model system interactions and behaviors for various holistic initiatives
Inform real-time data requirements design
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to understand new product ideas, assess risks and ensure that the necessary data is available
Understand our brands, markets, user behaviors, and long-term trends and help visualize these
Design and deploy tables of metrics to inform business decisions
Question our assumptions! Find new and better ways to do what we’re doing.
Assess new algorithms and business policies in partnership with our operations research team.
Relentlessly analyze and improve the performance of our business.

BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Economics, Statistics or other technical field OR
MS in quantitative discipline (Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field etc) or equivalent experience
4+ years experience with quantitative analysis
Experience applying descriptive statistics, business process or scenario analysis, and visualization to solve real-world problems
Experience with PySpark, Hive and the Python data stack
Comfort communicating analytical findings using statistical libraries and visualization tools Python or R
Strong data querying capabilities using SQL
Ability to explain technical concepts in simple terms to business users
Experience with Plotly or other visualization tools a plus

Flexible PTO. Grubhub employees are provided a generous amount of time to recharge their batteries.
Health and Wellness. We provide programs that support your overall well-being such as generous medical benefits, employee network groups, company-wide fitness challenges, and a comfortable and casual workplace! We also support our parents by offering 8 weeks of paid parent bonding time, a 4-week returnship program, and 6-8 weeks paid medical leave.
Learning and Career Growth. Your personal and professional development is a priority at Grubhub. From day one, we empower you to lead and be an active participant in your career growth. We provide continuous learning opportunities, training, and coaching and mentorship programs.
MealPerks. Who’s ready for some lunch? We provide our employees with a weekly Grubhub credit to enjoy and support local restaurants. We also offer company-wide meals several times a year to bring our Grubhub family together.
Fun. Every Grubhub office has an employee-led Culture Crew that connects people through fun, meaningful events and initiatives. Some of our popular past events include: Wing-eating contests, Grubtoberfest, 5k Runs, Bring Your Child to Work Day, regular happy hours, and more!
Social Impact. We believe in the importance of serving the communities that support our business. In addition, employees are given paid time off each year to support the causes that are important to them.

Grubhub is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here: DOL Poster. If you are applying for a job in the U.S. and need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail to TalentAcquisition@grubhub.com and let us know the nature of your request and contact information. Please note that only those inquiries concerning a request for reasonable accommodation will be responded to from this email address.
CA Privacy Notice: If you are a resident of the State of California and would like a copy of our CA privacy notice, please email privacy@grubhub.com.
