University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Intellectual Property Scientist

Job Profile Title

Associate Director E

Job Description Summary

Job Description

The Gene Therapy Program (GTP) is entering a new era of unprecedented opportunity with the great potential to reshape the face of medicine as we know it. Our discoveries have set the stage for successful treatments and possibly even cures for devastating genetic diseases.

The laboratory of Dr. James Wilson, at GTP of the University of Pennsylvania, has been a leader in the development of innovative vector technology for close to three decades. We have emerged as the "go-to" organization for public and private partners, who want to participate in the gene therapy space. Currently, we are positioned to lead another round of vector innovation and establish pre-clinical and clinical proof-of-concept in therapeutic applications of in-vivo genome editing.

Due to our success, we are currently seeking an Intellectual Property Scientist, to partner with our discovery and translational teams to drive strategy to protect the Intellectual Property (IP) of GTP.

As the IP Scientist, you will proactively partner with research scientists to determine the current/future patenting needs by attending all weekly lab meetings and weighing in on patentability of novel discoveries. You will arise as the subject matter expert on all of GTP's contracts, especially the terms of those agreements that pertain to IP. You will partner with the Director of GTP and senior leadership to set and drive the IP strategy of the program. You will conduct database searches to determine patentability and gather relevant data needed by IP counsel. You will be providing mentorship/guidance to research scientists regarding data and record requirements for supporting defensible patent applications. You will maintain a close working relationship internally with the GTP scientists, personnel from the Penn Center for Innovation (PCI) and the external IP Counsel of GTP.

In collaboration with the external IP Counsel of GTP, you will respond to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) inquiries.

As a top candidate, you will have a strong background in life science research & development, with a deep understanding of US patent law, regulations of USPTO, and contract terms regarding IP protections.

Qualifications:

+ Highly advanced professional discipline. M.D., Ph. D. or equivalent doctoral degree and 5 years to 7 years of experience or equivalent combination of education and experience are required.

+ patent-related experience required

+ Must have a strong understanding of contracts and IP agreements

+ A strong knowledge of US patent law and regulations required

+ Must be a self-starter but also have a strong desire to contribute and work collaboratively to achieve goals

+ Must have a track record of success in roles requiring execution of multiple tasks while responding to multiple priorities

+ Must be a highly functioning, detail-oriented, and an analytical candidate who can think strategically

+ Excellent oral/written communication skills required

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$72,837.00 - $138,391.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
