Join the Spark Team

We were born of innovation, springing from the curiosity, imagination and dedication of remarkable scientists and healthcare visionaries. Our shared mission is to challenge the inevitability of genetic disease by discovering, developing, and delivering treatments in ways unimaginable – until now.

We don’t follow footsteps. We create the path.

Primary Duties

The Senior Research Scientist is a key member of the Pre-clinical Immunology Group within the Translational Research Department.

He/she will be responsible for:
Implementation of existing and creating novel approaches to investigate tissue-specific immune response in vitro and in vivo (CNS, Liver, others).
Propose strategies and design of proof-of-concept studies focused on immunomodulation combined with gene therapy.
Provide pre-clinical assessments that may support IND filings across various therapeutic areas external to the Immunology group
Overseeing joint programs with external collaborators.
Writing study reports, manuscripts, and presenting results at appropriate scientific meetings.
Responsibilities

70% - Perform experiments described above and provide training to other team members

15% - Design experiments, organize, discuss, and record experimental data

10% - Generate technical reports, prepare presentation slides, generate novel concepts

5% - Training, lab meetings and administration work

Education and Experience Requirements
Ph.D. in relevant scientific discipline required (e.g. Immunology, cell or molecular biology, virology, etc.)
Minimum of 3-5 years of hands-on research (industry or postdoctoral) experience with neuroimmunology or liver immunology
Key Skills, Abilities, and Competencies
In-depth knowledge of neuroimmunology or liver immunology supported by a strong publication record is required, and previous experience with AAV is a plus.
Extensive hands-on experience in measuring inflammation in CNS/neurodegenerative disease models or liver in vivo and in vitro.
Creative design of assays to determine tissue-specific immune responses and biomarkers of cellular stress and toxicities.
Experience with drug delivery into the CNS in animal models is a plus
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving capabilities
Proven ability to work independently, self-motivated to learn and develop new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies.
Excellent communication (oral and written) skills
Works with colleagues as a team player.
Travel may be required, but infrequently and for short periods of time.
