Hi, Please find the below requirements. You can respond back with an updated resume to praveenrajpvkc.com Position Data Modeler Location Philadelphia, PALong term contract Job Description middot Conducts data requirements assessment and design sessions with customers Works with analysts to establish clearly defined business requirements. middot Work with data suppliers to establish input and interface specifications. middot Perform data analysis for source system data Creates conceptual logical and physical models for banking data lake implementations. middot Design and manages data models in data modeling product Data Modeling, Data Warehousing Dimensional Modeling, Data Modeling for Big data and Metadata Management Data Lake and Big Data modeling experience. middot Design time variant models that support both point in time historical and current state analysis. middot Develop the approach for the implementation of Data Management lifecycle components examples include conformance with reference architecture metadata strategy data lake strategy data classification programs data quality. Required Skills middot Advanced knowledge of data architecture, design and business processes ODS and Data Warehouse environments. middot Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals. middot Strong SQL and Analytical skills to pull data from SnowflakeOracleSQL Server and perform usage analysis andor data profiling. middot Understanding of data modelling principles middot Experience in developing both logical and physical data models middot Maintain the glossary data dictionary middot Be involved in project initiatives to drive alignment to our data principles and standards middot Build and maintain strong relationships with our key architects and stakeholders middot Understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on people, processes, products and technology middot Implement appropriate data modelling governance framework middot Coordinate activities with the Enterprise Data Management team, working together with Enterprise Data Architects. Required Experience middot 10+ years of strong experience working in Data Warehouse environment with heavy emphasis on data modelingdata architecture involving data analysis, design, coupled with strong knowledge of end-to-end data warehouse development life cycle (data integration, conceptual, logical and physical modeling). middot Hands on experience with modeling tools, such as ERWIN or another industry standard tool and knowledge of various features of modeling tool. middot Strong experience in platforms like Snowflake andor Oracle. Other Relevant Skills Include middot Pharma industry experience is a Plus middot ability to manage multiple projects in parallel middot proven track record in consulting, architecture, solutioning and implementation understanding of emerging technologies, and their associated impact on enterprise environments Education Requirementsmiddot Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or a closely related field Regards,Praveen Raj Senior Talent Acquisition SpecialistPVK CorporationEmail praveenrajpvkc.com mailtoPraveenrajpvkc.com
