IQVIA is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

Advanced Analytics - Consultant - COS Job Description

Job Description

The IQVIA is one of the leading healthcare analytical teams in the world. It offers excellent opportunity to work with complex big data and apply predictive analytics/machine learning methodologies in a fast-paced and intellectually stimulating environment. We seek highly motivated talents who truly want to make a difference in the healthcare industry.

Those who choose to work with us are joining a recognized global leader a company uniquely positioned to help clients make the most of market opportunities and respond to challenges that affect global healthcare. Were committed to blending industry expertise and advanced technology to deliver the most accurate perspectives and in-depth analytics on healthcare dynamics. We use large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and models to measure and enhance the effectiveness business decisions. This position requires strong experience in a variety of data mining/data analysis methods and tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and simulations. We are seeking several years of direct experience with developing algorithms and models for predictive analytics. Leveraging proven ability to discover insights hidden in large data sets and drive solutions, you will interact with various functional teams in designing and delivering solutions to address clients business questions.

What youll be doing:
Provide statistical and machine learning methodology as well as project management support for pharmaceutical clients
Develop appropriate methodologies using various IQVIA data, third party data and client data.
Work directly with clients in support of project delivery from technical perspective.
Define statistical design and independently program to meet project information needs, conduct analyses to derive conclusions from the study, and identify new opportunities for standardization and for value-added analytics.
Work on projects where independent judgment is used within generally defined procedures and practices.
Build machine learning/statistical models on large healthcare data such as electronic healthcare claims and medical records, extracting insights from the data and formulating data driven recommendations
Apply machine learning and data mining technologies to develop innovative solutions for the healthcare industry.
Proactively manage project timelines, risks and challenges. Work out solution alternatives with the team under minimum supervision.
Handle multiple projects, and manage priorities accordingly
Develop and maintain relationships with key cross-functional stakeholders (are these clients?), including IQVIA global analytical team to access incremental support and analytical innovations
Provide on-the-job coaching and knowledge sharing to more junior staff when appropriate
What were looking for:
Quantitative background with advanced degrees (Master +) in Statistics, computer science, data science, or related field with a minimum of 3-10 years relevant experience in industry.
In-depth understanding of machine learning algorithms and statistical models
Experience in one or more of the following: SQL / relational databases, big data technology (e.g., HDFS, Hive, Pig, or Spark) and deep learning libraries (e.g. Keras, Tensorflow, and PyTorch)
Strong hands-on experience with R, SAS, Excel and Python. Ideally, knowledge of other data science platforms such as Knime & RapidMiner are plus.
Ability to work to collaboratively support machine-learning algorithms in big data platform to solve a variety of business problems.
Strong literacy and presentation skills with minimal guidance, can prepare presentations to provide key business insights, and present results in a convincing manner to a business audience
Innate ability to learn new data assets and acquire domain expertise to understand and formulate solutions specific to pharma industry. Prior pharmaceutical industry experience is not required as training and mentoring can be provided.
Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIAs Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.
