Description and Requirements

MedAvante-Prophase is searching for a Senior ClinicalDataScientist Programmer to join our team. In this role, you will be responsible for building programs to create SAS datasets from the clinical database, external data sources, and other sources while following the clinical study's protocol or statistical plans. This role will also serve as a mentor to the programming team. This position will be located at our Hamilton NJ location.

Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree required; advanced degree preferred
Qualifications:
A minimum of 7 years SAS and/or ETL programming experience in a business environment required
A minimum of 5 years of SAS Data Programming experience in clinical trials strongly recommended.
Experience with electronic Clinical Database Systems is required and experience with electronic reporting applications preferred
Knowledge of GCP is essential
Must be detail oriented with a track record of problem solving and willingness to work in a dynamic environment
Must have good verbal and written communication skills
Position requires the ability to quality check all data deliverables
Ability to create presentation and interpret the data to internal and external clients
Proficient using Microsoft Excel required
Experience using other software such as R or Power BI is a plus
Essential Duties:
Build as well as providing guidance to other programmers, SAS datasets from clinical database.
Develop SAS macros, templates and utilities for data cleaning and reporting, giving guidance and training to team.
Utilize SDTM guidelines to build datasets.
Communicate with an internal team to create deliverables for clients.
Write SAS programs to generate tables, listings, and figures datasets, recommending more effective methods or enhancement across the department.
Be the SAS SME in working with Clinical Data Sciences member on various clinical projects.
Participating in identifying and creating edit checks per the data transfer plan.
Creating and provide study specific reports, using SAS.
Monitoring of data transfers for ongoing trials to identify study conduct and/or data quality issues.
Provide mentorship and guidance to programming team.
Travel Requirements:
Ability to travel domestic and internationally, less than 10% of the time, including overnight stays if necessary, consistent with project needs and office location.
About Us:

MedAvante-ProPhase, a subsidiary of WIRB-Copernicus Group (WCG) was founded in 2002 with the goal of helping to bring better drug therapies to market through smarter, faster clinical trials. With this goal in mind, MedAvante-ProPhase set out to solve one of Pharma’s most intractable problems: the bias and variability that cause failed or inconclusive trials for Central Nervous System (CNS) therapies. A few years later, MedAvante-ProPhase experts pioneered Central Ratings and introduced the concept of Central Review utilizing their groundbreaking Virgil eSource solution.

WCG is proud to be an equal opportunity employer – Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by law.
