The MS&T Scientist will be responsible for providing support to the manufacturing group by providing product and process optimization, investigation on deviation and root cause analysis; lead on technology transfer activities, , and any activities required by the MS&T organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Performs investigations to support regulatory filings including but not limited to: deviation investigations during the manufacturing process, root cause analyses relevant to patient products and Adaptimmune cell therapy processes.
Provides support service for MSAT preclinical and clinical investigations, including supervision of supporting personnel as needed.
Provides support of technology transfer, in-process methods optimization, and technology evaluation for MSAT activities.
Handles automation, improvement validation, verification of process and in-process analytic equipment.
Establishes protocols, SOPs for transfer process to Manufacturing.
Initiates changes controls, performs data analysis, oversees pre and post implementation activities.
Requirements
One to four years working in the pharmaceutical industry, preferably a Biotechnology Company, with emphasis on immunological systems, cell therapy, gene therapy, and large scale process development and improvement.
MS in biological sciences, bioengineering or a related field.
Extensive knowledge of cGMP regulations including USP and EP testing requirements
Experience in authoring and/or reviewing documents for regulatory (FDA, EMA) review
Proficiency evaluating data, preparing reports, authoring and reviewing documents, and communicating results to internal and external stakeholders.
Conduct laboratory investigations and prepare and communicate deviations and CAPAs as needed
Identify and implement continuous improvement projects for lab process efficiencies
Ability and desire to effectively work in an interdisciplinary team environment and to effectively interact at multiple levels within the company to support internal manufacturing capabilities
Large scale process validation, and knowledge in authoring manufacturing process description and process map using VISIO is a plus.
Five to ten years of experience working in a cGMP environment, or pharma/ biotech manufacturing environment in a development or MSAT Lab.
Ability to author and revise Master Batch records
Technical writing skills for drafting equipment and laboratory standard operating procedures
Process change requirement through the change control system.
Large scale tissue culture skills using human primary cells covering static bags and bioreactor.
Knowledge of technology transfer including both in-process methods and process transfer experience as both the receiving and sending units.
Knowledge of multi-color flow cytometry, cell counting devices, closed system cell washer devices, automated cryopreservation devices.
Cryopreservation of human primary T-cells.
Powered by JazzHR
