Location Philadelphia, PA Description Our client is currently seeking a Data Engineer for our client in Philadelphia! This job will have the following responsibilities Work closely with stakeholders, analysts, and data scientists within the organization developing software solutions helping to deliver insights into customer and network behavior that drive business decisions. Develop large scale, cloud based data pipelines for the collection and processing of device telemetry and network events, providing both a real time and historical view into the operation of our products and services. Expose services over REST APIs and work closely with various engineering teams to solve key optimization, insight and access network data challenges. Develop large scale data pipelines exposing data sources Develop REST APIs utilizing AWS lambda and API Gateway. Develop Spark streaming and batch jobs to clean and transform data. Write build automation to deploy and manage cloud resources and unit and integration tests. Qualifications Requirements Strong python development experience required Experiences with Oracle database, especially in AWS RDS, Cloud Computing (AWS Lambda, EC2, ECS), and Spark (AWS EMR, Databricks). BSMS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or other relevant science and engineering discipline. 4+ years working as a software engineer and 2+ years working within an enterprise data lakewarehouse environment or big data architecture. Proficiency in testing frameworks and writing unitintegration tests and in Unix-based operating systems and bash scripts. Preferred Additional Skills Experience with working in Spark Experience with AWS Experience with monitoring and visualization tools such as Grafana, Prometheus, Data Dog, and Cloudwatch. Experience with NoSQL databases, such as DynamoDB, MongoDB, Redis, Cassandra, or HBase If interested, please email LEltringhamjudge.com with an updated resume! Thanks! Contact leltringhamjudge.com mailtoleltringhamjudge.com?subjectData20Engineer This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com httpwww.judge.com
