Application Instructions:

For consideration please submit a CV and a statement of teaching philosophy. These documents must be submitted together as one document through the resume upload field.

Introduction:

University of the Sciences (USciences) is offering a new online graduate certificate in Data Science. USciences Online provides convenient, high-quality science and healthcare programs to help individuals advance their careers.

We are currently hiring adjunct instructors for 100% online, flexible programs and six term starts per year. Each term is eight weeks. Pay per Course: $2,500.00 (Graduate Level). Below is the schedule for the remainder of 2020:

Summer 2020

May 4 - Jun 26

Jun 29 - Aug 21

Fall 2020

Aug 24 - Oct 16

Oct 19 - Dec 11

This posting will remain active indefinitely to develop a pool of qualified applicants.

Position Overview:

Adjuncts will facilitate Data Science courses online/asynchronously to graduate students in USciences Online division. We are interested in innovative teaching approaches that complement the existing strengths of the University and contribute to the excellence of the learning experience and academic community.

Four Courses Available:
Introduction to Data Science
Data Collection, Management and Coding
Bio-statistical Analysis
Introduction to Statistical Programming
Specifically, the Online Adjunct will be expected to facilitate class discussion related to:
Role played by data science in different fields.
Creation of databases for different purposes and management of data within the databases.
Selecting and performing the correct type of statistical analysis to answer a question.
Interpretation of findings from statistical analyses.
Design of visualizations and tables to depict findings from statistical analyses.
Understanding the role played by statistical software in data sciences and selecting appropriate software to use for specific tasks. Analysis of organizational structure, processes and outcomes in continuous quality improvement.
Facilitate course via approved course plan/syllabus provided by USciences Online
Adhere to all policies and expectations detailed in the USciences Online Adjunct Faculty Guide
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Required:
Master’s degree in Statistics, Data Analytics, or related field
Subject matter expert in field
Minimum 2 - 3 years of previous asynchronous, online teaching experience at the graduate level
Experience with adult learners
Access to computer: minimum computing requirements
Comfortable with all aspects of online environment
Flexible schedule to accommodate students in different time zones
Active, ongoing engagement with all students to support learning
1-week turnaround for grading online assignments
24-hour turnaround for e-mails and responses to discussion board posts
One-on-one consultations with students
Willingness/availability to participate in ongoing online faculty development
Adherence to ADA requirements for students with disabilities
The finalist will be required to successfully pass a background check.
The specific statements in this job description are not intended to be all-inclusive. They are typical criteria considered necessary to successfully perform the job.

Preferred Qualifications:
Doctoral degree in Statistics-related field
At USciences we create a better world in many ways. We educate the next generation of leaders in healthcare and science, increase the world’s knowledge and improve the lives of people around the planet.

USciences offers a wealth of opportunities for individuals seeking job, career and personal growth. Our campus community affords a wide range of faculty and staff positions that support our academic programs and students with many jobs similar to those found in private organizations.

If you are motivated by being surrounded by achievement, enjoy work with a shared purpose and want the pride that comes with being part of a winning team, join us today.
