Join the Spark Team

We were born of innovation, springing from the curiosity, imagination and dedication of remarkable scientists and healthcare visionaries. Our shared mission is to challenge the inevitability of genetic disease by discovering, developing, and delivering treatments in ways unimaginable – until now.

We don’t follow footsteps. We create the path.

The Molecular Engineering Senior Research Scientist is a key member of the Discovery Research Team and participates in the development of capabilities related to directed evolution and molecular design.

He/she will be responsible for:
Participating in and/or overseeing discovery programs, facilitating translation from in vitro through in vivo proof-of-concept in small and large animal models in support of developing capsids and therapeutic proteins for current and future gene therapy programs.
Collaborating with other Translational Research Scientists at Spark to design and coordinate studies to screen and identify novel capsids with improved potency and tropism profiles.
Initiating and overseeing joint programs and collaborations with external academic and industry partners.
Writing study reports, manuscripts and presenting results at appropriate scientific meetings.
The Molecular Engineering Senior Research Scientist position requires extensive experience with molecular biology, design and generation of DNA-based libraries, vector production and transgene expression analysis:
Helping to develop novel biological engineering and screening methods to generate a pipeline of capsids and vector entities with unique tropism properties and therapeutic proteins with enhanced profiles.
Facilitating implementation of approaches that utilize large diversity libraries and allow for assessment of variants in high throughput fashion to enable the development of improved molecular entities.
Helping to deliver rigorous, interpretable and scientifically sound workflows to facilitate product development (e.g. generating and/or implementing ideas followed by validation, in vivo proof-of-concept, etc.).
Responsibilities:

70% Participate in the design and evaluation of novel strategies to address limitations of current gene therapy approaches through protein design, engineering and evolution. This includes executing experiments on the bench, extensive literature review and championing product candidate development

15% Generate novel concepts, design experiments, organize, discuss, and record experimental data.

10% Prepare and deliver scientific presentations at internal and external meetings, generate technical reports.

5% Trainings, lab meetings and administration work.

Requirements:
Ph.D. in a relevant scientific discipline (e.g. biological engineering, synthetic biology, molecular biology, biochemistry, etc.) with 3-5 years of related experience.
Hands-on research experience with designing and generating DNA-based diversity libraries, high throughput screen and selection schemes, next-gen sequencing.
Experience using various in vitro expression systems and in vivo models.
Experience in AAV gene therapy and machine learning for biological applications is preferred.
Strong publication record is a plus.
Competencies:
Experience in general and advanced lab techniques such as plasmid design and construction, molecular cloning, protein expression, qPCR, cell culture, ELISA, plate-based luciferase and/or enzymatic activity assays, SDS-PAGE/western blotting, gene expression assays, etc.
Experience with next-gen sequencing, barcoding, high throughput screening and other enabling technologies.
Experience with studies in laboratory animal models is preferred.
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving capabilities.
Proven ability to work independently in hands-on laboratory setting, self-motivated to learn and develop new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies.
Excellent communication skills (both oral and written).
Familiar with computer software commonly used in bio/pharma industries.
Works with colleagues as a team player.
Strong organizational skills, able to advance multiple research projects in parallel.
Highly adaptable and comfortable in environments with dynamic priority demands.
Experience managing external collaborations is a plus.
