Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

The Sr Data Science, Analytic Marketing is responsible for analytic support of BFS Direct Marketing efforts across the US and Canadian markets. The individual in this role will be responsible for the targeting, selection, and optimization of Direct Response Marketing efforts for our Small Business customers. The incumbent will also be responsible for developing and delivering ad-hoc analytic studies that will directly support the objectives of the General Managers and Marketing Team in each region. The leader will work with the management team to develop new analytics capabilities and insights in order to support growth in the local markets.

Job Description:

Role:
Coordinate with Marketing and Portfolio Managers to understand business objectives, identify best business practices, and to develop analytic plans to drive results
Work with Marketing to develop innovative go to market strategies including targeting and segmentation strategies, model use and strategy, and develop robust tracking and performance measurement processes
Work directly with channel managers to optimize direct response marketing (Direct Mail, E-Mail, Digital) and OB/IB Sales channels
Be responsible for conducting rigorous data analysis to help improve customer experiences and identify growth opportunities for the Business Financing Solutions team
Work cross-functionally with and provide analytic support to Product, Risk, Engineering, and Marketing towards a common business lending initiative
Identify product metrics and monitor performance through reports / dashboards and ad hoc analysis
Develop a robust testing agenda to ensure continued evolution of marketing programs and offers.
Present findings and recommendations to senior-level stakeholders
Support launch of new markets and new business lending products
Job Requirements:
At least 6-8+ years of relevant work experience analysing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations
Direct response marketing experience is a requirement
Data driven mind-set, with an advanced degree in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics or Economics; Masters or MBA preferred
Proven track record of deploying advanced analytic tools and processes to drive business results
Experience across product, marketing, business intelligence and/or other analytical domains
Proven ability to work independently and take direction from multiple stakeholders
Exceptional written and verbal communication skills
Demonstrated customer orientation in his/her approach to both strategy and execution. Must implicitly understand what is necessary to create value for consumers.
Excellent people and stakeholder management skills, to include strong influencing skills and ability to navigate a global and matrixed organization
Team Player. Committed to joint success of all teammates
Subsidiary:

Swift

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Conshohocken, Pennsylvania, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Wilmington

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
