We are seeking a SQL programmer/developer to work for a Fortune 500 company within the Cable/MSO space. The ideal candidate will be working closely with both Senior/Junior Analysts to help maintain databases, and incorporate new data retrieved. To apply email LMurray@TechUSA.net-Ideally seeking someone with functional database skills to create data sets, stand up tables, producing sets & queries -3-5 years of industry experience -Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or equivalent major required -Expert skills with SQL -Experience and proficiency with common, popular database technologies including SQL Server, Oracle and MySQL -Familiarity with Scripting in perl or a similar language -Knowledge of database full life cycle design and application development -Significant experience particularly in desktop data analysis tools including Excel - Tableau would be a big plus! -ETL experience with Pentaho or Hadoop a big plus! -Demonstrated experience in gathering complex reporting requirements, designing and implementing insightful Visualization Solutions (Reports, Dashboards, Metrics, KPI’s) About Tech USA: Tech USA is a comprehensive provider of staffing and workforce solutions throughout the Infrastructure and Information Technology Industries, including Education, Healthcare, Financial, Government, Engineering, and Cyber Security. We are actively seeking candidates for contract, contract-to-hire, project support and permanent placement jobs throughout the nation. View our website to see a list of our current open positions; however, not all of our positions are listed so don’t forget to submit your resume and request a consultation with one of our IT recruiting specialists to explore your opportunities further. At Tech USA we understand that next to your family, your career is one of the most important aspects to a happy and fulfilling life. This is why we take the time to truly understand and get to know our candidates, so we can then pair them with the right job, not just any job. As a result, Tech USA is known throughout the industry for quality, reliability and the highest satisfaction from both our clients as well as the candidates that we represent. Contact a local Tech USA representative today and learn about the many opportunities we may have available for you. Tech USA is an equal opportunity employer.
