Site Name: UK - Hertfordshire - Stevenage, USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence, UK - London - Brentford
Posted Date: May 29 2020

GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is a science-led, global healthcare company, employing over 100,000 people in more than 115 countries. Our mission is to improve the quality of human life by enabling people to do more, feel better, live longer.

Data, Methods & Analytics

GSKs Data, Methods and Analytics team (DMA) partners closely with Real World Evidence & Epidemiology, and Value Evidence & Outcomes to support drug development and patient access. We are an in-house data and analytics team set up to provide insight into the patterns, burden, and occurrence of disease, cost and healthcare utilisation, and the safety and effectiveness and other outcomes of treatment. Our goal is to provide objective evidence of the value of our medicines through the analysis of electronic health records, administrative claims, patient registries and other observational health data sources.

Roles and Responsibilities

Within this role you will:
Transform real-world data into actionable insights in Epidemiology and Health Outcomes research through study design and hands-on manipulation and statistical analysis of complex health datasets.
Consult and collaborate with research partners to inform, conduct, analyse, interpret and report studies using real world healthcare data.
Build skills in secondary use analyses of clinical trial data to support economic dossiers and market access (i.e., Indirect treatment comparisons, meta-analysis, network meta-analyses, post hoc analysis of clinical trial data etc.)
Represent DMA as a subject matter expert on real world data, its use incl. study methodologies and capabilities.
Investigate, critically appraise and apply innovative methods, technologies and tools to better leverage real world data.
Explore novel ways to refine and streamline routine analytics through the development and application of robust approaches.
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Hold a Masters degree or PhD, or have equivalent experience, in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, epidemiology, health economics or biostatistics. Prior experience working with population-based health outcomes data is highly desirable.
Be passionate about working hands-on with data, and proficient in manipulating large, complex datasets in a statistical programming language such as SAS, R or Stata.
Have excellent problem-solving and analytical skills and enjoy finding efficient and innovative solutions to challenging problems.
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Be self-reliant with the ability to deliver robust, timely, high-quality analytics.
Be an enthusiastic collaborator and enjoy working on a wide range of projects and requests across multiple therapy areas.
Be an effective communicator and able to articulate complex concepts to diverse audiences.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectationsare at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Agile and distributed decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk
Managing individual and team performance.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Implementing change initiatives and leading change.
Sustaining energy and well-being, building resilience in teams.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning both internally and externally.
Developing people and building a talent pipeline.
Translating strategy into action - a compelling narrative, motivating others, setting objectives and delegation.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, managing trusted stakeholder relationships internally and externally.
Budgeting and forecasting, commercial and financial acumen.
As a company driven by our values of Patient focus, Transparency, Respect and Integrity, we know inclusion and diversity are essential for us to be able to succeed. We want all our colleagues to thrive at GSK bringing their unique experiences, ensuring they feel good and to keep growing their careers. As a candidate for a role, we want you to feel the same way.

As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we are open to all talent. In the US, we also adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, colour, national origin, religion, gender, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class*(*US only).

We believe in an agile working culture for all our roles. If flexibility is important to you, we encourage you to explore with our hiring team what the opportunities are.

Please dont hesitate to contact us if youd like to discuss any adjustments to our process which might help you demonstrate your strengths and capabilities. You can either call us on 0808 234 4391, or send an email ukdiversity.recruitment@gsk.com

As you apply, we will ask you to share some personal information which is entirely voluntary. We want to have an opportunity to consider a diverse pool of qualified candidates and this information will assist us in meeting that objective and in understanding how well we are doing against our inclusion and diversity ambitions. We would really appreciate it if you could take a few moments to complete it. Rest assured, Hiring Managers do not have access to this information and we will treat your information confidentially.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
