Janssen Pharmaceutical, a member of Johnson & Johnson's Family
of Companies, is recruiting for a Scientist, CAR-T Analytical
Development-Cell & Gene Therapy, Vaccines . The position will be
located in Malvern, PA.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson,
what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. We focus on
treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating and complex
diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science, wherever it
might be found.

We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We
collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. We are seeking to
hire a highly energetic and collaborative, scientist to join our CAR-T
analytical development team.

Key responsibilities include but are not limited to:

+ Supporting
CAR-T product development, serving as an analytical technical expert for
multi-color flow cytometry

+ Leading
methods development, qualification, validation and transfer activities,
writing protocols, reports, and performing and coordinating testing to
support manufacturing process development, process validations, and
manufacturing investigations

+ Maintain
laboratory notebooks and prepare written protocols and reports in a GMP
compliant manner

+ Perform
instrument IO/OQ/PQ, review logbooks and maintain general laboratory
operations

+ Interface with
Quality Assurance (QA) and regulatory agencies during audits

+ Accurately
capturing data in a timely manner, ensuring data integrity and protocol
compliance

+ Shift work may
be required

Qualifications

Required:

+ Master's
degree, with at least 6-7 years of relevant experience is required

+ Ph.D. with in
biology, immunology or other relevant scientific field with at least 2
years of relevant experience is preferred

+ Highly
proficient with basic immunology techniques is required

+ Extensive
experience in multi-color flow cytometry is required

+ Knowledge of
basic immunology techniques including mammalian cell culture, ELISA, SPR,
and PCR is required

Preferred:

+ Hands-on
experience with CAR-T or other cell and gene therapy products is highly
preferred

+ CMC experience
is preferred

+ Experience
with analytical method development for a variety of cell-based bioassays,
binding assays and/or residual impurity assays is preferred

+ Experience
working in a cGMP environment is preferred

+ Knowledge of
potency assays and/or cellular immunology is preferred

Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and Equal
Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for
employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not
be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern-

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

0103191119
