Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: May 20 2020

The candidate will support early stage drug discovery efforts within the Novel Human Genetics Research Unit by developing and executing biochemical and cell biology experiments to identify and validate new drug targets. The position requires excellent organizational skills, proven problem-solving abilities, management of multiple ongoing tasks, and the ability to communicate with matrix teams effectively.

The candidate should be familiar with the design and execution of biochemical and cell-based assays, including the application of enzyme activity and protein binding techniques, and the investigation of cellular signaling pathways using ELISA, immunoblotting, and gene expression analysis. Additionally, the candidate should be capable of data analysis using basic statistical methods. Experience in basic molecular biology methods, such as PCR and nucleic acid isolation, as well as routine cell isolation and culture methods is required. Experience with CRISPR, siRNA/shRNA, lentiviruses, and the isolation and handling of primary and induced pleuripotent stem cells is highly desirable, as is familiarity with transcriptomic and bioinformatic analysis. The candidate must be willing to perform experiments in a manner that is compliant with organizational safety and data integrity policies.

Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
A BS/MS with 2 years of experience in biology, biochemistry, pharmacology, molecular/cell biology, immunology or related scientific discipline.
Experienced in laboratory methods of biochemical research and/or cellular and molecular biology. Capable of independent experimental protocol development and troubleshooting.
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Familiarity with mechanisms and models of liver, renal, and CNS disease.
Highly organized and flexible in role assignments with solid written and oral communication skills.
Must be able to work effectively in a matrix team environment.
The candidate must demonstrate the ability to review scientific data critically and communicate these findings effectively.
Experienced in maintaining detailed records and good capacity to comprehend scientific literature.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
