Janssen Research &
Development, LLC, a member of the J&J Family of Companies, is recruiting
for a Senior Scientist in Pharmaceutical Developability within the Discovery, Product Development & Supply, the
Small Molecule Drug Product Development organization located in Spring House,
PA.

Janssen Research &
Development, L.L.C. develops treatments that improve the health and lifestyles
of people worldwide. Research and development areas encompass novel targets in
neurologic disorders, gastroenterology, oncology, infectious disease, diabetes,
hematology, metabolic disorders, immunologic disorders, and reproductive
medicine

The position will be accountable as of Lead
Optimization for the developability profiling of key compounds of interest
within Janssen's Discovery portfolio. In this position, you will partner with
Discovery to help guide and influence the optimal design and selection of New
Molecular Entities (NMEs) and ensure identification of the best compounds for
progression into clinical development in line with the Disease Area Stronghold
(DAS) and Therapeutic Area (TA) Strategy.
Furthermore, you will have the opportunity to recommend formulation
strategies up to First in Human (FIH) clinical studies, also taking into
consideration later formulation trajectories.

As part of the Global Developability team, you will
work closely with the Team Leads of Small Molecule Pharmaceutical
Developability at Spring House and provide strategic guidance on programs. Within this role you can expect a balanced
mixture of strategic input at program meetings as well as laboratory
responsibilities to plan and generate key data for decision-making. As an integral part of a matrix program team,
you will have the opportunity to collaborate closely with key partners in both
the Discovery and the Development organizations. You will be part of a Janssen R&D
organization where strong partnerships with key stakeholders in Discovery,
Nonclinical Safety, Product Development, Drug Metabolism and Pharmacokinetics
are highly valued.

The Developability role is an integral part of
Discovery program teams and contributes early understanding of solubility,
chemical stability, physical characterization including solid-state form, and
provides formulations to enable evaluation of efficacy, DMPK, and preclinical
safety. Within our Discovery portfolio,
a large range of formulation approaches are utilized including oral, intravenous,
intramuscular, ophthalmic, and inhaled.
Experience with formulation of poorly soluble small molecules including
understanding of particle size reduction strategies, liposomes, SEDDS/SMEDDS,
and use of amorphous solids for bioavailability enhancement is highly
preferred. Additionally, the ideal
candidate will have experience in preclinical formulation strategies to deliver
peptides, protein degraders (PROTACS), oligonucleotides, and siRNAs.

Further key accountabilities/responsibilities
details:

+ Represent Drug
Product Development on various Discovery programs ensuring relevant
Pharmaceutical Development input & emphasizing key risks with a goal of
identifying the best compounds for development. The candidate will be accountable for
assessing developability of New Molecular Entities in small molecule design,
will be accountable for polymorphic form and salt selection, and will determine
formulation strategies to support both safety assessment & FIH clinical
studies. Be a key decision maker in candidate evaluations, selection, and advancement.

+ Take a proactive
role in identifying the right questions and providing the appropriate
experimental design using relevant preclinical studies and formulation
concepts.

+ Provide sound
scientific input into potential development issues and risk factors and
recommend strategy on how to move forward.

+ Provide timely and
informative updates to the Global Head of Developability, Spring House
Developability team and on assigned Discovery teams to ensure understanding of
progress, portfolio, risks, and challenges.

+ Actively connect
and engage key Discovery partners, Therapeutic Areas, Pharmacokinetics,
Toxicology, and Product Development teams.

+ Be proficient in
solid-state (pXRD, DSC, TGA, DVS, microscopy, etc.) and liquid (UPLC/HPLC,
dynamic light scattering, particle size characterization, UV/Vis, solubility,
stability, etc.) characterization techniques and instrumentation.

+ Stay informed on
innovative screening tools and formulation options to meet the needs of the
Discovery programs, in collaboration with experts within Janssen R&D,
academic institutes and contract labs.

+ Support
biopharmaceutical assessment, which is of critical importance in determining
the suitability of a lead candidate for further development, involving many
stakeholders

+ Opportunity to
significantly influence the scientific and strategic direction of the
Developability team. You will have the opportunity to help ensure world-class
support of the Discovery portfolio, to cultivate collaboration across multiple
teams, and improve scientific expertise.

+ Maintain an up to
date knowledge of cutting-edge advances in developability and formulation
science

Qualifications

Required
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

+ A Ph.D. degree in
Pharmaceutical Sciences, Chemistry, Chemical Engineering with 3+ years of relevant
experience, or proven equivalent experience desirable.

+ BS with 6+ or MS
with 4+ years of robust experienced and understanding of Developability within
the Pharmaceutical industry is required.

+ A strong
understanding of Early and Late Discovery and Pharmaceutical Development such
as ADME, Preclinical Safety evaluation and Drug Development required.

+ Demonstrated
experience in developability or assessment of New Molecular Entities (NME) for
druggable characteristics (e.g. molecular design and interpretation of pharmaceutical
properties in relation to exposure and toxicology data, formulation strategies
and optimal dosage forms required.

+ Strategic and
broad technical and scientific leadership capabilities; ability to
guide/support/oversee delivery of technical initiatives or new capabilities for
the organization required.

+ Experience in
matrix leadership and collaborative initiatives, strong managerial competencies
required.

+ Excellent
partnering and decision-making skills required.

+ Understanding and experience
with the use of predictive models and data science preferred.

+ Negotiate and
influence decision-making processes, think and manage through issues into
resolution, lead scientific discussions required.

+ Excellent oral and
written communication skills and ability to clearly and concisely present and
communicate developability assessment and its impact to various audiences,
including medicinal chemists, biologists, preclinical leaders, development
leaders and internal management boards required.

+ Ability to travel up
to 10%.

Johnson & Johnson
is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard
to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age,
national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated
against on the basis of disability.

Primary Location

United States-Pennsylvania-Spring House-

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

3171200406
