Data Modeler

Philadelphia Global Asset Manager

J Harlan Group is currently conducting a search for a Data Modeler at a Global Asset Manager based in Philadelphia.

We are seeking a seasoned, high Senior Data Modeler who will be responsible for driving decisions across data initiatives, working closely with Data Architect and strong network of solution designers and engineers to continue the build-out of the firm’s global technical data strategy.

Principal Responsibilities:

In this role, you will have the opportunity to:
Work closely with Data Architects and various system stakeholders to develop and maintain data models (conceptual, logical, physical and canonical) and definitions across all lines of business
Advise and implement best practice data modelling production, storage, and consumption standards
Maintain the glossary / data dictionary
Be involved in project initiatives to drive alignment to our data principles and standards
Build and maintain strong relationships with our key architects and stakeholders
Understand and document how data is, or will be used, and its implications on people, processes, products and technology
Implement appropriate data modelling governance framework
Coordinate activities with the Enterprise Data Management team, working together with Enterprise Data Architects.
The ideal candidate would have a background including:

You will need to bring a good understanding and experience with the traditional Data Modeling Principles with experience in developing both logical and physical data models plus relevant skills in data analysis and mining.

Relevant skills include;
Financial Services experience is a plus.
Strong analytical skills
Ability to translate business requirements to technical requirements
Ability to translate high level design into specific implementation steps.
Financial industry experience
Ability to manage multiple projects in parallel
Proven track record in consulting, architecture, solutioning and implementation
Understanding of emerging technologies, and their associated impact on enterprise environments.
An individual who loves solving deep and complex technical and business problems and wants to have an outsized impact with the products they build and deliver. An individual with a passion for technology, high level of intellectual curiosity, a commitment to excellence and an unparalleled drive to deliver world-class investment technology solutions.

They seek candidates who are high-energy self-starters who want to join an investment banking firm on the leading edge of the global markets. The management team needs individuals of the highest professional caliber who are leaders, problem solvers, analytic, detail-oriented, and entrepreneurial. Everyone at the firm works in a highly collaborative and charged environment.

Successful candidates are:
Analytic and relentless in pursuit of the right answer
Strong communicators who excel at rapid synthesis
Able to demonstrate sound business judgment
Able to digest complexity while maintaining an understanding of the “big picture” of business needs
Team players who are energized by a collaborative enterprise
About the Client:

Our Client is the global investment management arm of a global provider of banking, financial, advisory, investment and funds management services operating in more than 70 locations in more than 27 countries. They manage more than $263 billion across 24 independent global investment teams. Their global network of specialist asset management teams strives to deliver superior, sustainable risk-adjusted returns by employing their extensive experience, strong investment convictions, and commitment to in-depth research.

They offer securities investment management capabilities across a number of asset classes including fixed income, currencies, equities, infrastructure securities, hedge funds, and multi-asset allocation solutions. With their strong asset management expertise and strong investment convictions they are dedicated to providing their clients with investment excellence.

The firm’s employees maintain the highest professional and ethical standards. The firm has earned a reputation for honesty, fair dealing, and transparency in a competitive industry. They believe that these standards are the foundation for superior investment performance and are critical to delivering performance to clients
