Job Description
Scientist II - Analytical Chemistry - Agrochemical

Fully Independent Contract Research Laboratory (CRO) specialized in a higher tier regulatory chemistry services to the agrochemical sector. Our extensive expertise includes managing large study programs, field study components & understanding regulatory needs at a state, national, and international level. Studies are performed in accordance with GLP guidelines. We have the latest and most sensitive analytical instruments including HPLC/UPLC instruments with Sciex 4000 and 6500 Q Trap Mass Spectrometers, and a B-Ram radio analysis detector, to name a few. We strive to employ a varied and diverse range of dynamic people who understand and appreciate the importance of our mission and what we do. When you consider an opportunity in this organization you will be joining a dedicated and professional group.
Our client offers Residues, Soil dissipation, and E-fate research in diversified environmental matrices.

The client is a specialized service provider dedicated to undertaking studies for residues and metabolism in plants, soil, animals and diversified environmental matrices. Our client has a purpose-built facility, that provides analytical and radiochemical services to the sponsors.

Our highly experienced and competent researchers have a strong background and extensive experience in the fields of metabolism, environmental fate, residue chemistry, field dissipation, and worker exposure. Our client conducts studies in accordance with US-EPA, GLP requirements. Our client has a successful audit history with the US-EPA and has also performed several studies under OECD guidelines for Canadian, Japanese, and European submissions.

Our client collaborates with the task forces and various research groups to offer comprehensive services, in collaboration with few partners, our client can perform complex environmental and exposure studies in the US.

The laboratory is well equipped with highly sophisticated analytical instruments:
LC MS-MS (Sciex 6500, Q TRAP, 4000, Sciex 4000 Quadrupole, Ultima Micro-mass)
GC & GC/MS
HPLC with array of detectors
Liquid scintillation analyzer
HPLC-Flow scintillation analyzer
Biological Material Oxidizers
Sun Test equipment
Sample processing equipment
Purpose built 400 Sq. ft Environmental Lab dedicated for Soil / sediment and Aquatic metabolism using radioactive (14C labeled) test material for environmental fate studies.
Residue sample processing lab, extraction and concentration facility
Several fume hoods connected to roof extractors
400 Sq. ft Walk in Freezer at -20 C
Benefits:

Medical, dental, and vision coverage, Flexible Spending Account, Employee Assistance Program, Company-paid Short Term & Long Term Disability coverage, Retirement savings with a generous company match, Paid holidays and vacation time

Experience and competencies in the following is a Plus:
Bachelor/Masters Degree in Science with a minimum of 3-5 years experience in analytical chemistry & agrochemical.
Knowledge of extraction procedures and basic fundamental of separation chemistry.
Total knowledge of guidelines utilized to run high tier metabolism studies and residue studies.
Ability to independently run instruments such as: HPLC/MS/MS, GC/MS/MS, UV, and others.
GLP experience and have worked on GLP studies as they relate to the agro or pharmaceutical industries.
Team management experience and coordination
Report and protocol writing experience
Key Job Responsibilities:
Design experiments and studies, manage resources, both equipment, and personnel, and organize experimental setup
Design new studies under the guidance of the team leads
Work with the Team Leads to develop protocols and run studies for our clients
Instrument operation and data interpretation as primary review
Act as Study Director in multiple studies and in different departments
Review data and provide timely updates to sponsors
Relationship Management for key accounts
Report writing
Organizing resources to improve the efficiency of the lab process
Review SOPs to provide feedback and contribute towards improvement
Orient, mentor and teach laboratory methods, procedures, and techniques to new chemists
Demonstrate effective teamwork skills by knowledge sharing
Take on formally assigned additional duties as a part of routine job performance
Participate on special project teams as requested by management
Volunteer to serve on various committees and panels to the benefit of the laboratory (e.g. Safety Committee)
