Vertical Lift Data Exploitation Analyst

Company:

The Boeing Company

Job ID:

00000178725

Date Posted:

2020-07-07-07:00

Location:

USA - Ridley Park, PA

Job Description Summary:

Defines and validates requirements for new and revised hardware and software systems. Designs, develops and tests applications. Performs trade studies and other forms of analysis to formulate optimum solutions for users. Develops and deploys new or revised processes in support of new computing systems, including documentation and training. Supports the development of system integration strategies and architectures that promote use of common tools and processes. Facilitates integration of new technologies and the transition from legacy systems to support business requirements. Works under general direction.

Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial airplanes and defense, space and security systems. We are engineers and technicians. Skilled scientists and thinkers. Bold innovators and dreamers. Join us, and you can build something better for yourself, for our customers and for the world.

Relocation:

Relocation is available for eligible candidates, if authorized

Export Control Requirement:

Safety Sensitive:

This is not a safety sensitive position

Contingent Upon Award Program

This position is not contingent upon program award

Job Description Qualifications:

At Boeing, we are all innovators on a mission to connect, protect, explore and inspire. From the sea bed to outer space, you’ll learn and grow, contributing to work that shapes the world. Find your future with us.

How would you like to be on an engineering team where you are the go-to person to apply data analytic tools and processes to analyze factory, flight test and operator in-service data from rotorcraft platforms (e.g. H-47) in order to assure platform safety, reliability and maintainability?

The Boeing Defense, Space & Security (BDS) is seeking a Vertical Life Data Exploitation Analyst. This position is located in Ridley Park PA. We have an exciting opportunity for a high energy IT-skilled and experienced professional to be embedded within our specialty engineering team to enhance and expand the Reliability, Maintainability and Systems Health (RM&SH) team’s data exploitation capabilities. The RM&SH team is dependent upon learning from platform data sources to include maintenance data and sensor/event data from health monitoring systems on the aircraft. The selected candidate will work with our engineering team and enterprise IT professionals to support exploitation of emerging “large” data sources and develop needed visualization and analysis capabilities. This is an exciting opportunity at Boeing to support current tools and their migration to model based engineering where digital threads and digital twins are created from the many data sources available to us. The Analyst will develop and maintain SW applications for Rotorcraft platform Safety, Reliability, Maintainability and Maintenance Optimization analyses. An important element of the position will be to make innovative contributions that will help grow the application and advancement of onboard weapon system integration with OEM and operator data analytics tools, processes and computing infrastructure. We have developed significant unique capabilities and are constantly working to exceed our Customer expectations by offering them unparalleled RM&SH value and solutions.

POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES
The selected candidate will apply these tools to support expedited analyses of data, resolution of in-service fleet support issues and assure new and revised designs meet their requirements.

The candidate will support the engineering team to manage and perform data analytic studies for exploitation of platform data to pursue Condition Based Maintenance enhancements to support the platform’s failure management strategy. The candidate will apply their data analysis skills to expand and enhance data analysis leading to actionable results for inclusion in customer program analysis deliverables.

You will work with design and systems engineers to define architecture and application specific equipment/system requirements for on-board and off-aircraft Health management improvements to include alerts, thresholds, predictive analyses, and degradation over time indications for measured parameters.

You will collaborate with engineering teams on RM&SH activities and communicate with program leaders, including SEIT Leads, chief engineers, system architects and program management.

Work Authorization:

This position requires the ability to obtain a US Security Clearance for which the US Government requires US Citizenship

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience)
• Proficiency in SQL, Oracle and other relational databases

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills / Experience)
• At least 5 years SW development/engineering, including requirements analysis, SW development, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and problem diagnosis/resolution
• At least 3 years developing SW using Java or Python programming language experience configuring and/or utilizing monitoring/logging solutions for production R&M application support
• System installation procedures and application deployments on Linux and Windows environments. Linux Shell scripting required; Windows Shell scripting required.
• At least 3 years performing DBA role in Oracle SQL and other relational databases

Typical Education/Experience:

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 5 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. PhD, Master+3 years' related work experience). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation standard.

This position offers Relocation based on candidate eligibility

This position offers Employee Referral

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

All information provided will be checked and may be verified

Please apply ASAP for this role as recruitment may close before end date.

Experience Level:

Individual Contributor - 3

Job Type:

Regular

Job Code:

6D2BI3 (670)

Equal Employment Opportunity:

Stay safe from recruitment fraud! The only way to apply for a position at Boeing is via our Careers website.

Learn how to protect yourself from recruitment fraud - Recruitment Fraud Warning

Boeing is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic factors, military/veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Request an Accommodation - Requesting Interview Accommodations

Applicant Privacy - Applicant Privacy

EEO is the law Poster - EEO is the law

Boeing Policy on EEO - Boeing EEO Policy

Affirmative Action and Harassment - Boeing Affirmative Action and Harassment

Boeing Participates in E – Verify
English - E-Verify (English)
Spanish - E-Verify (Spanish)
Right to Work Statement
English - Right to Work (English)
Spanish - Right to Work (Spanish)
