Job Description
About INOVIO

INOVIO is a biotechnology company focused on rapidly bringing to market precisely designed DNA medicines to potentially treat and protect people from diseases associated with HPV, cancer, and infectious diseases. INOVIO is the first and only company to have clinically demonstrated that a DNA medicine can be delivered directly into cells in the body via a proprietary smart device to produce a robust and tolerable immune response. Partners and collaborators include Advaccine, ApolloBio Corporation, AstraZeneca, The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)/Department of Defense (DOD), GeneOne Life Science/VGXI, HIV Vaccines Trial Network, International Vaccine Institute (IVI), Medical CBRN Defense Consortium (MCDC), National Cancer Institute, National Institutes of Health, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, Ology Bioservices, Plumbline Life Sciences, Regeneron, Richter-Helm, Roche/Genentech, University of Pennsylvania, Walter Reed Army Institute of Research, and The Wistar Institute. For more information, visit www.inovio.com.

Job Summary

The Associate, Bioinformatics position acts as the interface of research, engineering, product development and clinical development groups. Working together with the Clinical and Product Development groups, the Associate, Bioinformatics will be responsible for data analysis of cellular and humoral immune assays as well as data generated from biomarker platforms including microRNA, DNA methylation and gene arrays. The candidate will also be responsible for managing data sent to the company from clinical trial sites, including working internally in collaboration with the Product Development, Engineering and Clinical teams in order to analyze clinical trial data. Strong organizational skills are imperative. A robust understanding of immunology and/or biomarker platforms listed above is preferred

Essential job functions and duties
Assist in the analysis and presentation of immunology and biomarker data for clinical programs ongoing at Inovio
At the direction of senior team members, assist in providing efficient data management support, including files transfers, data formatting and manipulation, and data integration.
Working with other team members to perform statistical analyses on data generated by the Immunology and Biomarkers group to include the generation of tables and/or graphs for presentation within the group and/or to internal departments and teams
Perform quality control and quality assurance for immunology and biomarker data generated in support of clinical programs at Inovio
Assist in executing data mining and machine learning pipelines using immunology and biomarker data generated in support of clinical programs at Inovio.
Other duties as assigned based on skill set and business needs
Minimum requirements
Master’s degree in bioinformatics, computational biology or a related field with 1-2 years’ experience in a research and/or development environment.
Knowledge of programming languages such as R or Python.
Understanding of data management principles with emphasis on maintaining data quality.
Attention to detail, good time management skills, able to engage with urgency (when required)
Experience with analytical programs such as SPSS, SAS, Microsoft Excel, GraphPad Prism or equivalent is preferred as is experience with open source or commercial bioinformatics resources
Familiarity of immunology based laboratory techniques such as flow cytometry, ELISpot and ELISA is a plus
Ability to learn new techniques quickly and think critically
Ability to consistently meet deadlines.
Excellent communication, interpersonal and organizational skills.
Disclaimer

Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. In keeping with our policy, Inovio will recruit, hire, train and promote into all job titles the most qualified individuals, without regard to race, color, creed, gender, gender identity and expression, religion, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, military or veteran status, physical or mental disability, medical condition including genetic characteristics, sexual orientation, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local laws.

A current US work authorization is required. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed. Inovio offers an attractive benefits package and is an equal opportunity employer.

Important notice to employment businesses/agencies

Inovio does not accept referrals from employment agencies unless written authorization from the Inovio Human Resources department has been provided. In the absence of written authorization, any actions undertaken by employment agencies shall be deemed to have been performed without our consent and therefore Inovio will not be liable for any fees arising from employment agency referrals in respect to current or future position vacancies at Inovio.

Powered by JazzHR

hSWHEjOpsY
