Job Description

Our Research Scientists are our Inventors. We identify and target steps in disease mechanisms or pathways that could be inhibited or enhanced. Our goal is to isolate a compound that is effective against a disease target. Using innovative thinking, state-of-the-art facilities and robust scientific methodology we collaborate to discover the next medical breakthrough.

Our Company is currently seeking a qualified Positron Emission Tomography (PET) modeler within the Department of Translational Biomarkers located at our West Point, PA site in suburban Philadelphia. This innovative team consists of chemists, imaging physiologists, PET modelers and other biological and computational scientists. The group currently has state-of-the-art PET radiochemistry facilities and imaging instrumentation (PET, SPECT, CT, MRI, and optical) for in vivo imaging in preclinical species.

The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and applying kinetic modeling strategies to analyze and interpret preclinical and clinical PET imaging data. In addition, the successful candidate will be able to develop appropriate solutions to overcome challenges associated with the discovery of novel radiotracers and applications of established PET tracers.

Primary Responsibilities:
Collaborate with therapeutic area teams to identify, implement, and interpret PET imaging solutions to help drive drug discovery programs.
Responsibility for the kinetic modeling and parameter estimation of PET and SPECT data from preclinical and clinical imaging studies including, including practical interpretation of the results.
Contribution to PET study design.
Contribution to imaging protocols in regulatory documents required for clinical PET studies.
Presentation of research results and writing of manuscripts for submission to peer-reviewed journals.
Education Minimum Requirements:
Ph.D. in a discipline relevant to PET tracer kinetic modeling
Required Experience and Skills:
Expertise in quantitative kinetic modeling of central nervous system (CNS) PET data and interpretation of kinetic modeling results.
Experience processing PET Image data, including image registration.
An ability to develop appropriate solutions to overcome challenges associated with PET tracer kinetic modeling
A published record of successful research.
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Interpersonal skills necessary for working in a highly collaborative, cross-functional working environment.
Flexibility and the ability to adapt to a fast-paced research environment.
Ability to work independently.
Preferred Experience and Skills:
Experience with study design oriented to characterize selectivity, specific signal, tissue/plasma kinetics of novel PET tracers.
Practical experience with MATLAB as a programming tool for image analysis.
Experience with multiple image formats (e.g. nifti, dicom, ecat, etc.).
Two years of experience post-Ph.D.
We are a research-driven biopharmaceutical company. Our mission is built on the simple premise that if we follow the science and that great medicines can make a significant impact to our world. And we believe that a research-driven enterprise dedicated to world-class science can succeed by inventing medicine and vaccine innovations that make a difference for patients across the globe.

Who we are

Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA is known as Merck in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. We are a global biopharmaceutical leader with a diverse portfolio of prescription medicines, oncology, vaccines and animal health products.

We are driven by our purpose to develop and deliver innovative products that save and improve lives. With 69,000 employees operating in more than 140 countries, we offer state of the art laboratories, plants and offices that are designed to Inspire our employees as we learn, develop and grow in our careers. We are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the worlds biggest investors in Research & Development.

What we look for

In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth.

INVENT.

IMPACT.

INSPIRE.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@msd.com
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule

We are an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

Domestic/International

VISA Sponsorship:

Yes

Travel Requirements:

10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Flex Time, Remote Work, Work Week

Shift:

1st - Day

Valid Driving License:

Yes

Hazardous Material(s):

radioactivity materials

Number of Openings:

1

Requisition ID:R54474
