Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - King of Prussia
Posted Date: May 14 2020

Are you interested in integrating a Microbiology, Systems and Analytical Services (MSAS) group that is responsible for supporting the Manufacturing Process of sterile filling operations for both small and large molecule R&D clinical supplies? If so, this role might just be for you.

As a Microbiology Senior Scientist supporting Sterile Manufacturing, you will have an opportunity to provide hands-on sterility assurance and microbiological laboratory support for a pilot plant for the production of R&D parenteral clinical supplies in GSKs portfolio.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career. These responsibilities include some of the following:
Provide expertise in microbiological control of materials, processes and people for sterile clinical supply manufacturing in accordance with GMP requirements and corporate policies and standards.
Contribute to the development and implementation of quality and facility systems where they relate to microbiological design and safety
Oversee and develop improvements in training for sterility assurance of operators (contamination control, aseptic practices, gowning, gloving)
Interfaces with intra- and inter-departmental contacts to convey sterility assurance aspects of manufacturing
Recognize, communicate and lead investigation of aberrant microbiological test results or trends
Write microbiological and contamination control methods/SOPs regarding sterility assurance where required
Write validation protocols and implement validation on instrumentation and test methodology, where appropriate
Investigate new technology in microbiological testing where appropriate
Perform, when appropriate, additional Quality Control activities, including
Environmental monitoring to support non-sterile and sterile areas and operations personnel
Routine bioburden testing on raw materials and finished product, e.g., microbial enumeration, sterility testing, selected species testing
Bacterial endotoxin testing on pharmaceutical water system samples, raw materials and finished products
Identifications of microbial isolates
Approving test results that support release of finished products and stability programs
Ensuring that all necessary testing is performed and evaluated against specifications for drug products that will be used in the clinic
Why You?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors degree in Microbiology, Biology, Immunology, Biotechnology or related majors
Recent experience in aspects of sterility assurance including gowning and investigations
Has knowledge of cGMP requirements and ability to generate high quality data
Has some computer application experience (i.e., database use and management)
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Masters degree in Microbiology, Biology, Immunology, Biotechnology or related majors
At least 3 years practical laboratory experience
Demonstrates good communication skills
Has ability to work effectively with a team and able to work independently
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:

Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk. Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution. Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. Sustaining energy and well-being Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations. Budgeting and cost-consciousness

*LI-GSK

GSKBiopharm_Development

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
