Mandatory Skills - +12 years' hands on experience modeling data and developing database for master data management and/or similar enterprise application(s) in retail domains. TOOL ERWIN
Must Have
Ability and proven experience in translating business needs and business processes into data requirements.
Experience in good SQL and Big Data system
Extensive knowledge in Canonical Model and Data Vault modelling.
Extensive experience on data modelling on Customer domain, Item, Organization/Location Domains. Should have experience modeling complex and multiple hierarchies, normalized and de-normalized objects, and Associations
Experience on Retail or QSR based Industry models is a very big plus. Example - ARTS, REDW, RDS or QSR specific industry model
Ability to independently lead working sessions with cross functional teams to understand and analyze impact of requirements and changes to data structures.
Ability to independently review data model with all stakeholders such as enterprise architects, solution architects, development teams and business.
Proven experience in developing conceptual, logical and physical data model for customer/Party and product domains .
Utilize standards and best practices to define and articulate models and document them according to the enterprise standards and guidelines.
Solid understanding of master data concepts, processes, and tools including data modeling, data profiling, data quality assessment, data integration and data governance.
Should have excellent communication skill.
Good to Have
Experience in using SQL & other data extraction, reporting and analytic tools to develop, test, monitor and troubleshoot systems related issues.
Expertise in performing source/target data analysis, data quality assessment, data validation and data reconciliation.
Design and implement batch data integration, develop data mappings and data load routines and other artifacts necessary to implement ETL/ELT type integrations.
Ability to work with cross technical teams to diagnose issues and optimize performance of database queries.
Minimum 5 years' experience with MDM customer and/or product domain data architecture
Bachelors in Computer Science or related field is a Plus
