TECAN Automation Scientist

Salary:
Highly Competitive Salary


Job type:

Permanent


Discipline:

Genetics & Genomics, Laboratory Technician



Location:

United States

Collegeville, USA

Posting date: 14 Apr 2020

Reference:
SC.SB.29072

Apply for this job

Shortlist

Proclinical is currently recruiting for a TECAN Automation Scientist with a pharmaceutical company located in Collegeville, PA. To ensure that the QC Microbiological testing of all products is performed to GMP and company standards. This involves microbiological testing (as applicable), analyzing samples, recording, evaluating and reporting data using prescribed procedures with limited or no supervision.

Job Responsibilities:
Optimize integration of various modules (i.e. plate washers, centrifuges, automated liquid handling, protein purification, etc.) on current TECAN platform. Previous experience with installing and servicing large integrated systems is desirable
Develop Tecan scripts (based on TECAN Freedom Evoware) to support the most frequent workflows in the department including molecular biology, cell culture, protein expression and purification. Workflows will need to be integrated into a Signals eLN (electronic laboratory notebook) environment for data collection and subsequent analysis
Experience with Python, Java, HTML, and other advanced programming languages is desirable
Work closely with scientists to develop and optimize gene to protein HTEx production protocols on the TECAN, ensuring optimal efficiency and performance
Carryout on-going system performance analysis based on error logs, live run interventions and root-cause analysis and trending errors to mitigate their recurrence
Skills/Qualifications:
BS/MS in Life Sciences or Engineering
2-3 years of experience of TECAN automation / engineering experience
To Apply:

Please click on the Apply button. Please include a short note outlining why you are interested in the role and why you think you are suitable.

In case you have difficulty in applying or if you have any questions, please contact Sarah Beshara at 267-477-3355 or upload your resume on our website - www.proclinical.com.

A full job description is available on request.

ProClinical is a specialist employment agency and recruitment business, providing job opportunities within major pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.

Proclinical Staffing is an equal opportunity employer.

#LI-SB4

#Scientific
