Janssen Pharmaceutical, a member of Johnson & Johnson'sFamily of Companies, is recruiting for a Scientist- Analytical Development-Cell & Gene Therapy, Vaccines. The position will be located inMalvern, PAAt the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson &Johnson, what matters most is helping people live full and healthy lives. Wefocus on treating, curing and preventing some of the most devastating andcomplex diseases of our time. And we pursue the most promising science,wherever it might be found. We are Janssen. Our mission drives us. Our patients inspireus. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. We areseeking to hire a highly energetic and collaborative, Sr. Scientist to join ourCell & Gene Therapy, Vaccines analytical development team. Key Responsibilities:+ Lead development,qualification, validation and transfer of new and existing PCR analyticalmethods ((RT-PCR, QPCR,ddPCR, etc).+ Drive efficiencies;incorporate innovation into existing methods.+ Author protocols and reports,as well as perform and coordinate testing to support analyticaldevelopment, manufacturing process development, process validations, andmanufacturing investigations across functional groups+ Author analytical sections ofregulatory submissions that support regulatory filings including INDs andBLAs+ Provide technical support toQC laboratories, assist in investigations and serve as a technicalresource within the analytical team.+ Accurately capturing of datain a timely manner, including maintenance of detailed records incompliance with applicable cGMP, safety, and environmental requirements isexpected.+ Shift work may be required. QualificationsEducation:+ Ph.D. in molecular biology,immunology or other relevant scientific field with at least 4 years ofrelevant experience, a Masters degree, with at least 6 years of relevantexperience or a Bachelor's degree with at least 10 years of relevantexperience.Experience and Skills:Required:+ Experience developing multiplex PCR methods isrequired.+ Expertise in molecular biology techniques isrequired, such as DNA isolation and quantitation,primer and probe design, qPCR, and ddPCR.+ Excel in ability to design, execute andtroubleshoot experiments; analyze, report and present data.+ Ability to work collaboratively within andacross teams in a complex, matrix environment is essential.Preferred:+ Hands-on experience with CAR-T or other cell andgene therapy products highly preferred.+ Experience working in aGMP environment is preferred.+ Strong analytical problem solving, planning andorganizational skills.+ Knowledge of method robustness, DoE, methoddesign and familiarity with assay validation parameters is highlypreferred.Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Action and EqualOpportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration foremployment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will notbe discriminated against on the basis of disability.Primary LocationUnited States-Pennsylvania-Malvern-OrganizationJanssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)Job FunctionR&DRequisition ID5228200519
