Janssen Pharmaceutical,a member of Johnson & Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting fora Principal Scientist, CAR-T Characterization Lead. The positionwill be located in Malvern, PA. At the JanssenPharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, what matters most is helpingpeople live full and healthy lives. We focus on treating, curing and preventingsome of the most devastating and complex diseases of our time. And we pursuethe most promising science, wherever it might be found. We are Janssen. Ourmission drives us. Our patients inspire us. We collaborate with the world forthe health of everyone in it. Janssen Research andDevelopment, LLC develops treatments that improve the health and lifestyle ofpeople worldwide. Research and development areas encompass novel targets inneurologic disorders, gastroenterology, oncology, infectious disease, diabetes,hematology, metabolic disorders, immunologic disorders and reproductivemedicine. The Biotherapeutics Development- Analytical Development (BioTD - AD) group is seeking a Principal Scientist whowill lead the cellular characterization activities required for our cell therapies(CAR-T, CAR-NK , etc supporting both autologous and allogeneic platforms). The individual would shape the characterizationstrategies required for in depth process and product understanding. PrimaryResponsibilities: + Developcharacterization strategies and implements plans to understand the cellularbiology with respect to growth/expansion of cellular subtypes during process/productdevelopment in both autologous and allogenic production processes + Develop methods to monitorcytokine secretion; cellular surface markers engaged in selection, activation,expansion, death + Develop methods tounderstand cellular impurities and impacts of cellular formulations/cryopreservation + Create approaches for phenotypicor functional characterization of T-cells, NK cells, and iPSC in apheresis, inprocess samples, and final drug product. + Engage and/or lead technicalinvestigation strategy in support of product investigations with respect toclinical outcomes or adverse events driving to root cause. + Lead technical forumsboth internal and external to the company to share knowledge and approaches relatedto cellular characterization strategies as they relate to cell-based therapies(CAR-T, CAR-NK, etc). + Develop innovativeapproaches to challenging solutions + Identify partners inacademia or industry to execute on innovation ideas or characterizationapproaches + Effectively communicatescientific data and results across technical teams, project teams, and to thehealth authority as needed. Qualifications ExperienceRequired: + Ph.D. in cell biology, immunology,virology, biological science, or related discipline with 8 years of experienceor a M.S. with 10 years of experience in an academic or industry setting with afocus on cellular characterization/function + Proven technical tractrecord in cellular characterization through presentation, publications, orinteractions on various forums. + Excellent oral andwritten communication skills + Excellent interpersonalskills with the ability to operate effectively in a dynamic work environment + Ability workcollaboratively in a complex, matrix environment ExperiencePreferred: + Minimum of 2 yearsworking in therapeutic cell therapy research and/or development group + Strong negotiationskills with a proven ability to execute and get results in a matrix environment + Understanding of the connectionsbetween clinical, process/product development, and biological outcomes + Experience with thedevelopment and registration of cell therapies is a plus. + Awareness to GMP requirements. + Ability to make timelydecisions and operate effectively in times of ambiguity + Strong analyticalproblem solving, planning and organizational skills + Ability to filterinformation and escalate issues as appropriate Johnson & Johnson is an Affirmative Actionand Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receiveconsideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex,sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteranstatus and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. Primary Location United States-Pennsylvania-Malvern- Organization Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084) Job Function R&D Requisition ID 3704200417
