M3 Global Research, part of M3 Inc., provides the most comprehensive and highest quality market research recruitment and support services available to the industry with relationships reaching respondents in more than 70 countries worldwide.

M3 Global Research maintains ISO 26362 and 27001 certifications with the highest quality data collection and project management capabilities that cover the spectrum of quantitative and qualitative techniques utilized today. M3 services incorporate all of the most advanced statistical and attitudinal methodologies allowing clients to provide world-class offerings and support services to their end-client customers throughout multiple industry sectors.

Mission:

The mission of the Director of Quantitative Research is to provide oversight and management to the daily operations of the quantitative department. He or she will be a leader for his/her team by directly coaching and mentoring the staff, develop new policies for the department, and be a key figure in building relationships with our Quantitative client base. This is the ideal role for someone who has experience in online market research specifically focused on healthcare, sampling, survey recruitment, and collaboration with all teams involved in the project.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Including, but not limited to the following:
Successful management of Quantitative Project Management Team:
Monitor overall team KPIs and workload distribution.
Identify training needs for the PM staff and ensure there are at least 6-7 training opportunities per year.
Lead monthly team meetings outlining updates to the department and working through any ideas, questions, concerns the team may have.
Provide second line support on projects after Associate Directors of Quantitative Research.
Host or arrange quarterly training sessions for the Associate Directors to continue learning and developing as managers.
Investigate and resolve issues with projects escalated by either sales or the client.
Develop new policies, procedures and operational strategies to ensure the department is successful, as well as ensure the Quantitative team remains compliant with established processes.
Work collaboratively with Sales team to strengthen client relationships. It is essential that the person in this position be able to foster these relationships and be a key figure in the eyes of clients. This will include, but is not limited to:
Hosting, or joining client meetings to discuss health of the relationship, capabilities, etc.
Drafting and or reviewing client best practice documents
Holding quarterly reviews of Ops performance on key accounts
Regular check in meetings with M3’s designated New Client team
Fiscal responsibility for Quantitative P&L, including staffing budget, tracking revenue weekly, monthly and quarterly.
Mentor, coach and assist Associate Directors, Project Managers, and Project Coordinators to ensure they are working to the best of their ability.
Continuous improvements to the MR System to ensure the team is working as efficiently as possible.
Work collaboratively with global M3 teams (specifically, UK and Sweden) to ensure we have the same/similar quantitative processes when applicable.
Requirements

Minimum Experience:
5-8 years experience in Market Research preferably, in the medical/healthcare field
5+ years of Quantitative Project Management experience
2-3 years of Employee Management experience
Knowledge, Skill, Ability:
Candidate will have experience with complex market research projects which could include programming, intricate sampling, international, multilingual, translations, programming, patient record studies, or patient referrals
The candidate must be process driven and show a keen eye for detail.
This candidate is expected to demonstrate enthusiasm and pride in constantly improving the quality of M3’s services. Serving as an internal advocate to monitor and ensure compliance with M3’s ISO quality management system. The candidate must adhere to all processes and relevant guidelines.
The candidate must have the ability to effectively manage the quantitative staff, and ensure employee satisfaction, as well as maintaining the teams’ workload.
The candidate must be a self-motivated individual with exceptional time management, organizational skills and attention to detail.
The candidate must have exceptional written and verbal communication skills.
The candidate must have very strong Microsoft Office skills including Excel, Outlook and Word, and be a quick learner of new technologies/software.
The candidate must have well-developed analytical and problem-solving skills. The candidate must be able to proactively identify and quickly resolve potential issues to avoid escalation.
The candidate must have the ability to work autonomously and in a team environment to successfully meet departmental objectives.
Benefits

A career opportunity with M3 USA offers competitive wages, and benefits such as:
Health and Dental
Life, Accident and Disability Insurance
Prescription Plan
Flexible Spending Account
401k Plan and Match
Paid Holidays and Vacation
Sick Days and Personal Days
*M3 reserves the right to change this job description to meet the business needs of the organization
