Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.
Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description
Sample Management Scientist responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following :
Material Receipt and Inventory activities
Aseptic aliquot of samples from a source bulk
Submission of samples to testing laboratories
Use of Good Documentation Practices to generate and review documentation during storage and submission
Population and maintenance, using data integrity principles, of databases that support inventory and sample submission activities
Qualifications
The ideal candidate would possess :
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication (both written and verbal)
Strong attention to detail
Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously, manage time effectively, and ability to follow written procedures and instruction
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Self-motivation and adaptability
Prior experience with LIMS data systems and GMP/GLP regulations
Basic Minimum Qualifications :
Bachelor's degree in biology, chemistry, or other related degree concentration
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship
Additional Information
Position is full-time 8am-5pm Monday through Friday with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.
As a Eurofins Lancaster Labs employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.
To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com .
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
