Site Name: USA - Pennsylvania - Upper Providence
Posted Date: Jun 3 2020

We have an exciting opportunity for a highly motivated, agile and experienced scientist with lab level expertise in genomic technologies to join the Cellular Biomarkers Genomics group within the Bioanalysis, Immunogenicity and Biomarkers (BIB) department based in Collegeville, PA.

This individual will serve as a technical expert in applied genomic technologies and will generate data to support the understanding of disease heterogeneity, drugs mechanism of action, and patient response to treatment at the molecular level through application of advanced genomic technologies, including Next Generation Sequencing (NGS), single cell analysis, Nanostring, qPCR, etc.

This role will conduct and oversee all aspects of the method development, trouble-shooting, validation and sample analysis for clinical studies requiring genomic technologies endpoints including reagent selection/optimization, sample preparation, sample acquisition and data processing. They will ensure all work is conducted in compliance with GCLP regulations and follows the appropriate SOPs.

Key Responsibilities:
Be responsible for developing genomic assays using applied genomic technologies to support clinical studies; delivery of robust, high quality data packages
Collaborate with Biomarker Leads and provide biomarker assay support to deliver on biomarker strategy as defined by project needs.
Work with data management, programming and bioinformatics scientists to expedite the transfer of biomarker data to clinical teams
Investigate novel genomic platforms and imbed within the organization
Act as subject matter expert for the transfer of assays to CROs
Willingness to develop and train others as required
Handling of human biological samples and performing experimental work in accordance with safety requirements, data integrity and GCLP guidelines.
Why you?

Basic Qualifications:

We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
B.S./M.S. degree with hands on research experience in genomics, NGS, molecular or cellular biology or related disciplines
Experience with current genomic analytical platforms (e.g., RNA-Seq, microbiome, qPCR, Nanostring)
Experience providing guidance on the use of NGS and digital quantification of nucleic acids to support clinical sample testing
Preferred Qualifications:

If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Experience in designing, troubleshooting and implementing single cell RNA-seq applications or similar high content techniques (e.g., BD Rhapsody, 10x Genomics)
Maintains a disciplined approach, ensuring a relentless focus on quality, compliance, scientific rigor and operational excellence
Collaboration and interpersonal skills to work well with colleagues from all phases of clinical drug development and influence biomarker testing strategies
Proactively demonstrate the ability to work in tight deadlines; both independently and in a team.
Experience in the development and validation of novel genomic assays to support clinical measurements and their translation to a companion diagnostic (CDx) when applicable.
Experience of working with external vendors for the transfer of assay to support clinical trial sample analysis and development of CDx
Why GSK?

Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:

Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgment to balance pace, rigor and risk. Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution. Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning. Sustaining energy and well-being Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations. Budgeting and cost-consciousness

If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
