At Eisai, satisfying unmet medical needs and increasing the benefits healthcare
provides to patients, their families, and caregivers is Eisai s human healt
care (hhc) mission. We re a growing pharmaceutical company that is breaking
through in neurology and oncology, with a strong emphasis on research and
development. Our history includes the development of many innovative medicines,
notably the discovery of the world's most widely-used treatment for
Alzheimer s disease. As we continue to expand, we are seeking highly-
motivated individuals who want to work in a fast-paced environment and make a
difference. If this is your profile, we want to hear from you.

Job_Summary

The position is a Subject Matter Expert (SME) providing technical expertise
relating to method development, product release and characterization,
assessment of stability, validation of assays, and- when appropriate-
personally performing the assays and techniques, while serving as a first-line
resource in assessing and resolving technical issues at CMOs and CROs.
Techniques used include but not limited to compendial, HPLC, ELISA, LC-MS, real
time PCR, spectrophotometry, capillary electrophoresis, SDS-PAGE, and other
technologies suited to assessment of recombinant protein-based
biopharmaceuticals. The candidate aids in developing assays, authors and
updates SOPs on analytical test methods and laboratory procedures, and
investigates and documents assay failures and OOS/OOT events, and implements
associated laboratory CAPA at CMOs and CROs. The ability to function in a fast-
paced, highly-technical environment, and communicate effectively is essential
to success

Essential_Functions
Subject Matter Expert (SME) providing technical expertise relating to
method development, product release and characterization, assessment of
stability, validation of assays, and- when appropriate- personally
performing the assays and techniques
Support technology transfers of analytical methods by co-leading efforts
in vendor due diligence exercises, review and/or author of all technology
transfer related documents.
Review laboratory data for release, characterization, assessment of
stability, validation of assays, and support of process development while
serving as a first-line resource to internal and CMO/CRO analysts in
assessing and resolving technical issues.
Mentor and train other analysts in theory and practice of assays. Assess
and document CMO/CRO analytical proficiencies and readiness to perform
various types of analyses.
Mentor/manage the development or optimization of assays as needed to
support current and future programs.
Prioritize, schedule, and monitor multiple multifaceted analytical
projects, ensuring timely completion.
Negotiate service contracts with external providers.
Author and maintain SOPs, forms, protocols and other controlled
documents.
Aid in the administration the external stability program, ensuring
regulatory compliance, adherence to protocols and timely completion of
results at each time point.
Work with CMOs in investigating and documenting assay failures and OOS/
OOT events. Aid in identifying and implementing CAPAs.

Requirements
BS or MS in biological or chemical sciences or equivalent
Minimum of 8-10 yrs working experience in a cGMP Quality Control,
analytical development, analytical transfer or validation department in a
FDA-regulated industry.
Exhibits a complete understanding of principles, concepts, practices and
standards in QC testing of biopharmaceuticals, including a thorough
understanding of industry practices.
Extensive hands-on experience in HPLC, capillary electrophoresis, ELISA,
gel-based assays and other relevant assay technologies used with
recombinant proteins.
Working knowledge of biopharmaceutical development through all clinical
phases and pre-commercialization
Strong working knowledge of cGMP/ICH/FDA/EMA regulations and guidelines
Ability to independently identify, investigate, and resolve assay
problems.
Strong written and oral communication skills and good interpersonal
skills.
Team player who can excel in a hands-on entrepreneurial
environment.
Physical requirements: handling of laboratory equipment, chemicals, and
biological materials.
Eisai is an equal opportunity employer and as such, is committed in policy and
in practice to recruit, hire, train, and promote in all job qualifications
without regard to race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin,
citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity,
disability or veteran status. Similarly, considering the need for reasonable
accommodations, Eisai prohibits discrimination against persons because of
disability, including disabled veterans.

Eisai Inc. participates in E-Verify. E-Verify is an Internet based system
operated by the Department of Homeland Security in partnership with the Social
Security Administration that allows participating employers to electronically
verify the employment eligibility of all new hires in the United States.

Right To Work
E-Verify Participation
Show moreShow less
