Job Description

The Vaccine Process Development and Commercialization (VPDC) group within our Company Manufacturing Division focuses on late stage process development, technology transfer, and in-line support of vaccine products (live-attenuated vaccines, inactivated vaccines, subunit, recombinant, polysaccharide, and conjugate vaccines), gene therapy products, and/or oncolytic virus products.

Our Company has an expansive vaccines portfolio and an exciting pipeline of human health vaccine candidates. This position will be part of a manufacturing organization that brings these vaccines to people around the world.

We seek people-oriented leaders with strong scientific and technical skills to lead the development and commercialization activities supporting multiple vaccine programs. In this role, you will be responsible for:
Responsible for the startup, digital capabilities, and operation of the cell culture lab
Leading process development activities to execute large molecule upstream processing including lab-scale process development, in-process assay support, and process scale-up/scale-down
Collaborating with commercial manufacturing teams to support facility start-up activities and provide on-the-floor support for drug substance manufacturing, both within the our Company network and at contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs)
Leading assignment execution against accelerated, critical-path timelines in a right-first-time manner
Authoring and/or reviewing technical documents to support Process Performance Qualification (PPQ) and licensure
Provide mentorship and technical direction to other members of the team which may include direct reporting relationships
Education Minimum Requirements
Bachelor of Science (BS) in Chemical Engineering, Biochemical Engineering Bio-engineering, Pharmaceuticals, Biochemistry, Microbiology, or related field with ten years of relevant experience; or Master degree with eight years of relevant experience; or Ph.D. with four years of relevant experience
Required Experience and Skills
Large molecule process development, or relevant, experience including scaling (up and down) and tech transfer of upstream large molecule drug substance processes (aseptic-flasks, bioreactors, single use systems)
Subject Matter Expertise with Upstream lab or pilot-scale fermenters/bioreactors/cell culture running microbial and/or mammalian cell based large molecule processing
Expertise in lab scale experimental execution and experience with Design of Experiments (DOE), statistical data analysis and presentation of results/conclusions
Experience authoring technical documentation to support regulatory submissions
Outstanding communication and people skills
Ability to foster a collaborative work environment focused on mentorship, coaching, and Subject Matter Expert development
Experience with project strategic planning
Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) experience
Preferred Experience and Skills
Knowledgeable in Drug Substance, end-to-end process development
Experience with live virus vaccines/gene therapy products/oncolytic virus products
Experience with upstream unit operation mathematical modeling, theoretical scaling calculations, computational fluid dynamics (CFD) modeling
Experience with Quality by Design (QbD) and Lean Six Sigma principles
Strong cross-functional background, enabling teams to reach peak performance
Ability to provide scientific mentorship and guidance to technical coworkers and colleagues within and outside of our Company.
Experience supporting/writing regulatory filings Investigational New Drug (IND), Marketing Authorization Application (MAA) and Biologics Licensing Agreement (BLA) and inspections with multiple agencies Federal Drug Administration (FDA), European Medicines Agency (EMA), Japanese New Drug Application (JNDA) and Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA)
Experience with on-the-floor GMP manufacturing support including providing immediate responses on the shop floor to deviations and potential deviations
Our Manufacturing & Supply Division is committed to be the most trusted supplier of bio-pharmaceuticals worldwide. Our facilities, along with our external contractors, suppliers, and partners, create an interdependent global manufacturing network thats committed to delivering a high quality, reliable supply to customers and patients on time, every time.

Who we are

Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, New Jersey, USA is known as Merck in the United States, Canada & Puerto Rico. We are known as MSD in Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America & Asia Pacific. We are a global biopharmaceutical leader with a diverse portfolio of prescription medicines, oncology, vaccines and animal health products.

We are driven by our purpose to develop and deliver innovative products that save and improve lives. With 69,000 employees operating in more than 140 countries, we offer state of the art laboratories, plants and offices that are designed to Inspire our employees as we learn, develop and grow in our careers. We are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the worlds biggest investors in Research & Development.

What we look for

In a world of rapid innovation, we seek brave Inventors who want to make an Impact in all aspects of our business, enabling breakthroughs that will affect generations to come. We encourage you to bring your disruptive thinking, collaborative spirit and diverse perspective to our organization. Together we will continue Inventing For Life, Impacting Lives while Inspiring Your Career Growth.

INVENT.

IMPACT.

INSPIRE.

NOTICE FOR INTERNAL APPLICANTS

In accordance with Managers' Policy - Job Posting and Employee Placement, all employees subject to this policy are required to have a minimum of twelve (12) months of service in current position prior to applying for open positions.

If you have been offered a separation benefits package, but have not yet reached your separation date and are offered a position within the salary and geographical parameters as set forth in the Summary Plan Description (SPD) of your separation package, then you are no longer eligible for your separation benefits package. To discuss in more detail, please contact your HRBP or Talent Acquisition Advisor.

MMDHJ

#LI-PG1

VPDC

US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:

If you need an accommodation for the application process please email us at staffingaadar@msd.com
For more information about personal rights under Equal Employment Opportunity, visit:

EEOC Poster

EEOC GINA Supplement

OFCCP EEO Supplement

OFCCP Pay Transparency Rule

We are an equal opportunity employer, Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran proudly embracing diversity in all of its manifestations.

Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Kenilworth, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company. No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails.

Employee Status:

Regular

Relocation:

Domestic

VISA Sponsorship:

Yes

Travel Requirements:

10%

Flexible Work Arrangements:

Shift:

Valid Driving License:

Hazardous Material(s):

Number of Openings:

1

Requisition ID:R30652
