Aetea has been asked by their valued client, to assist with their need for a Data Engineer. The client and the team yoursquoll be working in are great and offer positive challenges in a dynamic environment. Specific Responsibilities Design and develop Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) processes using standard ETL tools to streamline and automate the collection of data from source systems using SQL, Snowflake and AWS technologies Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional non-functional business requirements Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Work with stakeholders including the Marketing, CRM, Finance, Operations, Product, and Development teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Develop repeatable and scalable data quality audits Requirements Design and develop Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) processes using standard ETL tools to streamline and automate the collection of data from source systems using SQL, Snowflake and AWS technologies Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional non-functional business requirements Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Work with stakeholders including the Marketing, CRM, Finance, Operations, Product, and Development teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs. Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader. Develop repeatable and scalable data quality audits Requirements Bachelorrsquos Degree in Computer Science, MIS or related field 5+ years Advanced SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (T-SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Able to write advanced SQL queries with multi-table joins, group functions, subqueries, set operations, functions, Stored Procedures and basic Java Scripting. 2+ years of Experience with Snowflake Cloud Datawarehouse Platform 2+ Years Experience with object-orientedobject function in one of scripting languages (Python, PySpark) Experience with AWS DatabasesTools a plus (S3, Glue, Lambda) Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement. Strong understanding of data modeling and data warehousing principles Excellent documentation and general organization of ongoing tasks, including the ability to evaluate and question business rules. Ability to solve problems and work directly with business SMErsquos Financial Experience is a plus JavaScripting is a plus This is a great opportunity to get in with a stable and growing organization that values technology and the people that drive it. There is a lot more we can share with you about the role, so please contact me (or apply) at gkumaraetea.com mailtogkumaraetea.com or through the ldquoapplyrdquo function listed. This is an urgent opportunity and the client committed to moving quick when they identify the right person. For more than 30 years, Aetea Information Technology has been the go-to partner for both premier clients and IT professionals alike. As a full spectrum IT Human Capital organization, we have experience in all industries, supporting clients ranging from emerging start-ups to Fortune 50. Our consultants value Aetea for their benefits, length of assignments, sequential employment opportunities, and compensation models not to mention the attentiveness and world-class support you will receive from the internal Aetea team.
