· Independently design and execute experiments to evaluate and develop scalable synthetic routes to small molecule targets.

· Work to determine operational space for various process parameters to ensure efficient and successful scale up.

· Evaluate safety of processes utilizing calorimetry data and stability data to fully understand the hazards and the trigger points of these hazards.

· Problem solve complex synthetic problems during development.

· Execute scale up of processes in the kilo labs in both GMP and non-GMP environments.

· Support scale up of processes in the pilot plant in both GMP and non-GMP environments.

· Collaborate with analytical chemists, manufacturing staff, and QA to ensure successful completion of campaigns and release of raw materials, intermediates, and final products.

· Write reports to capture data critical to providing proposals and updates to customers.

Qualifications:

· PhD with at least 3 years of relevant process chemistry experience.

· Knowledge of analytical equipment/instruments such as HPLC, GC, DSC, TGA, KF, NMR, LCMS, and GCMS is preferred.

· Familiarity with GMP regulations required.

· Excellent organizational and communication skills required.

In this hands-on position, you will contribute to the R&D team. You will report directly to a Process R&D Manager.

The Flamma Group is a growing CDMO. You will join a growing company that has established a solid reputation worldwide. As part of our collaborative Malvern team, you will be able to enjoy a satisfying career as a Process Scientist/Senior Process Scientist. You will work directly with Flamma management located in Italy, France, and the USA as well as customers located in Europe and the USA.

Starting salary will be based on experience. This is an excellent opportunity for someone looking to be part of a ground floor opportunity as Flamma grows their presence in the USA.

ABOUT FLAMMA:

FLAMMA is a CDMO with Headquarters near Milan, Italy. As a fully integrated CDMO, we can leverage our 100% self-owned, self-managed facilities, in Italy, China, and USA to deliver a stable, reliable supply chain. We specialize in the cGMP manufacturing of APIs, NCEs, RSMs, & Advanced intermediates (NCEs and generics). We use our expertise in high value chiral materials (specifically amino acid related materials) to provide solutions to customers who not only have need for chiral materials but also clients who have other requirements with a various type of chemistries. In addition, we also manufacture specialty compounds and advanced intermediates for the nutraceutical and cosmetic industries, and we have a variety of niche generic products.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
COVID-19 considerations:
We have implemented CDC compliant COVID-19 prctices. Temperatures are taken for anyone who enters the site, masks are provided to anyone onsite, and social distancing is practiced. High touch surfaces are disinfected daily.

Experience:
GMP (Good Manufacturing Practice): 2 years (Preferred)
process chemistry: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Doctorate (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift
Company's website:
www.flammagroup.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
