Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.
Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description
Employee Responsibilities:
Lab-scale support of process development activities.
Interaction with cross-functional team members to identify parameters to be examined and design studies that will provide meaningful results with the least amount of time/resources
Formulation and filling of biologic, vaccine, and small molecule pharmaceutical products; experience in lyophilization of drug product
Execution of laboratory studies in a safe and efficient manner
Make conclusions/recommendations based on sound review of data or scientific literature
Effectively summarize and present results and recommendations at meetings and technical review sessions
Collection and summary of historical data and information
Organizing scientific reports, tagging documents, and uploading to data management systems
Second Person Review of laboratory notebooks and scientific reports
Support to regulatory filing authoring and/or review
Qualifications
The Ideal Candidate would possess:
Strong scientific, computer, organizational, and documentation skills
Excellent interpersonal, communication (oral and written), and collaboration skills and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Ability to perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Knowledgeable of GMPs as applied to manufacturing of biologics and vaccines
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's/Master's degree in engineering, biomedical engineering, chemistry, biology, or related field
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship
Additional Information
Position is full-time 8am-5pm Monday through Friday with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.
As a Eurofins Lancaster Labs employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.
To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com .
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
