Company Description
Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.
Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description
Employee Responsibilities:
Support the analytical testing for process development
Chemical labeling of biological samples, HPLC separation, and data analysis
Preparing buffers, packing columns, setting up, sterilization, sampling, and cleaning of systems
Document laboratory activities electronically and enter process data into database.
Troubleshoot equipment and perform minor repairs
Be responsible for following safe laboratory practices and for maintaining the work area in a clean orderly and safe manner
Qualifications
The Ideal Candidate would possess:
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Experience in the analysis of therapeutic proteins using various UPLC and HPLC Techniques including IEX, SEC, HIC and RP
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Strong attention to detail, hands-on capability, ability to learn quickly and be a self-starter
Ability to work independently as well as be a strong team player to meet program needs
Self-motivation, adaptability and a positive attitude
The candidate must have effective documentation skills with the ability to author internal technical reports
Experience with Microsoft Word and Excel is required, and experience with Empower is highly preferred.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in biology, chemistry, or other related degree concentration, or equivalent directly-related experience
Minimum of 1 year GMP related laboratory experience
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship
Additional Information
Position is full-time Monday through Friday with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.
As a Eurofins Lancaster Labs employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.
To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com .
Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.
All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
