Purpose of Job
USAA Bank is looking for a seasoned leader for our Data Science team. We are looking for someone who is not only a talented leader, but also has strong technical depth and experience in the Machine Learning field. We will rely on your leadership to establish a roadmap and vision as the Data Science organization engages in existing and new areas to include building innovative solutions and collaborating with engineering partners to integrate them into USAA Banks technical stack.
Leads a team of Data Scientists responsible for advanced analytical solutions that include predictive analytics, machine learning, simulation, and optimization techniques to that generate management insights and enable customer-facing applications. Utilizes technical acumen and in-depth understanding of business processes and practices to influence the creation and execution of operational and strategic plans. Partners with IT and other areas to build major improvements to analytical processes and systems. Advises Senior Leadership on the development of data science solutions and long-term goals and or strategies. Maintains relationships with academic and industry thought leaders to ensure the enterprise has access to cutting-edge thinking and technologies.
Job Requirements
Collaborates with other analytical leaders to fulfill the strategic direction of the business through data and information exploration, research of emerging technologies or analytical techniques and long-term defined/project specific strategic assignments.
Oversees and executes the exploration of promising new technologies, analytical methods and data sources (internal to USAA & external) that have potential to add value to the enterprise.
Partners with enterprise analytical and IT teams to build USAA core capabilities and processes.
Identifies additional resource needs ranging from IT investments, 3rd party support or additional analysts.
Understands the business direction, environment and strategies, to identify and recommend solutions that influence decision makers and drive change.
Directs the design and construction of large and complex data sets from large amounts of structured and unstructured data (internal and external) to enable analytical solutions.
Builds and leads a high performing team of experts in advanced analytics. Develops team reputation as highly skilled experts in the field of data science.
Minimum Requirements:
Masters degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Quantitative Economics, Statistics, or related field OR 6 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
8 or more years of experience in predictive modeling, large data analysis and computer science
3 or more years of direct management experience
Experience in stochastic modeling, machine learning, and other advanced mathematical techniques (e.g., neural nets, simulation, graph analysis)
Expert in at least one compiled language (e.g., Java, C) and one dynamic scripting language (e.g., Python, PERL, Ruby)
A strong track record of communicating results, insights, and technical solutions to Senior Executive Management (or equivalent)
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Requirements:
Evidence of successful development and implementation of data science solutions
Prior experience working in an IT organization
2+ years of prior people management experience
Experience of working in a cloud environment
Understanding of model risk governance as laid out in SR 11-7
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 6/24/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
