Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

The Enterprise Customer Excellence Group (ECEG) brings together customer-focused functions from across the enterprise to provide a holistic approach to critical points of interaction with Wells Fargo customers. The group, which includes the Enterprise Complaints Management Office, the Customer Remediation Center of Excellence and Net Promoter System, is responsible for understanding the causes of issues that affect customers, and providing solutions that ensure customers needs are understood and supported. The group is also accountable for ensuring regulators expectations are met and that team members have the tools and training necessary for success.

The Customer Remediation Center of Excellence is an enterprise function. This organization develops and implements consistent enterprise standards for remediating issues across our consumer lines of business. The organization enables more effective and coordinated monitoring, reporting and stakeholder communications. Enhancing our practices and outcomes for customers is a critical part of building a better Wells Fargo.

With the centralization of Customer Remediation functions into the Center of Excellence ("COE"), we have a need for a highly skilled Analytic Consultant 5 Quality Control Lead. This Analytic Consultant will play the critical role of leading a small technically skilled team and leveraging deep business systems and database knowledge to perform advanced data validation of customer remediation populations of customers who were harmed.

Key Responsibilities Include:
Lead a small Data Analytics Quality Control (DAQC) team
Perform DAQC reviews including:
Analyze Customer Remediation issues to understand and identify customers who are harmed
Critically review remediation analytic approaches to ensure accurate data populations
Analyze complex SQL code to validate populations of harmed customer
Profile data and perform quality checks to identify data outliers, issues, and inaccuracies
Credibly challenge remediation data analytics to ensure reasonable, complete, accurate, and consistent requirements, strategies, data logic, and implementation
Partner with remediation managers to lead, prioritize, assign, and perform technical DAQC reviews
Leverage line of business data knowledge to assist with the creation and maintenance of business and technical requirements for infrastructure projects
Work within a team to design and develop a data store for remediation populations and execution data
Work on technical projects within the Data Analytics team using SQL, SAS and other technical skills
Partner with CR COE Data Analytics teams to create SharePoint Designer solutions
Lead special projects within the Data Analytics team such as statistical and/or forecast modeling
Ensure adherence to data management/data governance regulations and policies
Location: Des Moines, IA; San Antonio, TX and Chandler, AZ

Required Qualifications
8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
4+ years of SQL DBA experience
2+ years of experience with data analysis and documentation
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Knowledge and understanding of Shaw, ACAPS, FDR, ECaR, and/or other Consumer Lending applications
Exposure to Wells Fargo HELMS application
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Ability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locations
Salary Information

The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule.

IA-Des Moines: Min: $90,100 Mid: $128,700
TX-San Antonio: Min: $90,100 Mid: $128,700
AZ-Chandler: Min: $90,100 Mid: $128,700

Street Address

IA-Des Moines: 6200 Park Ave - Des Moines, IA
TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX
AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
