Provide Research Project Development and Support
Maintains a basic knowledge of human physiology, medical burn/trauma/critical care, combat casualty care concept, medical informatics and DoD clinical information systems (e.g. Electronic Medical Record.)
Conducts literature reviews in medical and information technology fields related to our Task Area goals and key research areas of interest.
Advances the science of information technology research, Advanced Technology Development by writing and submitting intramural and extramural grant proposals
Assists in the writing Cooperative Research and Development Agreements, Memorandums of Understanding and any other document required to collaborate with internal and external partners.
Independently conceptualizes, writes, develops and conducts laboratory, animal, non-human & human subject research protocols for execution consistent with the goals of the Task Area.
Works with the sponsors, collaborators, Principal/Associate investigators, Institutional Review Board and Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee, and client research support departments to coordinate activities for protocol approval and implementation and to assure that appropriate regulatory documentation is completed.
Assists in the internal and external assessment of adherence to protocols, ethical requirements, as well as relevant DoD and Institute regulations and guidance
Develops and maintains records of research activities, maintains research study regulatory readiness and assists in regulatory audits/inspections.
Manages research activities within a defined budget
Leads a team of software developers, clinicians and researchers; provides scientific research leadership and mentoring to junior researchers and fellows on team.
Participates in investigator/study and Task Area team meetings.
Data Collection and Analysis
Serves as a Primary or Associate Investigator on research protocols that involve multiple Task Areas and projects (collaborative efforts).
Collects data, documents experimental findings, summarizes data, prepares figures through use of available computer resources, and conducts preliminary analysis.
Develop schema templates and relational database repositories and utilize statistical processes and applications including JMP, SAS, Prism, and R-Studio for data input formats.
Writes code in Python, Java, SQL, Oracle Database, Java, R-language programming languages to support further development on artificial intelligence and clinical decision support tools
Possesses skills and familiarity utilizing computer dataset tools: Python, SQL, Oracle Database, Java, R-language
Performs appropriate statistical computations on raw data to determine significance, summarize results and draws appropriate conclusions.
Data Dissemination
Participates in the interpretation of results and prepares reports, abstracts, presentations and manuscripts for publication.
Prepares figures, tables, methodological text, photography, graphics, and image production, for study presentations and publications.
Participates in lectures, seminars, and conferences.
Presents research findings at military and scientific conferences.
Facilitates the gathering and sharing of relevant intellectual knowledge, expertise and data with clinical and research groups within the federal government, private sector and research facilities.
Prepares periodic and status reports, as required by investigators, administrators, funding agencies, and/or regulatory bodies.
Assists in the preparation for patent applications, intellectual property protections, invention disclosures, technology transfer etc…
Assists in the transition of TA developed technologies toward Advanced Development.
Required Experience:
A qualified data scientist will have hands-on experience - JMP, SAS, Prism, and R-Studio
Experience writing code in Python, Java, SQL, Oracle Database, Java, R-language programming languages
Experience with some number of the following statistical and predictive modeling approaches: Gaussian Process; Markov Models; Hierarchical Clustering; K-Means; Linear Regression; Logistic Regression; Monte Carlo Simulation; Neural Networks
5+ years of experience with the following:
Strong analytical skills (use of Microsoft Excel, Macros and/or Access to analyze data)
Strong presentation development and writing skills (e.g., proficient in Microsoft PowerPoint and Word)
Ability to facilitate client meetings and sessions to define client processes and needs
Ability to lead small teams to complete a project
Strong written and oral skills required
Experience in one of the following areas: Statistical Analysis, Strategic Management, or Data Analysis/Reporting
Minimum Bachelor's Degree in Business, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science or Hard Sciences with a focus on research and analysis, Master’s Degree is preferred.

Additional Qualifications: Applicant selected must be a US citizen

Location: This work will be performed at the client site in San Antonio, TX.

Core hours of work are between the hours of 0800 to 1500 daily. Employees is expected to be available during core hours.

CICONIX, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits package available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).
