Job Description


Job #: 1070105

Data Science Developer Opportunity in San Antonio, TX .

***If you are interested in learning more about the role, please contact Kailyn with Apex Systems at khartley@apexsystems.com***

Location: San Antonio, TX

Clearance Required: Secret (Ability to Obtain)

Contract Length: 9 months

Job Responsibilities: This position involves the development of content and integrations for the Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Platform (Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM Enterprise). Candidates should have a working knowledge of Data Science principals and experience with data science methodologies.

The Cyber Technical Architect Junior provides thought leadership related to current and future customer plans with regard to protecting customer information technology from cyber threats. This individual possesses knowledge of the future direction and trends associated with the stated information technology, and is up to date with current threats associated with it. Cyber Technical Architect Junior is experienced in designing and implementing protections for information architecture solutions for the stated information technology; This individual design secure architecture to include the software, hardware, and communications to support the total requirements as well as provide for present and future cross functional requirements and interfaces.

Technical Requirements:
Experience with Python development (7 years)
Experience with api coding and research
Experience with python or Java script
Experience working with agile devops model and rapid prototyping
Experience with containerized development
Experience with security tool integration a plus is prior experience specifically with Palo Alto Networks (PAN) tools, or SOAR products
Education: Bachelor's Degree Required

***If you are interested in learning more about the role, please contact Kailyn with Apex Systems at khartley@apexsystems.com***

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
