Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented Business Intelligence Analyst Senior (Chief Financial Office) for the San Antonio Home Office I.

The candidate selected for this position is going to get work in USAAs Enterprise Chief Financial Office Data and Analytics organization. The person will work extensively with data process, data analysis and insight delivery.

Analyzes complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to analysts and decision makers. Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences. Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements. May participate in consultation to users and lead cross functional teams to address business issues. Prototypes solutions for displaying information based on business needs.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)

Job Requirements
Leads and participates in gathering complex and often unique business requirements by defining the business problem and data requirements.
Utilizes an advanced understanding of multiple data structures and sources to lead the design, development and implementation of decision support solutions, which may include data visualization, business intelligence, or data collection.
Partners with the business operations to ensure effective design of decision support solutions.
Develops innovative approaches to address complex business problems and solutions.
Partners with IT to influence the design, alignment, and implementation of technical standards to address appropriate business solutions.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Math, Computer Science, or a related discipline. 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree. Or Master's degree in Math, Computer Science, or a related discipline. Or PhD in Math, Computer Science, or a related discipline.
6 or more years experience in data management or information technology function OR If Master's degree, 4 or more years experience in data management or information technology function OR If PhD, 3 or more years experience in data management or information technology function.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred
At least 5 years of experience using SAS or SQL
Finance or Accounting Degree preferred
Working experience in financial institutions preferred
Strong analytical skills preferred
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/13/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
