Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented Business Intelligence Analyst I for the San Antonio Home Office I or Remote.

Life Company Data & Analytics is seeking a candidate to provide analysis and reporting for Life Insurance, Health Insurance, and/or annuity lines of business. Candidate will create specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements. May participate in cross functional teams to address business issues. Prototypes solutions for displaying information based on business needs

Analyzes complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to analysts and decision makers. Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences. Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business needs and required or available data elements. May participate in consultation to users and lead cross functional teams to address business issues. Prototypes solutions for displaying information based on business needs.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)
Gathers complex business requirements by defining the business problem and data requirements.
Utilizes an intermediate understanding of multiple data structures and sources to lead the design, development and implementation of decision support solutions, which may include data visualization, business intelligence, or data collection.
Partners with the business operations to ensure effective design of decision support solutions.
Develops innovative approaches to address complex business problems and solutions.
Partners with IT to influence the design, alignment, and implementation of technical standards to address appropriate business solutions.
Minimum Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Math, Computer Science, or a related technical field OR
4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
Or
Master's degree in Math, Computer Science, or related technical field.
Or
PhD in Math, Computer Science, or a related technical field.
4 or more years of experience in data management or information technology function
OR
If Master's degree,2 or more years of experience in data management or information technology function
OR
If PhD,1 or more years of experience in data management or information technology function.
Successful completion of a job-related assessment may be required.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not be able to change your responses.

Preferred Requirements:
Experience with emerging analytical techniques and ability to learn new techniques quickly
Experience managing internal metrics, data, and business intelligence strategies
4 or more years of experience working with data visualization tools such as Tableau.
4 or more years of experience working with SAS, SQL, R, Python, Tableau or other analysis software
2 or more years of experience in HTML/CSS, JS/JQuery, Bootstrap, React, any back-end server integration
Strong communication and presentation skills
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/14/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
