Great sales are the result of strong purpose, conviction and pride - pride in your ability and your product. UnitedHealth Group offers a portfolio of products that are greatly improving the life of others. Bring along your passion and do your life's best work.(sm)

Primary Responsibilities:

Review data loaded into the clinical systems for accuracy
Determine business impact level for data quality issues. Develop and execute data cleanup measures
Resolve all internal data exceptions in a timely and accurate manner
Identify areas of improvement to achieve data quality
Provides research and analysis related to reporting functions as needed
Generate recurring reports, queries and other data related tasks
Utilizes departmental data information to analyze trends and identify opportunities for process improvement, to include policy and procedure updates
Completes all user acceptance testing (UAT) for all system and operational changes that affect the end user experience
Independently and proactively problem solves and identifies alternative solutions
Performs support duties including Clinical systems configuration and system maintenance as directed
Performs all other related duties as assigned
Excellent analytical and problem solving abilities with special attention to accuracy and detail
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Associate's Degree or higher level of education or equivalent experience
2 or more years of experience in data management and analysis
2 or more years of experience Healthcare IT environment

Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. We're innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. We're impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. We've joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work..(sm)

WellMed was founded in 1990 with a vision of being a physician-led company that could change the face of healthcare delivery for seniors. Through the WellMed Care Model, we specialize in helping our patients stay healthy by providing the care they need from doctors who care about them. We partner with multiple Medicare Advantage health plans in Texas and Florida and look forward to continuing growth.

OptumCare is committed to creating an environment where physicians focus on what they do best: care for their patients. To do so, OptumCare provides administrative and business support services to both owned and affiliated medical practices which are part of OptumCare. Each medical practice part and their physician employees have complete authority with regards to all medical decision-making and patient care. OptumCares support services do not interfere with or control the practice of medicine by the medical practices or any of their physicians.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: OptumCare is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employers and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.
OptumCare is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment
