We are looking for an experienced engineer with strong machine learning knowledge to help design and build the next generation of ML services here at LifeOmic.

This role combines the opportunity to build cloud native applications and apply ML techniques to novel problems. Leveraging knowledge of distributed systems, you will help build a suite of services to enable data ingest, normalization and training. With a strong background in machine learning, you will develop and apply ML algorithms and techniques to the task of advancing our precision medicine capabilities. You will enjoy a very tight feedback loop by working closely with the researchers and physicians who use the platform.
The culture at LifeOmic enables engineers to work independently and contribute to every component of the platform. You will be expected to work with minimal supervision, but will have a team of high-performers to lean on when necessary.

Our mission at LifeOmic is to help turn precision health into a reality. The Precision Health Cloud helps researchers and clinicians at health care providers and biotech companies activate the vision of precision health. It combines genomic, clinical, imaging, patient-acquired, wearables and other data into a single cloud repository for analytics and machine learning.

We're an inclusive team, dedicated to creating a diverse environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

Come work here, we tackle hard problems, we build cool stuff, have great coffee, and try our best to encourage healthy science-backed lifestyle habits.
Key Qualifications
Experience in cloud environments (AWS, Azure, GCP, Digital Ocean)
Experience developing distributed systems
Strong knowledge of current machine learning architectures and algorithms
Experience using common machine learning platforms (TensorFlow, PyTorch)
Designed services, APIs and machine learning pipelines to deliver solutions with offline-trained ML models.
Based on a specified business problem and goal (eg. prediction of disease onset), apply your knowledge of AWS and the underlying technology stack to architect an appropriate solution.
Document practices associated with Machine Learning services so that internal and external stakeholders leverage the platform as needed.
Nice to Have
Experience with distributed compute engines, e.g. Apache Spark
Experience with data warehousing technologies, e.g. Apache Hive
