Company: Cyber Warrior Network - - Matching the Talent to the Task.
Job Title: Senior Data Scientist
Location: San Antonio, TX
Clearance Level: Secret
Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree in associated discipline area.

Company Brief:
Cyber Warrior Network (CWN): First Secure Decentralized Cyber Skills, Education and Workforce Ecosystem. Our mission is to create a global cyber talent pipeline of Military Cyber Warriors to solve cyber workforce shortage.

Talent Matching & CWN Culture:
We Connect, Match, Hire and Retain the world's most Battle-tested and Trusted Cyber Talent. We partner with employers that understand the unique skill sets that Military and National Security professionals possess.

Technology:
We understand that its virtually impossible to translate your classified experience via a resume or LinkedIn profile. Our Machine Learning AI will translate and quantify your skills & experience to match you to careers that you're best suited for.

Employer Needs:
CWN "Parriot Employer" is seeking a solution oriented individual with demonstrated experience/skills :
Database
Sql
MSql Server
Python
R
Node.Js
Jupiter
Satistics
Algorithims
Big Data
Hadoop
Mathamatic
Programming
Data Architecture


Career Role Details:
Perform analysis and translate business needs to create high-quality Business Requirements and Functional Specifications documentation within specified time frames to solve most complex problems (multiple interfaces with other systems across multiple business units) considering all impacted components from an end-to-end perspective.
Ensures end-to-end traceability of requirements is complete. Apply specific functional and/or business expertise to perform assigned tasks and develop specific project deliverables.
Conduct impact analysis of technology changes on business processes and existing technology. Competent to work at the highest technical capacity on most phases of the business systems analysis.
Contribute to the review of Test Planning and Test Execution strategies.
Create the appropriate User-Interface Model(s) to support projects. Develop business workflow diagrams. Assist in the development of data models and interface design specifications. Documents, tracks, and resolves issues related to data quality.
Contribute to the design and mapping of data conversion strategies.
Participate in collaborative system and data design sessions with the user community, technical architecture resources, and development resources.
Complete project activities on time and within budget, and proactively identifies and communicates issues that may jeopardize milestones or project budget to the Project Manager.
Versed in strategic policy guidance and is familiar with the higher headquarter offices who develop government policy that effects the configuration of the Learning Services Ecosystem.
Minimum/General Experience: 5+ years of industry experience.

“Your reputation is more important than your paycheck, and your integrity is worth more than your career.” - Ryan Freitas
