Join our Applied Power Division! Support technical efforts to develop proof-of-concept solutions for a wide range of engineering programs. Research and leverage technologies related to unmanned systems (ground and air), design custom mechanisms for unique applications, write scripts to automate data analysis or control algorithms, and support field testing. Assist with the development of technical approaches to meet demanding customer requirements. Assist with promotional activities.


Education/Experience:


Requires a MS degree in Mechanical Engineering, Physics, Engineering Mechanics, Aerospace Engineering, or similar engineering degree with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Graduate level courses in finite element, autonomy, aerospace, image processing, or energetics are desirable. Ability to use SOLIDWORKS to convey concepts and make drawings is required. Familiarization with MATLAB scripting or Python programming is a plus. Working knowledge of MS Word, PowerPoint, and Excel is required. Must be able to review research literature, survey industry data, and combine commercial-off-the-shelf hardware with custom components to develop multi-disciplinary solutions to complex problems. A basic understanding of mechanisms, electronics, and fabrications techniques is required. Must have excellent communication skills and be able to succeed in a team environment. The ability to make engineering-based decisions using first principles, finite element models, or empirical data is required to ensure successful solutions. Outdoor work and limited hands-on labor may be required to support field testing. Current TS/SCI clearance is a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Applied Power home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
