Data Science Team Lead

Overview

Brief statement about project type and how role supports

This position involves the development of content and integrations for the Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Platform (Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM Enterprise). Candidates should have a working knowledge of Data Science principals and experience with data science methodologies. Additional experiences include: Experience with API programming and development; Experienced with schema use; Proficient in python; working knowledge of Spark.

Python Development 10 Years

Job Responsibilities

The Cyber Technical Architect Mid provides thought leadership related to current and future customer plans with regard to protecting customer information technology from cyber threats. The Cyber Technical Architect Mid possesses knowledge of the future direction and trends associated with the stated information technology and is up to date with current threats associated with it.

This individual has experience in designing and implementing protections for information architecture. The Cyber Technical Architect Mid designs secure architecture to include the software, hardware, and communications to support the total requirements as well as provide for present and future cross-functional requirements and interfaces.

For more open requirements,

Please visit http://www.compqsoft.com/current-openings.html

About Us: CompQsoft Inc. Established in 1997, headquarters in Houston, TX and office in Leesburg, VA. CompQsoft offers a range of comprehensive Cyber Security, Infrastructure, Cloud solutions, ERP implementation, Business Intelligence, Application development, Ecommerce applications and Management consulting services. CompQsoft is Certified CMMI Level 3 practitioner for Development and Services, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 27001:2013 & ISO 20000-1:2011 Certified. CompQsoft is a fast growing company with a strategy and methodology that is strongly focused on the success of our clients, predominantly the Federal government. CompQsoft is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/D/V Visit www.compqsoft.com to learn more about our culture, benefits.
