Data Science Team Lead
San Antonio, TX 78201

JTEC Consulting LLC focuses on successfully delivering solutions to meet our clients most critical needs. Our founding members have decades of experience delivering a wide range of solutions to Air Force and DOD clients. We are a Veteran-Owned Small Business.

Security Clearance Requirement: Active security clearance required

Position Description:
JTEC Consulting is hiring Data Scientist experts to support a USAF IT infrastructure modernization program supporting content and integrations for the Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Platform (Sumo Logic Cloud SIEM Enterprise). Candidates should have a working knowledge of Data Science principals and experience with data science methodologies. The work is based in the San Antonio area with flexibility to work remotely. Some business travel within the U.S. may be required.

Education and qualifications include (but are not limited to):
U.S. citizenship
Current security clearance (Secret at a minimum)
Bachelors degree in a related discipline preferred
Experience providing Data Science support in a senior/lead role for content development and API programming and development
Experience working with the SIEM platform
Advanced Python programming skills
Strong working knowledge of data science principles and methodologies
Experience using database schemas
Programming with Spark is a plus
Excellent communication skills
JTEC Consulting LLC provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
