Description

Job Description:
Leidos' Bio-behavioral Health and Research Group is looking for candidates for a full time Research Scientist II to support the Naval Medical Research Unit in San Antonio, TX (NAMRU-SA).
Responsibilities:
Develops, leads, and conducts protocol-driven scientific research addressing various aspects of military medicine, including, but not limited to: hemorrhage and resuscitation, immunomodulation, biomedical systems, bioassay development craniofacial, infectious diseases and directed energy bio effects.
Provides support in writing protocol-driven research proposals, animal use protocols, human use protocols, technical reports, final reports, and peer-reviewed manuscripts.
Evaluates data sets (provided by the Government and collected by the Contractor).
Develops various presentation materials and presents findings at technical and professional meetings.
Prepares experimental subjects, set up experimental equipment, and aid in training and development of experimental subjects for experimental procedures in accordance with approved animal or human use protocols.
Provides support in development of establishment of in vivo and in vitro model systems, data acquisition, and data analysis.
Oversees contract personnel associated with research projects; manages research data.
Performs surgical procedures on animal models for both survival and non-survival.
Basic Qualifications:
PhD in related field with two years of Postdoctoral experience is required.
U.S Citizenship Required
Must have or be able to obtain Secret U.S. Government Clearance
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Secret
Travel:
Yes, 10% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Research Scientist

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
