Description

SHIFT: Days (rotating weekends)

SCHEDULE: Full-time

Methodist Hospital Metropolitan
Certified Medical Technologist II
Laboratory Department
Full Time - Non-Exempt
***Days During Week + Rotating Weekends***

Do you have a passion for healthcare and helping others? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, patient-centered environment? Jump-start your career in our Laboratory Department. Submit your application today!
Benefits:

We offer you an excellent total compensation package, including competitive salary, excellent benefit package and growth opportunities. We believe in our team and your ability to do excellent work with us. Your benefits include 401k, PTO medical, dental, flex spending, life, disability, tuition reimbursement, employee discount program, and employee stock purchase program. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.

We are seeking a Certified Medical Technologist II to join our team who is responsible for performing complex medical laboratory tests for diagnosis and treatment of disease, analyzing and assuming accountability for accurate test results, maintenance of complicated instruments, and monitoring quality control and quality assurance programs.

What you will do as a Certified Medical Technologist II:
Perform specimen processing and testing independently to include moderate and high complexity testing.
Analyze test results - demonstrate knowledge of pathological processes with correlation of disease states and test results.
Understand, perform, and practice preventive maintenance; troubleshoot and take corrective action. Demonstrate pro-active problem solving skills to include identifying a problem and taking appropriate action; know when to seek guidance to complete troubleshooting protocol.
Understand, perform, and practice quality control to include running controls, evaluating data, documentation of data, and taking corrective action as required. Communicate any relevant QC information to supervisor/lead tech.
Review, write or modify departmental procedures or policies.
Meet timeliness for gaining skills. Satisfactorily complete competency checklist for this position. Assume responsibility for own development to include cross-training in other functions or positions to ensure satisfactory operation of the department or to permit flexible staffing assignments.
Qualifications

A minimum of 15 years of clinical lab experience is required for those with a high school diploma or equivalent. For those with an Associates degree, a minimum 2 years of experience in a clinical lab setting is required. Clinical lab experience is preferred for those with a Bachelor's degree.

One of the following certifications is required: MT(ASCP), MLS(ASCP), MT(AMT), MT(AAB), CLS(NCA), MT(HEW), CLT(NCA), MLT(ASCP), or MLT(AMT). The certification requirement is waived for those with 5 years of lab experience.

Be a part of an organization that invests in you. We are actively reviewing applications. Qualified candidates will be promptly contacted by our hiring managers for interviews. Submit your application today and help us raise the bar in patient care!

With over 370 bedsMethodist Hospital Metropolitan offers outstanding heart and cancer care,general surgery, neurosurgery, orthopedic surgery, obstetrics and gynecologyservices, inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services, sleep disorderevaluation and the largest emergency room in downtown San Antonio. Our womenspavilion is the only stand-alone center city facility dedicated to the healthof women and their newborn babies, welcoming nearly 4,000 newborns into theworld each year. Methodist Hospital Metropolitan is home to the MethodistWeight Loss Center and has been designated an American Society for MetabolicSurgery Bariatric Surgery Center of Excellence®.

Our hospital hasbeen recognized by Modern Healthcare as a Best Place to Work in Healthcare, andfor the fourth consecutive year as a Leader in LGBTQ Healthcare Equality by theHuman Rights Campaign (HRC) Foundation. It is the first hospital in San Antonioto achieve Pathway to Excellence designation by the American NursesCredentialing Center. Methodist Hospital Metropolitan has been nationallyrecognized by Leapfrog for focus on safety and quality, receiving a Grade AHospital Safety Score for 8 consecutive rating periods. We are also proud to bean Accredited Chest Pain Center by the American College of Cardiology andPrimary Stroke Center by the Joint Commission, as well as the first Texashospital to earn a Gold Seal of Approval for Sepsis Certification. For moreinformation, please visit our website at www.sahealth.com and select MethodistHospital Metropolitan under Locations.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Notice

Our Companys recruiters are here to help unlock the next possibility within your career and we take your candidate experience very seriously. During the recruitment process, no recruiter or employee will request financial or personal information (Social Security Number, credit card or bank information, etc.) from you via email. The recruiters will not email you from a public webmail client like Gmail or Yahoo Mail. If you feel suspicious of a job posting or job-related email, let us know by clicking here.

For questions about your job application or this site please contact HCAhrAnswers at 1-844-422-5627 option 1.

Company Description:

HCA Healthcare is a collaborative healthcare network, driven by physicians, nurses and colleagues helping each other champion the practice of medicine to give people a healthier tomorrow. With a comprehensive network of more than 270,000 people across approximately 1,800 care facilities, our scale enables us to deliver great outcomes for our patients, provide superior nursing care and be a preferred place for physicians to practice medicine. We never stop in our pursuit of insights and care advances based on the knowledge and data we gain from approximately 30 million patient encounters a year. Every day, we raise the bar to improve the way healthcare is delivered, not just in our facilities, but everywhere. Were committed to improving more lives in more ways, and above all else, we are committed to the care and improvement of human life.
