We are seeking a highly-motivated engineer to participate in the design and testing of solutions that meet our clients’ needs. In this role, you will be assigned challenging engineering problems to provide part of the solution to some of our current projects. We are an industry leader in applied engineering research and development. We work across a wide-variety of technologies and interests towards the betterment of mankind. Every day is a new challenge as we push the boundaries of science and technology to develop innovative solutions that advance the state of the art. Our engineers work on a variety of projects and/or current challenges in designing, building, debugging, and implementing embedded systems, peripheral solutions, circuit interfacing, and/or software modules at varying levels of integration. Engineers will interface with other engineers, technicians, and project managers to ensure requirements of the system are successfully achieved in a timely manner. As part of the team, you will be expected to work rapidly and professionally as we perform agile applied engineering ending in prototype systems that are often one-of-a-kind solving specialized problem sets for our global clients.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Electrical Engineer, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or related with 0-2 years of digital electronics experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Knowledge in embedded systems, micro-controllers, embedded programming, MCUs, ARM, and/or FPGAs is required. Proficiency in MATLAB, C/C++, Python strongly preferred. Must be able to work in project-team environments and independently. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Applied Power home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
