Job Description
Leading global, multi-billion USD consumer packaged goods manufacturer seeks Sr. Scientist to support gummy formulation, manufacturing and technology initiatives. This individual will work closely with multi-functional teams to help improve current products, address manufacturing issues, evaluate new technologies and/or ingredients, seek cost savings and maintain networks of external partners. Project goals are accomplished with the supervision of the support Supply Chain technicians and scientists.

This position will work on the manufacturing floor 85% of the time addressing formulation and manufacturing issues, mentoring and training floor associates and resolving problems.

This company is ELIGIBLE FOR RELOCATION SUPPORT.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Gather and analyze data on processes to determine recommendations for improvement; generate equipment designs, process flows, productivity models
Create standard operating procedures, user requirement specifications, basis of design, qualification documents, and work flows
Provide project status and update reports to management and customers to ensure visibility; maintain project plans and other project documentation in an organized and secure fashion; conduct meetings with management in response to major scope changes to a project, or prior to major milestones being met
Inform management in a timely manner of risks to product revenue generation; review the revenue forecast and work with Finance to ensure the forecast for all billed items are accurate and up to date
Leading and managing projects for the introduction of new products, equipment and processes to meet all safety, quality, regulatory and operational requirements.
Process mapping, gap analysis/identification for new and existing pharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
Process development (as part of technical transfer), troubleshooting and optimization.
Executing process and equipment trials and verification.
Leading cross functional teams as part of project planning and deployment including collaboration with supporting departments such as Production/Operations, Quality, Safety, Regulatory Affairs, Facilities and Engineering, Supply Chain and Finance, Project scoping and gap analysis.
Assist with equipment specification/design/procurement/installation and validation.
Optimization of existing processes to achieve product output targets.
Coordinating changes using the approved change control procedure to ensure that cGMP is adhered to.
Generation, review and approval of project documentation (Scope, User Requirement Specifications etc), trial reports and Standard Operating Procedures.
Provide technical support to troubleshooting technical issues and assisting with process investigations.
Involvement in Continuous Improvement activities including but not limited TPM and Six-Sigma.
Participation in Project and Continuous Improvement activities.
Develop user materials (e.g. SOPs + training aids) and provide training on equipment/process functionality.
Perform technical review of updates to Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) related to the equipment/process.
Qualifications

· Bachelors in Engineering or physical sciences, including, but not limited to: Chemistry, Chemical, Pharmaceutical or Mechanical Engineering, or Pharmacy; all with work experience in a Gummy production environment.

· 5+ years of relevant work experience in gummy manufacturing utilizing Mogul machinery highly preferred.

Other FDA regulated/CPG Manufacturing experience including Food, Beverage, Cosmetics and Pharmaceutical will be considered as well.

· Working knowledge of project management principles and concepts in a cGMP environment

· 2+ years of project management experience or other experience that demonstrates successful team leadership and project completion

· PC skills, including proficiency with Microsoft Project, Excel and standard tools in project management; proficiency in CAD software, Autocad, Solidworks, etc.

· Ability to communicate and collaborate with external partners and scientific experts

Benefits: including medical, dental, vision, RX, matching 401k, FSA, profit sharing, tuition reimbursement and MORE!
Company Description
Dynamic, reputable Over the Counter/pharma/Consumer Packaged Goods manufacturer with many plants located around the country, providing real opportunity to drive change and develop/grow professionally.
