What’s the next hardest challenge for autonomous vehicles? Join our Unmanned Systems Group and help drive our research forward. Provide technical leadership and innovation, project management, and business development support to our research and development projects and programs in areas like unmanned ground and aerial vehicles (UGVs and UAVs), automated material handling, connected and automated vehicles (CAVs), automated transit, and autonomous off-road vehicles for global commercial and government clients. Our 50-person team handles everything from small investigations of new sensors to multi-year development of complete autonomous systems. See some of them at https://ivs.swri.org. Lead internal and external research projects from ideation through proposal, capture, execution, and delivery. Maintain familiarity with both industry and academic research to ensure SwRI remains on the cutting edge of valuable near- and far-term technology and capability. Share your successes at global conferences and present to industry experts and your team.


Education/Experience:


Requires a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science, or a related engineering field with at least 7 years of research and development experience in robotics, autonomous systems, or a related field. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. We mostly work with vehicles, related experience is preferred. Excellent interpersonal skills and experience leading a technical team are required. You’ll need to lead your colleagues on your projects as well as help mentor junior engineers. Must be comfortable writing proposal performing business development activities. We’re looking for someone to take our research in new and challenging directions, including working with all levels of staff and being hands-on. Technical skills from programming (ROS is highly desired) to electrical and mechanical design will be very helpful and occasionally required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
