Senior Social Scientist

Leonie is currently seeking a qualified and experienced Senior Social Scientist to join our world-class team of exceptionally skilled, ethical and committed professionals providing Information Operations, Intelligence and Analytical Services. Since 2004, Leonie has made the customer the top priority while maintaining a culture of industry thought leadership that has translated into unmatched mission accomplishments.

*POSITION CONTINGENT UPON AWARD

Job Description:
Provide strategic and trans-regional/operational IOII and Human Influence/Factors support to JIOWC and Joint Staff to augment the capabilities, tools, and technologies supporting the JIOWC intelligence mission set; identifies opportunities to enhance processes by gathering data, knowledge, and information concepts and technologies; and supports joint projects with SMEs.
JIOWC requires the following support for joint IO intelligence production in support of JIOWC’s stakeholders, which include JIOWC, the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD), JS, CCMDs, Service IO agencies. Products, documents, data, and models produced while performing these tasks will be placed in locations designated by the appropriate stakeholder.
Research, analyze, and develop JIOWC Intelligence Branch (IB) Information Environment products in support of internal and Joint Staff projects/tasking/planning efforts.
Develop human influence/factors products utilizing psychological, social, cultural, human factors disciplines, and knowledge of strategic communication and public diplomacy to identify and effectively influence individuals or groups of interest.
Assess social science methodology and recommend new approaches for product development. Adapt methodologies of the respective team member disciplines and incorporate their expertise into human influence involving individuals, groups, and their operational environments.
Support IO planning/plan reviews as needed.
IB products shall be produced in compliance with JIOWC and Intelligence Community writing standards tailored to the strategic level. In accordance with project management based best practices, the support team shall develop subtasks, methodologies and timelines for completing assigned tasks. Identified intelligence and information gaps shall be submitted to the IB collection manager for action. Intelligence supporting targeting shall be handled via established procedures.
Provide evaluations of intelligence and intelligence products via the appropriate reporting processes.
Train and mentor assigned personnel in advanced analytic techniques, requests for information processes, general intelligence methodology, and all other subjects/tasks as required by JIOWC Instruction and IB policy and procedures.
Provide administrative and SME support to meetings to include: scheduling, agenda development, creating presentations or read-ahead materials, and recording/posting meeting notes. Examples of meetings that may occur in the current Government process: planning and analysis information exchange, directorate staff meeting, Director’s update brief, training, conferences, user groups, etc.
Review and recommend capabilities, tools, and technologies to support the JIOWC intelligence mission set. Identify opportunities to enhance processes by gathering data, knowledge, and information concepts and technologies. Provide the expertise to assess the capabilities necessary for fulfillment of emerging mission.
Review and recommend capabilities, tools, and technologies to support the JIOWC intelligence mission set. Identify opportunities to enhance processes by gathering data, knowledge, and information concepts and technologies. Provide the expertise to assess the capabilities necessary for fulfillment of emerging mission requirements and recommend strategies for resource planning.
Support joint projects with SMEs. Participate in briefings, meetings, working groups, conferences, site visits, and reviews to assess and maintain current and future programs and projects.
Create, update, and maintain web-based products according to customer’s request.
Requirements:
Minimum of 10 years demonstrated experience each in researching, analyzing, and writing products for Defense Department, and/or Intelligence Community senior executive audiences, for example CJCS, SECDEF, or POTUS.
Minimum of 12 years’ of Senior Social Scientist experience, with the ability to conduct social science analysis and human influence analysis with emphasis in Information Operations.
Must have in-depth knowledge in psychology, social psychology, behavioral science, and/or cultural anthropology.
Must have a Master’s degree with applied human influence experience, a doctorate is preferred but not required.
Must have expertise and understanding of Human Influence, including Military Information Support Operations (MISO).
Must have demonstrated knowledge, understanding, and expertise in the following:
Standard intelligence search tools, analytic tools, and dissemination tools.
Must be able to demonstrate various analytical methodologies to support analysis.
Minimum of 8 years of experience, demonstrated knowledge, understanding, and expertise in at least two (2) of the following standard intelligence automation applications (TAC, CRATE, COLISEUM, INTELINK, I-SPACE, CIA Wire, Open Source Center, PALANTIR).
10 years of experience with Joint Operation Planning and Execution System (JOPES)/Joint Operation Planning Process (JOPP), Adaptive Planning and Execution (APEX), Joint and Service operational and intelligence structures, the elements of the intelligence community (IC), and intelligence equipment capabilities and as necessary service manpower systems.
10 years of experience or familiarity with the targeting cycle, Military Intelligence Database (MIDB), Computer Network Operations Database (CNODB), target audience analysis, and entity characteristics
10 years of professional experience or familiarity with the Information Operations Community, IC, Department of Defense, and the Army, Navy, Marine Corps and Air Force. Experience or familiarity includes how each views, supports, or conducts information environment analysis and integrates intelligence in support of information operations.
10 years of in-depth technical writing and editorial support in intelligence production at the strategic level for DOD or the USIC (U.S. Intelligence Community). Strong background in product visualization options is a plus.
10 years of experience (12 years preferred) conducting all-source intelligence and assessments, and demonstrated ability to analyze/characterize, assess, and describe changes in the information environment baseline. Candidates without 12 years of experience must have at a minimum a BA/BS in a relevant field of study, though a MA/MS or doctorate is preferred.
Proven staffing skills and strategic level writing experience; practical experience and expertise with high level organizations within the DOD (Joint Staff, CCMDs and other US Government agencies [ex. Combat Support Agencies] are highly desirable.)
Working knowledge of MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
Clearance level:
Top Secret – SCI
Reports:
Program Manager
Location:
Lackland, AFB San Antonio, TX with possible travel to the Pentagon, other locations and other organizations as deemed appropriate by the government
Leonie offers you the opportunity to join an innovative, well respected organization and collaborate with industry experts and exceptional individuals. We provide a competitive compensation and a generous benefits package.

To be considered for this exciting opportunity, please apply online via our website at http://www.leoniegroup.com/careers .Please provide a cover letter outlining your experience and salary expectations as you create your Leonie profile.

Leonie is an Equal Opportunity Employer. M/F/D/V
