General Summary:

Assist in designing and conducting independent research, preparing grant and contract applications, and submitting research results for publication.

Job Description

Role and Responsibilities

Conducts scientific research under the direct supervision of another scientist who is more senior in rank.

Prepares or assist in preparation of material for publication.

Prepares or assist in the preparation of grant and contract applications.

Participates in seminars and scientific meetings appropriate to field of interest.

Performs other duties as assigned.

Postdoctoral Scientist - Quantitative Biology and Bioinformatics

A postdoctoral scientist position in Quantitative
Biology and Bioinformatics is currently available. The qualified candidate will be working on projects related to
viral/cancer immunity and evolution including SARS-CoV-2. The overall aims of the projects are to
develop and apply multi-omic approaches to mine and deconvolute complex
datasets including genomic, transcriptomic, and proteomic data from viruses,
hosts, and tumors to: a) discover population-specific virus-host interaction
mechanisms and identify underlying genetic and evolutionary sources; b)
delineate gene expression profiles in cancer and investigate their associations
with germline/somatic mutations, viral status, and other clinical data.
Texas
Biomed provides unique research and training opportunities including access to
exceptional resources such as BSL4, SNPRC (Southwest National Primate Research
Center), a vigorous infectious disease program on SARS-CoV-2, HIV, malaria, schistosomiasis,
Ebola, Zika, hepatitis C and TB, career development workshops on grant writing,
starting a new lab, skill management, and outstanding imaging, computational,
and sequencing facilities. Texas Biomed faculty have adjunct appointments at
two universities in San Antonio (UTSA and UTHSCSA), which provide a wide range
of additional training and career development opportunities for Texas Biomed
employees.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop computational approaches including deep learning to analyze genomic, transcriptomic, and proteomic patterns associated with viral and cancer immunity.
Perform evolutionary analysis to identify adaptation forces.
Work with other computational and experimental lab members and collaborators to turn new findings into experimentally and computationally testable hypotheses.
Actively participate in writing journal articles and grant proposals.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE/SKILLS:
Required
Ph.D. in a quantitative science discipline such as bioinformatics, computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, or engineering.
Skills in working with large datasets and developing tools and algorithms for analysis of large datasets.
Coding in one or more platforms, e.g. Python, R, Matlab.

Preferred:
Ph.D. in quantitative biology, bioinformatics.
Experience in analyzing RNAseq, GWAS, Hi-C and other large biological datasets.
Familiarity with databases such as UCSC Genome Browser, 1000Genomes, TCGA, and ICGC.
Experience in using standard bioinformatics packages such as Samtools, Cufflinks, Tophat, …
Knowledge of statistics.
Knowledge of evolutionary biology, and viral/cancer immunity.

OTHER: This is a full-time salaried
(exempt) position. Business hours are Monday through Friday - 8:00 a.m. to 5:00
p.m. Texas Biomedical Research Institute is committed to a drug-free workplace. Pre-employment drug screen in required.
