Join a team that develops creative solutions for a variety of commercial and military applications across the human performance domain; physical, cognitive, and social. Interface with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives on a frequent basis. Work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation. Apply aspects of systems engineering, an understanding of biomechanical and physiological systems, and the nature and limitations of hardware and software to ensure that the underlying systems work properly. Additional information about the type of work can be found at: https://hpi.swri.org.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Software Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Science or closely related disciplines with 0-2 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.25 GPA. Must have coursework or experience in more than one of the following: image and video processing, network and routing protocols, and machine learning or neural networks. Strong software skills are required. Experience in C++, C#, and/or Python is preferred. Experience with Linux, real-time operating systems, user interface design, and/or multithreaded programming is a plus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required. Must be able to work in project team environments and independently. Must have excellent problem-solving skills, be self-motivated, and be driven by challenging problems. Must have good organizational skills and attention to detail with an aptitude for continuous learning and leadership potential. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
