Type of Requisition:

Pipeline

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

None

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Secret

Suitability:

No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:

NACLC (T3)

Job Family:

Scientists

Job Description:

GDIT is seeking a Research Scientist II in support of the Naval Medical Research Unit in San Antonio, Texas. This position develops, leads, and conducts protocol-driven scientific research addressing various aspects of military medicine, including, but not limited to: hemorrhage and resuscitation, immunomodulation, biomedical systems, bioassay development craniofacial, infectious diseases and directed energy bioeffects. Tasks include:
Provides support in writing protocol-driven research proposals, animal use protocols, human use protocols, technical reports, final reports, and peer-reviewed manuscripts.
Evaluates data sets (provided by the Government and collected by the Contractor).
Develops various presentation materials and presents findings at technical and professional meetings.
Prepares experimental subjects, set up experimental equipment, and aid in training and development of experimental subjects for experimental procedures in accordance with approved animal or human use protocols.
Provides support in development of establishment of in vivo and in vitro model systems, data acquisition, and data analysis.
Oversees contract personnel associated with research projects; manages research data.
May perform surgical procedures on animal models for both survival and non-survival.
Education requirements are a PhD in related filed plus two (2) years Post-Doctoral.
Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

Less than 10%

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA TX Fort Sam Houston

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
