Join a team that develops creative solutions for existing and future next-generation technologies for high reliability applications including embedded systems for space instruments and spacecraft components. Interface with technical clients and colleagues to understand requirements and constraints of the task objectives. Work in various phases of the system lifecycle, including applied research, requirements generation, design, implementation, testing, integration, installation, and documentation.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science with at least a 3.0 GPA. Requires 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have the desire to successfully collaborate as part of an engineering team. Must have strong communication skills. Experience with programming in at least one of the following: C/C++/Python are required. Embedded software development experience is preferred. Experience with real-time Operating Systems (OS) and courses in OS are preferred. Knowledge of computer boot process including boot loaders; familiarity with compilers, debuggers, and other low-level development and analysis tools is preferred. Must be able to solve problems using critical thinking and creativity. Project or course work regarding computer and embedded system is required. Demonstrated ability to program in multiple programming languages; relevant languages include C/C++, Python, C#. Trained and experienced in both hardware and software skills. Willingness and ability to learn new systems and technologies quickly. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
