Research Scientist
Location


TX - Fort Sam Houston

Job Code

6690

# of openings

1

Apply Now

Laulima Government Solutions, LLC is looking for a qualified Research Scientist to support our contract with USAISR at Fort Sam Houston, TX.

This position will advise and lead the Orthopedic Trauma (OT) multifunctional animal research team in all aspects of conducting animal research to include: experimental design, protocol preparations, submissions, IACUC approvals, protocol execution, data collection, and interpretation; additionally the research scientist performs tissue level quantification and analysis of therapeutic compounds and their metabolites using mass spectrometry and high performance liquid chromatography,

Description of Responsibilities
Conducts animal research to satisfy mission support requirements of OT Task Area o Maintains currency with and complies with animal use directives.
Performs animal surgery to include musculoskeletal trauma models o Performs all aspects of critical care management of critically ill mechanically ventilated animals.
Safely performs and oversees surgical trauma and collection of tissue samples. o Performs 3- dimensional image reconstruction and quantitative analysis of X-rays, MicroCT scans and CT Scans.
Performs tissue level quantitation of therapeutic compounds and their metabolites using mass spectrometry (MS, Q-Tof, REIMS iKnife) and high performance liquid chromatography.
Assists the OT multifunctional research team and advises all aspects of conducting animal research to include experimental design, protocol preparations, submissions, IACUC approvals, protocol execution, data collection, and interpretation.
Performs dosing calculations for individual animal species and performs required dilutions leading to experimentally relevant dosage levels
Calculate relevant dosing conversions and performs required dilutions to achieve the same experimental levels across multiple animal species.
Provides laboratory research to satisfy research support requirements
Develops, validates, and uses a variety of molecular, biochemical, coagulation, and physiological assays. o Validates all procedures in terms of accuracy, precision, and specificity, and generate a written protocol for each procedure.
Cultures a variety of cell types/lines under various environmental conditions.
Assists others (lab assistants and postdoctoral associates) on the use of the above procedures. o Maintains data in organized notebooks and electronic files.
Uses a variety of imaging equipment and quantitative software to analyze the results of molecular/biological procedures
Provides toxicological expertise advice to members of the OT multifunctional research team
Provides data analysis, publications, and presentations to support the OT Task Area.
Collects and records data o Performs data entry and database maintenance and manipulation. o Maintains properly secured subject and sample documentation.
Calculates results of assays and evaluate validity of data collected.
Performs appropriate statistical computations on raw data, and to be able to use software: Excel, Word, PowerPoint, JMP, Sigma Plot/Stat, and GraphPad Prism to organize and analyze data.
Prepares photography, graphics, and image production, for study presentations and publications.
Participates in interpretation of results and prepares manuscripts, reports, and presentations for publication.
Participates in lectures, seminars, and conferences.
Maintains current knowledge of developments in the field of trauma, orthopedic research, infection and toxicology.
Drafts, revises, and submits DHP, intramural, and extramural funding proposals to satisfy mission support requirements. Works in collaboration with industry and academic partners to execute research to satisfy mission support requirements.
Drafts, revises, and submits proposals for intramural, DHP, and extramural funding.
Works in collaboration with industry and academic partners under CRADAs. o Analyzes physiologic waveforms data by time, spectral, and fractal techniques using commercial software.
Leads animal research team and serve as Principal Investigator on animal protocols.
Degree/Education/Certification Requirements
• PhD in a Biological Science, Pharmocology, Biochemistry

• 3 years’ relevant experience

Required Skills and Experience
Advanced knowledge of laboratory procedures with specific emphasis in medicine, biochemistry, physiology, immunology, pharmacology, molecular biology and animal models
Proven ability to decipher the specificity of various complement inhibitors and immune-modulators
Excellent written communication skills, and ability to effectively collect and disseminate data

Desired Skills and Experience
Animal Research
Experience in a military medical research facility
Experience with statistical software
Clearance:

Must be able and obtain a Tier 1/NCI/ADP/IT III

Laulima Government Solutions, LLC is a fast-growing government service provider. Employees enjoy competitive salaries; a 401K plan with company match; medical, dental, disability, and life insurance coverage; tuition reimbursement; paid time off; and 10 paid holidays. Laulima Government Solutions, LLC is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer of individuals with disabilities and veterans. We are proud to state that we do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. If you are a person with a disability and you need an accommodation during the application process, please click here to request accommodation. We E-Verify all employees.

The Alaka`ina Foundation Family of Companies (FOCs) is comprised of industry-recognized government service firms designated as Native Hawaiian Organization (NHO)-owned and 8(a) certified businesses. The Family of Companies (FOCs) includes Ke`aki Technologies, Laulima Government Solutions, Kūpono Government Services, and Kapili Services, Po`okela Solutions, Kīkaha Solutions, LLC, and Pololei Solutions, LLC. Alaka`ina Foundation activities under the 501(c)3 principally benefit the youth of Hawaii through charitable efforts which includes providing innovative educational programs that combine leadership, science & technology, and environmental stewardship.

For additional information, please visit www.alakainafoundation.com

#Monster
