Type of Requisition:

Pipeline

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

None

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

None

Suitability:

No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:

NACLC (T3)

Job Family:

Epidemiology

Job Description:

GDIT is seeking an Epidemiology Data Analyst in support of the 59th Medical Wing (59 MDW). The 59th Medical Wing Science and Technology (ST) office advises and conducts clinical and translational research on matters pertaining to the medical aspects of the Air Expeditionary Force and the health of Air Force (AF) personnel and beneficiaries. In order to support the required research, ST offices conduct translational research in the areas of emergency medical care, combat casualty care, force health protection, restorative medicine, clinical and rehabilitative medicine and specialty centers.

Summary:

Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, to include but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and data base applications.

Duties & Responsibilities:

 Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control; and maintain data dictionary statistics.

 Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.

 Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).

 Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.

 Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.

 Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.

 Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.

 Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts and other department presentation materials.

 Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.

 Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications and researching grant opportunities.

 Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.

 Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training and scheduling.

 Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.

 Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking and reporting.

 Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.

Minimum Qualification and Experience:

 Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Bio-Statistics/Statistics, Public Health or closely related fields.

 Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.

Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA TX Lackland AFB

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
