Position Details
Title of Position Research Scientist Associate IV
Requisition Number BES20190597P
Department Posting Name Center for Archaeological Research
Location Main Campus
Recruitment Type External
Position Type This is a Classified, benefits eligible, position.
Grant Funded? No
Hours per week 40
If employee will be working a schedule other than Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 5:00pm, specify hours and days to be worked
Hours will occasionally include weekends and extended hours as needed based on project.
If Temporary, Ending Date
Recruiting Rate $33,440 - $53,512/Annualized
Beginning Salary Flexibility Yes
Pay Basis Salary
Required Education Master's Degree
Do you want to allow additional experience to substitute for required education? No
Preferred Education Doctoral Degree
Field of Study
Requires Master’s Degree from an accredited institution in Anthropology, Archaeology, or a related discipline.
Prefer PhD in Anthropology, Archaeology, or a related discipline or advanced courses leading to a PhD.
MS Office Experience Required Word, Excel
Will this position require driving a UT or personally owned vehicle? Yes - Essential Function
Other Computer and Software Skills Required
MS Word, Excel, and Outlook or equivalent email system.
Experience and Other Skills Required
Three years of experience in archaeology research including assisting in research, design, fieldwork, leading field crews, laboratory analysis and research report production.
Thorough knowledge of special equipment used in fields of research.
Do you want to allow additional education to substitute for required experience? No
Other Skills Preferred
Four or more years of related research experience.
Knowledge of scientific equipment used in
related fields of research.
Description of Job Duties
Serves as archaeological research project archaeologist, including supervising fieldwork, lab analysis, and report production. Devises new approaches to problems encountered.
Supervises and assists in preparation of specifications and the development of techniques.
Assumes responsibility for acceptance or rejection of results achieved.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Posting Open Date 10/01/2019
Posting Close Date at midnight on
Open Until Filled Yes
Special Notes To Applicants
Writing sample will be requested of applicants in the final stages of the selection process, as report writing is a critical component of this position.
Note that this position is project funded with no expected end date and may be converted to a regular, full-time position without re-posting, based on departmental needs and funding availability.
Position requires travel and frequent physical exertion in outside weather conditions consistent with archeological research.
-UTSA is a tobacco-free campus.
-UTSA is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.
-This is a security sensitive position. Employment is contingent upon a successful background check.
-Applicants who are selected for interviews must be able to show proof that they are eligible and qualified to work in the United States by time of hire.
-At the discretion of the hiring department, this position posting may be closed once a sufficient number of qualified applications has been received.
