Type of Requisition:

Pipeline

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

None

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Secret

Suitability:

No Suitability Required

Public Trust/Other Required:

NACLC (T3)

Job Family:

Scientists

Job Description:

GDIT is seeking a Research Scientist III in support of the Naval Medical Research Unit in San Antonio, Texas. This position develops, leads, and conducts protocol-driven scientific research addressing various aspects of military medicine, including, but not limited to: hemorrhage and resuscitation, immunomodulation, biomedical systems, bioassay development craniofacial, infectious diseases and directed energy bioeffects. Tasks include:
Provides expertise in development and conduction of protocol-driven scientific research addressing various aspect of military medicine, including, but not limited to: hemorrhage and resuscitation, immunomodulation, biomedical systems, bioassay development, craniofacial, infectious diseases and directed energy bioeffects.
Provides supervision and guidance to junior scientist contract personnel in writing Government approved: protocol-driven research proposals, animal use protocols, human use protocols, technical reports, final reports, and peer-reviewed manuscripts.
Provides guidance to junior scientist contract personnel on the evaluation of data sets (provided by the Government and collected by the Contractor); development of presentation materials, writing of Government approved SOPs for research under contract and presenting findings at technical and professional meetings.
Provides supervision for contract personnel during the preparation of experimental subjects and aid in the training and the development of experimental subjects for experimental procedures in accordance with approved animal or human use protocols.
Provides support in the development and establishment of in vivo and in vitro model systems, data acquisition, and data analysis. Oversees contract personnel associated with research projects; manages research data.
May perform surgical procedures on animal models for both survival and non-survival.
Education requirements are a PhD in related field plus seven (7) years’ experience.
Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

Less than 10%

Telecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA TX Fort Sam Houston

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done.

GDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
