Environmental/Engineer Scientist JBSA-Lackland, TX

JOB SUMMARY:


BB&E is seeking Environmental Scientist/Engineers, Junior to Senior Level with environmental restoration/remediation and compliance experience to provide support to various environmental programs for the Air Force Civil Engineer Center (AFCEC) Environmental Restoration Program onsite at JBSA-Lackland, TX.

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Supporting AFCEC Program Managers with management of projects
Preparation of draft procurement/acquisition documents, including statements of work, statements of objectives, cost estimates, and contracting letters.
Conduct technical document reviews of environmental reports
Analyze, synthesize, and compile programmatic environmental data
EXPERIENCE:

Prior experience providing environmental support to support to Air Force or DoD preferred.
Prior experience preparing or reviewing technical documents
EDUCATION:

A Bachelors degree or higher in engineering, sciences, or other related area (Environmental Engineer, Chemist, Hydrogeologist, Geologist, or Environmental Scientist).
JOB QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS:

Candidates shall have worked as an environmental professional and possess strong knowledge of federal environmental regulations.
40-hour HAZWOPER certification is a plus.
Shall also possess a working knowledge of other Federal environmental statutes and state-specific regulations such as each State Environmental Protection Act and the State Administrative Code, local regulations and statutes, as well as AF and/or DoD environmental regulations and documentation.
Strong oral and written communication skills and proficiency with MS Office applications (Word and Excel) is required.
Successful completion of a T-1 Trustworthiness background check for a Common Access Card (CAC), or the ability to obtain one.
Motivated self-starters with the ability to work within a team environment required.
BB&E is a civil, environmental and energy engineering and consulting company, headquartered in Northville, Michigan, which services both the Federal and Industrial sectors throughout the United States. BB&E team members specialize in civil and environmental engineers and professionals providing Environmental consulting, Facilities Engineering and Program/Project Management Services to Federal and private sectors. BB&E is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Please submit your resume/qualifications and salary requirements. All offers of employment at BB&E, Inc. are contingent upon a thorough background check conducted on all final candidates, as deemed necessary and per State and Federal laws.

BB&E offers a full and competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k).
