Education:
Bachelors degree (BA/BS) in Medical Technology or a biological science required.
Clinical Laboratory Scientist license required (Generalist or Molecular)
California Molecular CLS requires Board of Certification (BOC) credential
Experience Required:
Minimum 1-3 years experience in a clinical molecular laboratory, genetics experience preferred.
Experience with molecular techniques, DNA-based procedures, such as real-time PCR, Genotyping, Sanger and/or Next Generation Sequencing.
Extremely detail-oriented and highly organized.
Proficient using Microsoft Excel, Laboratory Information Systems, other database related software.
Motivated and energetic with extensive laboratory knowledge and experience.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills essential for interaction with laboratory staff and management.
Strong interpersonal skill and ability to work well in a team environment as well as independently.
Prioritize tasks by understanding the relative importance and urgency of each task.
Function at a high level and accomplish tasks that require departmental effort to meet demanding timelines and workloads. Adapt to changing priorities.
Exceptional customer service and listening skills.
Summary:

The Clinical Laboratory Data Analysis Specialist will perform DNA specimen processing, DNA/RNA isolation, genotyping and sequencing of isolated DNA, data analysis, reagent preparation, instrument calibration, laboratory maintenance and any other necessary laboratory processes according to approved standard operating procedures. Supervisory responsibilities to include supervision of non-licensed laboratory staff as required. The Clinical Laboratory Scientist reports to the Laboratory Operations Manger/Director.

Job Duties/Qualifications:
Knowledgeable in the handling of patient specimens from accession to storage.
Assist supervisor with day to day administration of PCR Laboratory.
Read and follow technical procedures for the Standard Operating Procedure Manual.
DNA and RNA extraction
Knowledge of nucleic acid technology. Understanding of quality control / quality improvement programs.
Complete PCR testing and PCR product analysis including sequencing, hybridization or fragment analysis
Assist in the administration of all Quality Control Programs.
Assist in the inventory management and ordering
Sample data collecting or accession if necessary
Compliance with all Federal and State regulations pertaining to histology. Specifically:
Adherence to workload requirements.
Maintenance of accurate work records (i.e., Maintenance Logs, Temperature Logs, etc.)
Associates or Bachelors Degree in science or related field plus one year clinical biological lab experience
Perform complex data analysis of molecular genetic data, including genotyping and DNA sequencing data according to laboratory SOPs
Maintain records of data analysis and monitor results generation using spreadsheets and laboratory information systems.
Track specimen workflow and manage communication of specimen status in the laboratory.
Maintain equipment and quality records.
Reagent preparation and inventory tracking.
Perform specimen processing and laboratory procedures specific to molecular genetic testing technique.
Monitor Quality Assurance and Quality Improvement metrics to improve overall efficiency of laboratory production.
Write, review, and revise Standard Operating Procedures, and associated documents.
Adhere to laboratory policies, safety, and standard operating procedures.
Provide training to personnel as required for proper execution of standard operating procedures.
Function as a data analyst for data analysis of batch and sample genotyping results across different platforms, e.g. Sanger, sequencing, del/dup assays.
Function as a data analyst for releasing sample results.
Other duties as assigned.
Job Type: Full-time

Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Paid time off
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
