Position Summary:

As an in-house Support Scientist (Technical Applications Scientist) of Illumina products and applications, you will provide technical advice and troubleshooting assistance focusing on data analysis software and bioinformatics. As a key member of the Service and Support Team you will also assist in the development and improvement of key commercial processes to ensure that Illumina provides its customers with world class technical support. Illumina is growing rapidly and offers excellent opportunities for career development.

Responsibilities:
Answer, evaluate, and prioritize incoming phone, email, and in person requests for assistance from customers.
Handle problem recognition, research, resolution, and follow up for routine and complex problems.
Provide technical guidance regarding the choice and use of the appropriate Illumina product to existing and prospective customers.
Develop, write, and edit technical documentation and training materials for internal
and external customers.
Participate in core product sustaining and development teams.
Log and manage customer feedback using Illumina's case tracking database.
Requirements:
Experience with data analysis tools in command line environment and bioinformatics a must
Customer support experience highly desirable
Excellent analytical, problem solving, and interpersonal skills required
Outstanding written and verbal communication and training skills a MUST
Willing to travel up to 10%
Education:
Ph.D., M.S, or B.S. with 3 plus years relevant lab experience in molecular biology, genetics, bioinformatics or related field.
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
