Those who join Emergent BioSolutions feel a sense of ownership about their future. You will excel in an environment characterized by respect, innovation and growth opportunities. Here, you will join passionate professionals who advance their scientific, technical and professional skills to develop products designed-to protect life.

Position Summary

The Scientist will be a key member of the Product Development team, and will report to the Senior Scientist, Product Development. The position will focus on development of vaccine formulations from preclinical through Phase III, and commercialization. The main responsibilities will include the design, execution, and documentation of experiments to develop formulations and processes for virus-like particle, attenuated virus, and bacterial based vaccines. The successful candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced team environment and be able to learn new skills quickly.

Essential Functions
Develop novel liquid and lyophilization formulations to improve product stability
Design assays to measure product stability
Write and revise SOPs, GLP, and GMP documentation
Write and review development reports to support regulatory submissions
Manage associates running project-specific assays (e.g. ELISA/PCR/TCID50)
Work with CMO for tech transfer of process to manufacture clinical material
Ensure compliance with GLP and other regulatory and safety guidelines
Perform biological/biochemical and/or chemical analyses of product to ensure stability
Organize and manage development stability studies
Perform testing based on SOP
Analyze and present relevant data


Minimum Education, Experience, Skills

Education: PhD/MS/BS degree in chemistry, biochemistry, pharmaceutical sciences, materials science, chemical engineering or a related field

Education: PhD/MS/BS degree in chemistry, biochemistry, pharmaceutical sciences, materials science, chemical engineering or a related field.

Experience: Minimum of 0-4 years for PhD, 4-6 Years for MS, 6-10 Years for BS degree of experience in the biopharmaceutical industry

Knowledge: Applicant should be familiar with GMP and GLP guidelines, current technological developments/trends in area of expertise, scientific principles and practices

Skills: Proficient in Microsoft Excel, Word, and PowerPoint, strong written and verbal communication skills, strong organizational skills

Abilities:
Follow company policies and procedures (SOPs) to complete assignments
Safely handle BSL2 organisms (virus like particles, virus, bacteria)
Understanding of bio-chemical and physical properties of therapeutic biomacromolecules
Understanding of molecular interaction with formulation excipients, relevant analytical techniques and data interpretation
Understanding of Design of Experiment (DoE) for formulation development and supporting statistical analysis
Hands-on experience with particle size characterization techniques (Dynamic Light Scattering, Laser diffraction, Particle Imaging)
Knowledge and experience of molecular biology techniques (Western blot, Gel electrophoresis, Mass spectrometry etc.) for formulation development
Work independently in the laboratory to support product development
Understanding of the drug product manufacturing process and scale-up
Develop and support collaborative relationships
Effectively prioritize tasks and managing multiple projects
Summarize data for presentations and regulatory submissions
Analyze and present data to colleagues
Troubleshoot complex problems
Lyophilization of vaccine product experience preferred
Physical/Mental Demands and Work Environment Characteristics

There are physical/mental demands and work environment characteristics that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. This information is available upon request from the candidate. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform all essential functions.

Emergent BioSolutions is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, age, national origin, disability, Protected Veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

Information submitted will be used by Emergent BioSolutions for activities related to your prospective employment. Emergent BioSolutions respects your privacy and any use of the information submitted will be subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy .

Emergent BioSolutions does not accept non-solicited resumes or candidate submittals from search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list. Unsolicited resumes or candidate information submitted to Emergent BioSolutions by search/recruiting agencies not already on Emergent BioSolutions’ approved agency list shall become the property of Emergent BioSolutions and if the candidate is subsequently hired by Emergent BioSolutions, Emergent BioSolutions shall not owe any fee to the submitting agency.
