Position Role/Tile: Data Scientist
Location: San Diego, CA .

Job Description:
Have strong scientific coding aptitude efficient code that is numerically stable and of production quality.
Are strong analytical thinkers, including reasoning through probabilities and statistics, as well as delving into detailed deterministic thinking and using individual examples
Can learn new business domains, understanding the context for the data science
Can learn and apply machine learning and AI techniques to new domains, with a focus on client needs
Have interest in working from start to finish: gather data, clean and prepare, model, code, package, guide into production, and help clients use the results.
Enjoy working with data.
Can communicate complex and sophisticated ideas to people without scientific backgrounds
Enjoy working in a team environment
You will be responsible for:
Working on problems in the fintech area, including online payments, banking, and other areas
Working on a team under the leadership of other Data Scientists
Communicating with clients, internal and external, to understand the business problems that we can solve using machine learning and AI
Analyzing and understanding data from different domains, including data cleansing and detailed analysis of relationships between fields
Developing supervised, unsupervised, and reinforcement models in the laboratory
Coding models for production, with particular attention to efficient use of computational resources and robustness of the code
Working with Software Engineers and SaaS Operations to package and deploy the models
Monitoring the models to ensure that they are working properly, and generalizing to new data
Working with clients to ensure that they are using the results of the models effectively.
Skills needed include: excellent written and verbal communications, and presentation skills.
Languages needed include a subset of: Python, C++, Unix scripting, SAS, PySpark, Scala, Perl, C
Strong command of Unix is preferred.
Experience: PhD plus 3 years of industry experience in a relevant area, including taking machine learning into a production environment. Alternatively, Master's degree plus 6 years of industry experience in a relevant area, including taking machine learning into a production environment.

Central Business Solutions, Inc,
37600 Central Ct.
Suite #214
Newark, CA 94560
