Job Description
• Independently design and execute in vitro cell-based experiments to test drug candidates.
• Document, analyze and interpret experiments to plan next steps based on analysis of own data and data from other contributors.
• Present results within a multi-disciplinary team environment.
• Collaborate across project team labs to achieve project goals.
• Train members of lab and broader project team in familiar techniques

The ideal candidate will have experience with cellular and molecular biology techniques in the area of cancer biology and immuno-oncology.
Ideal applicants will possess excellent communication and organizational skills, critical problem-solving abilities and a commitment to excellence.
Preference will be given to candidates with experience with one or more of the following techniques: mammalian cell culture, stable cell line generation, FACS analysis, development of T cell activation assays, biochemical assays, operation of automated/robotics systems, qPCR, data visualization, molecular cloning, viral transduction, western blotting and co-immunoprecipitation.
The candidate should be proficient with software packages including Excel, PowerPoint, graphing software (eg Prism, Spotfire, MATLAB etc), FloJo, plasmid editors (eg ApE, SnapGene, Vector NTI) and virtual meeting platforms.
BS/MS in life sciences discipline with at least 2 years laboratory experience in cell culture and assay development
• Basic molecular biology techniques
• Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, FloJo, and scientific graphing software
• Flow-based assay experience
• Familiarity with wet lab assays including; cell-based assays, immunoblotting, qPCR,
• Hands-on experience with T cell activation assays
• Experience with robotics or automated assay systems
Education:BS/MS in life sciences discipline with at least 2 years laboratory experience in cell culture and assay development

Skills:
Required
ASSAY DEVELOPMENT
BIOCHEMICAL
CELL CULTURE
CELL LINE
CLONING
Additional
VIVO
DATA VISUALIZATION
EXCEL
LABORATORY
MAMMALIAN CELL CULTURE
MATLAB
MICROSOFT EXCEL
MOLECULAR BIOLOGY
ORGANIZATIONAL SKILLS
POWERPOINT
PROBLEM-SOLVING
QPCR
ROBOTICS
SPOTFIRE
VISUALIZATION
WESTERN BLOTTING
ADME
BIOCHEMISTRY
CELLULAR
DRUG DISCOVERY
FANUC
GENOMICS
LIFE SCIENCES
MICROSOFT POWERPOINT
ONCOLOGY
THERAPEUTIC
VITRO
Company Description
Synectics is one of the nation's foremost consulting firms, working with a client base that includes some of the leading institutions and Fortune 500 corporations in the United States. We seek to bring the most highly qualified professionals to assignments that they will find challenging and fulfilling. We also seek to justify our clients’ expectations that every Synectics consultant will bring the highest possible effort to their endeavors every day. Our success has depended on our consistent ability to achieve both of these goals.

Synectics serves an extremely diverse client base which represents an equally diverse range of industries and institutions. The technologies we support have always been responsive to this extremely broad spectrum. In order to fully engage with this continually changing commercial and technological landscape, our employees must draw on their own varying interests, skills and backgrounds. This insight, reflected in our daily practices, has always been our fundamental strength as a company, and it continues to serve us well in all our efforts.
