At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We're looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.Basic Qualifications :+ Ph.D. in biological sciences (life sciences, molecular biology, protein biochemistry, protein engineering or related field); or+ Master's Degree or Bachelor's Degree in biological sciences with at least 8 years of relevant post-graduate academic or industrial experience.Additional Information :Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively "Lilly") are committed to help individuals with disabilities participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to participate in the application process, please email Lilly Recruiting Compliance. Please note, this email address is intended for use only to request a disability accommodation, please email Lilly Recruiting Compliance for further assistance. Inquiries which are not requests for accommodations may not receive a response.Travel Percentage :0-10%Responsibilities :The Discovery Chemistry & Technologies organization within Lilly Research Laboratories is seeking a highly skilled protein biochemistry scientist to join the structural biology group based in San Diego. The successful candidate will be involved supporting drug discovery for numerous results-oriented drug discovery protein targets. Do you have experience in structural biology with a track record in protein purification for crystallography? You should demonstrate a solid record of high-impact publications and the ability to both lead and support cross-functional teams.**Some objectives of this role:**+ Ability to take on challenging protein and protein complexes for downstream design and development of purification processes for structural biology and various biochemical & biophysical assays.+ Collaborate with other structural biology scientists to devise and implement novel methods for the expression, purification, crystallization and structural determination of proteins and protein complexes+ Assume structural biology project leadership role for drug discovery targets with the goal of delivering novel protein structures, and work in tandem with chemistry leads to craft potent small molecules+ Apply expertise across our research functions to access technologies and develop collaborations that position projects for timely progressionAdditional Skills/Preferences :+ Bench scientist with strong leadership skills+ Excellent communication, planning, organizational and record keeping skills (with an attention to detail)+ Ability to influence scientific direction across sites and functions+ Expertise in protein crystallography, protein engineering, biophysical characterization, membrane protein crystallization, and cryo-EM sample preparation+ Highly proactive individual with the ability to thrive in a collaborative setting in a fast-paced drug discovery environment+ Experience in pharmaceutical drug discoveryEli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively "Lilly") are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.At Lilly we strive to ensure our employees are part of a team that cares about them and our shared purpose of making life better for those around the world. How do we do this? We continue to look for ways to include, innovate, accelerate and deliver while maintaining integrity, excellence and respect for people.? We hope that you seek to join us on our journey as we create medicine and deliver improved outcomes for patients across the globe!\#WeAreLilly
