Mercato connects independent food retailers with consumers and suppliers to streamline their business, increase sales, and lower operating costs.

Reporting to the VP of Engineering, the Data Engineer will own Mercato’s data warehouse, its design. The Data Engineer will implement and maintain custom ETLs.

You will be the first Data Engineer at Mercato and have opportunities to contribute to a variety of projects and technologies including analytics, ML modeling, tooling, services, and more.

You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in developing and maintaining data infrastructure to ensure your colleagues are empowered with reliable access to data.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with Product Management and Engineering to understand data needs, solve problems, and identify trends and opportunities.
Design, build and launch new data extraction, transformation, and loading processes in production.
Manage data warehouse plans for a group of products.
Work with data infrastructure to triage infrastructure issues and drive to resolution.
Build data expertise and own data quality for allocated areas of ownership.
Support existing processes running in production.
Requirements
Experience with custom ETL design, implementation and maintenance, including schema design and dimensional data modeling.
Significant experience with workflow management engines (i.e. Airflow, AWS Step Functions, etc).
Expert proficiency in any scripting language (Python, Node.js, R, etc.) and SQL.
Experience working with cloud or on-prem Big Data/MPP analytics platform (i.e., AWS Redshift or similar).
Ability to analyze data to identify deliverables, gaps, and inconsistencies.
Communication skills. A strong ability to identify and communicate data-driven insights.
Managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients.
4+ years experience working with either a Map Reduce or an MPP system.
Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously to find opportunities to deliver business impact.
Success Drivers And Competencies
Must be able to convey information in a clear, focused, and concise manner.
Experience in planning, coordinating, and executing multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to think creatively and work in a team environment.
Must work well in a dynamic environment and be able to recommend and implement process improvements, work independently, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously.
Passion for helping others.
Benefits

Mercato is an equal opportunity employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify, and build.

By submitting your resume and application information, you authorize Mercato to transmit and store your information in the Mercato group companies' nationwide recruitment database.

Compensation Commensurate With Experience.

Upbeat work environment at a company with a huge vision.
