Job Description
Job Title: Data Scientist
Location: San Diego, CA
FULLTIME ROLE

Overview:
We are looking for a hands-on research scientist with a good track record of experience in
applying machine learning methods towards solving real-world problems through
(Un)supervised Learning, Operations Research and Optimization Problems to name a few. You
will be joining an excellent, multidisciplinary team and will be participating in cutting-edge
work in data science. You will be providing quality answers to large-scale problems with broad
impact.

Responsibilities:
1. Conceptualize, design and develop prototypes which demonstrate the required
functionality rapidly
2. Understand the latest industrial and academic developments in AI/ML, and apply it to
create prototypes for demonstration.
3. Work with development teams to mature these algorithms into production quality
programs
4. Do applied research on a wide array of Operations research and machine learning
projects.

Desired candidate profile:
1. Degree in relevant field or considerable hands-on experience in data science algorithms
2. Basic understanding of Supervised learning, Unsupervised learning. Graph theory
knowledge is a plus
3. Basic knowledge in working with Deep Learning libraries such as Tensorflow or Pytorch
or Keras or Theano is a plus.

Basic Qualifications:
1. A good foundation in AI Methodologies like ML and Deep Learning. NLP, Computer
vision is a plus.
2. Very good python programming skills. Java programming skills a bonus
3. Detailed oriented and penchant for data quality control
4. Ability to Dig deeper into data, understand characteristics of data, evaluate alternate
models and validate hypothesis through theoretical and empirical approaches
5. Is a Self-Driven individual contributor who prefers working in an agile manner.
6. Ability to work independently and have ownership mentality
7. Innovation minded, highly capable to think systematically, capable of redefining the
solutions to overcome the competitors and solving problems.
8. Curious and willing to challenge existing solutions with innovative technology concepts.
Thanks,
Amit Sehdev
APN Software Services Inc.
Direct: 510-402-1061 | Fax: 510-623-5055 | Amit@apninc.com
“Ranked Top Work Places 2016”
“Certified Small and Minority Business”
“Ranked Top 50 Organizations for Diversity”
“Ranked Top Diversity Business”
