DO WORK THAT MATTERS

At Abbott, diverse ideas, perspectives, and expertise allow us to create the life-changing solutions that help people live healthier lives. In 150 countries and with businesses spanning nutrition, diagnostics, medical devices, and branded generic pharmaceuticals. Abbott offers you enormous opportunities to explore your interests and help you achieve your career and personal goals.

Abbott Rapid Diagnostics (formerly Alere) is part of Abbott’s Diagnostics family of businesses, bringing together exceptional teams of experts and industry leading technologies. The position of Scientist is within our Toxicology Business Unit located in San Diego, CA. In this role, you will responsible for research implementing strategies and tactics formulated to develop DOA assay. You will be a key player in Product Development within the R&D Discovery team
RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop new conjugation methods using colloidal gold, or other new detection materials with antibody, antigen, proteins, and chemicals. Modify current/existing conjuration methods to improve the performance and to support the production products.
Design experiments based on deliverables and plan activities to meet the project timelines.
Conduct complex experimentation including data collection, summary and thorough analysis, in support of department research projects and guidelines. Compose robust experimentation strategies that maximize effective use of resources and time to deliver optimum information.
Perform analytical test methods on the finished products based on CLSI and other FDA guidelines.
Participate as an integral member of the scientific staff in research strategy and methodology to resolve issues.
Provide recommendations and observations to scientific staff and management on results of projects/tasks. Play a key role in the research strategies and tactics for new or existing R&D projects.
Innovate research methods and product formulation to resolve problems and accomplish company objectives. Pro-actively recommend strategy to overcome hurdles.
Maintain records of laboratory activities and notebooks in a professional, accurate manner. May provide support to regulatory and intellectual property activities.
Transfer developed processes to the Manufacturing Team. Write and revise process document reports and transfer protocols.
Ability to create, review, and work with SOPs. MPs, and Batch Records.
Initiate literature review and searches to support ongoing research activities. Summarize findings in final form to management and recommend follow-up actions.
Generate oral and written reports and to summarize laboratory activities and projects per R&D manger’s request. Initiate communication with R&D manager and functions as necessary to coordinate other staffs’ activities effectively.
Monitor and maintain necessary laboratory supplies, with approval by senior department staff or R&D manager.
Work involving urine, blood or other potentially infectious materials may be required.
Knowledgeable of federal and other regulations, e.g. QSR’s, ISO, ISO 13485, CMDR
Operate complex laboratory equipment and perform routine maintenance and repair. Interface with contracted repair technicians as required. Understand theoretical basis for analytical instrumentation.
May functionally direct junior research staff, as required.
Demonstrates commitment to the development, implementation and effectiveness of Abbott Quality Management System per ISO, FDA, and other regulatory agencies.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

A minimum of 4-5 years (MS) or 1-3 years (PhD) in chemical science, or related discipline with substantial experience in conjugation, with skills and knowledge in the field of specialty described above.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Conduct technical tasks with expertise in various types of conjugation with antibodies, antigens, proteins, or chemicals and lead projects with minimal supervision.
Operate complex laboratory equipment and perform routine maintenance.
Ability to communicate and work with external and internal Abbott Rapid Diagnostic development partners, resource planning and management of time across multiple projects.
Must have a proven track record of problem solving skills and developing strategic solutions in product development to produce deliverables and meet timelines.
Ability to functionally direct and train junior research staff.
Ability to work well with global teams, including time-zone flexibility.
Excellent presentation, oral and written communication skills, computer skills with MS Office applications.
COMPETENCIES:

Teamwork
Communication
Results driven
Initiative
About Abbott

At Abbott, we're committed to helping people live their best
possible life through the power of health. For more than 125 years, we've
brought new products and technologies to the world -- in nutrition,
diagnostics, medical devices and branded generic pharmaceuticals -- that create
more possibilities for more people at all stages of life. Today, 99,000 of us
are working to help people live not just longer, but better, in the more than
150 countries we serve.


An equal opportunity employer, Abbott welcomes and
encourages diversity in our workforce. We provide reasonable accommodation to
qualified individuals with disabilities. To request accommodation, please send
an email to MyRecruiter@alere.com.
