Job Description:
At SDG&E, we are committed to the community we call home, delivering clean, safe and reliable energy to better the lives of the people we serve in San Diego and southern Orange counties. Our commitment means we are creating a sustainable future by providing almost 45 percent of its electricity from renewable sources; modernizing natural gas pipelines; accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles; supporting numerous non-profit partners; and, investing in innovative technologies to ensure safe and reliable operation of the region's infrastructure for generations to come.

Our highly trained and responsive employees with their diverse skills, talents and ideas are the reason we can deliver on our commitment and are building America's best energy company. They are also the reason why we have been recognized with the industry's most coveted awards. Our employees undertake challenging work and receive highly competitive compensation and benefits. As one of the region's largest employers, we're always searching for talented and bright people to join our team. After all, it takes the best to build the best.

Primary Purpose:

Provide high degree of analytical and computer systems expertise to obtain, review, analyze, edit and post energy consumption data in support of billing, load research and energy management programs. Serve as departmental representative on the use of computer systems (such as MV90) that deal with meter data collection, communication, analysis, quality assurance.

Responsibilities/Duties:
Assist in the development and documentation of new and improved data collection and communication systems as well as department operating systems, procedures and processes; work with other departments to streamline operations and resolve issues related to meter data systems and associated communication networks.
Conduct research on designated accounts; assemble appropriate data and provide load profile information for internal / external customers in accordance with applicable regulatory / legal requirements.
Investigate data irregularities on designated accounts; take independent action to resolve data quality and/or data transfer issues; work with meter services to collect required energy consumption data and ensure accurate and complete data transfer from electronic meter reading devices.
Monitor and ensure integrity of assigned electronic metering assets and, if necessary, issue orders for the maintenance / replacement of field meters and recorders.
Obtain, review and analyze interval energy consumption data, identify gaps and irregularities, investigate and resolve data discrepancies.

Qualifications:

Qualifications
Typically requires a degree in Business or Information Systems is desirable.
Knowledge of business practices, computer systems, specialized applications and data communications processes normally acquired through college level courses and 3-5 years experience in data systems operations, billing operations, electronic metering or a related revenue cycle or systems position.
Area of Interest:
Business Operations

Full-Time/Part-Time:
Full-time

Posting End Date:
Jul 16, 2020
