Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Principal Scientist is responsible for analytical development to support research and development, tech transfer and commercialization of drug substance and drug product processes, as well as oversight of batch testing/release and regulatory document contribution through managerial and individual input. In addition, s/he provides project management for analytical in support of Chemical and Product Development projects, provides analysis and evaluation of material and products at all stages of the development process, and monitors and evaluates completion of tasks and projects.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Plans and manages projects.
Represents Analytical Chemistry on cross-functional teams.
Maintains accountability for analytical deliverables and progress on R&D and manufacturing plans for all development projects.
Independently designs, plans and executes activities towards the goals of one or more analytical chemistry projects to support pre-clinical through commercial activities.
Supervises laboratory work and/or lab personnel and ensures safe laboratory practices.
Performs analytical development and optimizes methods in support of preclinical through commercialization.
Creates and implements novel ideas and techniques to support analytical activities with Chemical and Product Development.
Provides support for off-site analytical transfers, manufacturing support and interaction with contractors.
Provides input into CMC regulatory documentation and supporting work.
Provides effective supervision of laboratory personnel and guidance for their professional development.
Contributes to development of policies and department strategies.
Builds and enhances internal and external professional relationships.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA in Chemistry or related discipline and 8+ years of experience in the analytical/pharmaceutical development field. Experience in method transfer in Analytical Chemistry, OR
MS/MA in Chemistry or related discipline and 6+ years of experience, OR
PhD in Chemistry or related discipline and 4+ years of relevant experience; may include postdoc experience
Thorough understanding of analytical chemistry and a well-developed understanding of process chemistry as well as formulation development
Excellent interpersonal skills with strong oral and written communication abilities
Excellent laboratory and productivity skills
Method transfer experience in Analytical Chemistry
Good understanding of cGMP requirements in API and drug product
Demonstration of cross-functional understanding related to drug development
Assimilates data and research findings outside of Neurocrine for application to new scientific projects
Maintains broad knowledge of scientific principles and theories and possesses intellectual mastery of one or more scientific areas
May develop an understanding of other areas and related dependencies
Advanced knowledge and demonstrated ability working with / recommending a variety of laboratory equipment/tools.
Ability to work as part of and lead multiple teams
Exhibits leadership skill and ability, typically leads lower levels and/or indirect teams.
Excellent computer skills
Excellent communications, problem-solving, analytical thinking skills.
Sees broader picture, impact on multiple programs, teams and/or departments..
Ability to meet multiple deadlines across a variety of projects/programs, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency.
Excellent project management skills.
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
