Scientist V

10-Mar-2020

Company
General Atomics

Job Summary
General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Scientist to join the Fusion Technologies group in leading efforts on advanced plasma-based technologies. This position, with limited direction exercises considerable latitude for initiating and developing new projects and applications in a broad field. The position will involve reaching new markets and customers, initiating and performing projects (science, engineering and management), and developing new concepts.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Lead and organize projects supporting group’s activities in plasma-based technologies.
Reach out to new customers and organize proposals for new opportunities.
Coordinate experimental and modelling efforts with internal and external customers.
Provide guidance on scientific/engineering activities and leadership to mentor less experienced technical staff.
Participate in all group activities, including planning and allocation of technical resources to achieve group’s engineering and scientific goals.
Participation in experimental operation of related activities (e.g. diagnostics) in group’s projects.
Publish in recognized scientific journals, present work at international and national level, pursue research projects.
Perform other duties as assigned or required.
Job ID#
28202BR

Job Category
Scientists

Travel Percentage Required
0% - 25%

Full-Time/Part-Time
Full-Time Salary

State
California

City
San Diego

Clearance Required?
No

Title
Scientist

Job Qualifications
Typically requires a Bachelors degree, Masters degree or PhD in a scientific or related technical field and progressively complex scientific experience as follows; nine or more years experience with a Bachelors degree, seven or more years experience with a Masters degree, and four or more with a PhD. Equivalent scientific experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
Extensive experience with plasma physics, familiar with plasma diagnostics measurements, and data analysis for the design and evaluation of new concepts.
Must have; (1) an extensive technical expertise and application of scientific principles, concepts, theory, and practice; (2) have original work(s) published in professional scientific journals or formal technical equivalents.
Must possess the ability to; (1) understand new concepts quickly and apply them accurately throughout an evolving environment; (2) strong communication, computer, presentation, and interpersonal skills are required enabling an effective interface with other departments and/or professionals; (3) and, the capability of representing the organization as a prime technical contact; and, (4) and the ability to provide leadership and guidance to less experienced professionals.
Must also be customer focused and able to work both independently and in a team environment, along with the ability to work extended hours and travel as required.
US Citizenship Required?
No

Experience Level
Senior (8+ years)
