Manager, Digital Analytics

Summary

HP ships 4 products a minute, resulting from transactions in store, online, direct and via our broad commercial channel. This breadth is our strength and our opportunity. At HP we are committed to driving innovation not only in our products and services but also in sales motions and analytics. Come help us enhance our visibility and insights across this amazing breadth of customer touch-points.

We are looking for a dynamic leader with a high business acumen and advanced analytical mindset. A successful candidate will lead and develop the data scientists and analysts to drive digital analytics and data science best practices. This team will leverage business knowledge, rich data and advanced analytics to deliver deep business insights and impactful business strategies. These insights and strategies will drive our continued success across the dynamic omnichannel environment.

Responsibilities

Are you prepared to collaborate with internal stakeholders and channel partners to drive the data acquisition and analytics development of Digital Analytics? Partner with the analytics leaders across other disciplines such as Pricing and CRM, to drive E2E benefits?

Can you simplify the complexity for an Executive Audience:
Real-time Dashboards
Scenario Planning and Decision Making Tools
Triggers and Sales Automation
ROI based Optimization
Education and Experience Required
Minimum 5+ years experience leading media mix model development and delivery with supplier or internal consultancy.
Advanced degree or demonstrable equivalent with a focus in Data Science, Computer Science, Economics, Statistics, Applied Math, or any other related field
Minimum 5+ years experience in an Analytics leadership role. The candidate will also have experience working in market/business intelligence, strategic planning, project management, and cross-functional business experience
Prior work experience in leading international teams in multiple cultures
Knowledge and Skills
Superior strategic and analytical skills with ability to draw key insights and develop clear recommendations
Demonstrated leadership and influencing skills in a team setting, including extended teams where members are not direct reports
History of success building and developing high-performing analytics teams
Superior communication (written/verbal), presentation, and facilitation skills
Simultaneously managed multiple initiatives on current business as well as future strategy
Entrepreneurial spirit and ability to operate in a rapid growth environment
Solid references that validate results and leadership abilities within a Fortune 500 company

Leadership Traits Our Leaders embody the following
Imagine the Future:

The successful candidate will be a collaborative leader with a high degree of emotional intelligence who inspires, manages, and coaches people. He / She will have an inclusive style; they will build trust and foster teamwork. This person will also have a clear commitment to developing key talent and building future leaders. He / She empowers team members and fosters a culture of accountability.

About HP

Youre out to reimagine and reinvent whats possiblein your career as well as the world around you.

So are we. We love taking on tough challenges, disrupting the status quo, and creating whats next. Were in search of talented people who are inspired by big challenges, driven to learn and grow, and dedicated to making a meaningful difference.

We are 55,000 HP employees, united in creating technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Interested in joining us? Lets talk.
