Campus:
San Diego
Job ID:
7232
Job Title:
7232 Data Engineer (Analyst/Programmer - Career), Information Technology DevOps

Appointment Type:
Probationary
Time Base:
Full-Time

Date Posted:
March 9, 2020
Closing Date:
Open until filled
Benefits Link:
CSUEU (Unit 2, 5, 7, 9)
Link to Apply Online:
https://bfa.sdsu.edu/hr/jobs/job-opportunities.aspx
Campus Employment Homepage:
http://jobs.sdsu.edu
Description:
Position Summary

Under the direction of the Director of IT Computing Operations and DevOps, the incumbent will design, architect, develop, implement and maintain systems supporting the campus data lake and data warehouse environments. This position will develop data pipeline routines to support the ingestion and transformation of data into the campus data lake and data warehouse environments using Amazon Web Services (AWS) services such as Lake Formation, Glue, EMR, Redshift and tools such as Python and Spark. In addition, the incumbent will work with other team members to develop API solutions to support the exchange of campus data. This position will work closely with many campus departments to understand their data needs in order to increase data exchange, analysis and reporting capabilities.

For more information regarding the IT Division/IT Finance and Administration department, click here: https://it.sdsu.edu/

This is a full-time (1.0 time-base) benefits eligible, permanent (probationary) position. This position is designated exempt under FLSA and is not eligible for overtime compensation. Standard SDSU work hours are Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., but may vary based on operational needs.

Education and Experience

To enter this classification, a basic foundation of knowledge and skills in applications programming and systems analysis and related programming support functions is a prerequisite. This foundation would normally be obtained through a bachelor’s degree, preferably in computer science or business, or equivalent training and applied experience. Foundation knowledge and skills for the Analyst/Programmer, depending on the position assignment, may include working knowledge of a specific industry standard applications programming language and knowledge of standard systems analysis techniques.

Preferred Qualifications and Specialized Skills

B.S. in Computer Science, B.S in related course of study, or equivalent skills and experience
Experience working in a Higher Education environment
Minimum of two (2) years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS) database services: RDS, Aurora or Redshift
Experience with ETL
Proficiency with Spark in Python
Knowledge of database modeling and design in a data warehousing context
Proficiency with SQL
Experience working with visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI

Compensation and Benefits

Starting salary upon appointment not expected to exceed $8,333 per month. CSU Classification Salary Range: $4,372 - $10,792 per month. Salary placement is determined by the education, experience, and qualifications the candidate brings to the position, internal equity, and the hiring department’s fiscal resources.

San Diego State University offers a rich benefits package that constitutes a major portion of total compensation. For more information regarding SDSU benefits, please click here: https://bfa.sdsu.edu/hr/jobs/benefits

Supplemental Information

Initial review of the required application materials, including cover letters and resumes, will begin on March 19, 2020. To receive full consideration, apply by March 18, 2020. The position will remain open until filled.

The person holding this position is considered a ‘mandated reporter’ under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083 as a condition of employment.

San Diego State University is not a sponsoring agency for staff or management positions (e.g., H-1B visa). Applicants must currently be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. Offers of employment are contingent upon the presentation of documents that demonstrate a person's identity and authorization to work in the United States, which are consistent with the provisions of the Immigration Reform and Control Act.

A background check (including a criminal records check) must be completed satisfactorily before any candidate can be offered a position with the CSU. Failure to satisfactorily complete the background check may affect the application status of applicants or continued employment of current CSU employees who apply for the position.

SDSU is a smoke-free campus. For more information, please click here: https://smokefree.sdsu.edu/

SDSU is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against persons on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and expression, marital status, age, disability, pregnancy, medical condition, or covered veteran status.

Applicants with disabilities and applicants who require assistance completing an application may contact Recruiter at 619-594-6390.
