Position: Research Assistant / Associate Scientist
Function: Discovery Research
Company: Phanes Therapeutics, Inc.
Location: San Diego, CA

Phanes Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotech company focused on discovery and development of therapies for grievous diseases, including metabolic complications and oncology. The company is built for scientific innovation and we welcome people with the motivation and passion to join us to discover new medicines and improve healthcare. We believe that innovative thinking, seamless execution, teamwork, and integrity are key values for building success. Our mission is to relentlessly seek scientific and technological solutions to improve the lives of patients through creative work.

At Phanes, we understand that scientific innovation is a challenging task and thats why we need the most talented people to accomplish our mission. We are committed to fostering an innovative and fun working environment where scientists can pursue creative ideas and deliver results, because we know that our success depends on how to realize the true potential of our people. We offer competitive compensation and good healthcare benefits.

This position is for someone with a bachelors degree in biology/biochemistry or a related area and will work in our research site in San Diego. We are looking for a full time research assistant or associate scientist. He or she should have some basic training and knowledge in biochemistry, molecular biology, pharmacology or a related field. The candidate will have opportunities to learn and train in a laboratory to perform experiments under supervision and independently. Some understanding in molecular biology, biochemistry, cell culture, or purification of recombinant proteins is required. Laboratory experience is preferred. The candidate must be a team player and is expected to work with other scientific staff on discovery projects. This person must be willing to collaborate and communicate with other team members within the company.

Key responsibilities:

1. Help organize the lab with reagent ordering, inventory management, and other daily lab routines.

2. Tissue culture, cell transfections, protein purification, and/or routine molecular biology (PCR, gel electrophoresis, DNA preps) under supervision and independently.

3. Running enzyme and cell-based assays and routine analytic chemistry/biology assays.

4. Process data and generate study reports.

Qualifications:

1. A completed BS/MS in chemistry, biology, biochemistry, or related field with 0-3 years of experience.

2. Prior lab experience and experience in tissue culture, mammalian cell transfection, protein purification, ELISA and/or functional assays a plus.

3. Motivated to learn and to produce results.

4. Must be a team player and well organized.
