At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around
the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis,
Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-
changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and
management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy
and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first.
We re looking for people who are determined to make life better for people
around the world.

Basic_Qualifications
B.S. or higher in computer science related field or
B.S. in biology / chemistry or a related field with appropriate job-
related programming experience

Responsibilities

Lilly Discovery Chemistry is embarking on an exciting journey to change the way
we craft, build and execute research. With an aptitude for developing web
applications and an interest in using today's Technologies, you will contribute
to developing tools that support LIMS database development.

Are you seeking a career opportunity where you will utilize groundbreaking,
modern technology? Are you a creative, detail-oriented and organized
application developer with experience in bioinformatics/chemical informatics?
We are seeking a hardworking web application developer with database experience
to join the Structural Biology Laboratory Information Management System
(SBLIMS) team. The successful candidate will work with the SBLIMS team and
internal scientists to develop web-based tools to enhance laboratory processes
and data tracking. An ideal candidate would be able to design, develop, test,
and debug code through the entire development cycle.

Objectives/Deliverables
Develop web-based interfaces for data-entry and search features
Interact with scientists from multiple areas to gather specifications,
design solutions, and test the resulting interfaces
Work collaboratively with other team members to develop more complex
applications
Troubleshoot and migrate existing tools to newer technologies
Additional_Skills/Preferences
Post graduate relevant industry or academic experience preferred
Excellent interpersonal skills and a positive attitude with a desire to
learn
Demonstrated programming skills in PHP or Perl
Strong web skills in HTML, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, and CSS
Strong SQL and database skills, preferably with Oracle databases
Familiarity with Perl compatible regular expression (PCRE) syntax
Linux / Unix familiarity / Apache
Experience with SQL, Oracle PL/SQL, Oracle triggers
Experience with C#, Python, and/or TensorFlow
Ability to listen and gather requirements from scientists
Lab automation experience
Knowledge of biophysical methods, molecular biology, protein
purification, crystallography, or electron microscopy is a plus

Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries
(collectively Lilly ) are committed to help individuals with disabili
to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for
jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at
Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources
( ) for further assistance. Please
note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as
part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a
response.

Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the
basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender
identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status,
disability or any other legally protected status.
Show moreShow less
