Scientist (Translational Development) - San Diego, CA

Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following:
Generate testable hypotheses, design research protocols and execute experiments
Utilize genetic and pharmacological approaches to define the MOA of development compounds and combinations
Design and develop novel assays
Document, interpret and troubleshoot results
Convey data analysis and interpretation to supervisor and colleagues
Communicate with peers and supervisors and foster teamwork
Interface with computational biologists to interpret multi-omics data for supporting translational activities and biomarker selection
Contribute to collaborative efforts
Strong commitment to quality and reproducibility
Demonstrate adaptability
Requirements:
Ph.D. in Biomedicine, Cell Biology, Molecular Biology or related scientific discipline with at least 4 years of relevant laboratory work experience. Previous pharmaceutical industry experience, desired.
Advanced, current knowledge of oncology including disease biology and treatment approaches.
Expert in cell biology including concepts and pathways, and experimental methods such as cell culture and cell-based assays, FACS, ELISAs, Westerns, gene expression, microscopy, si/shRNA/CRISPR, and techniques for analysis of epigenetic control of expression.
Creativity and problem-solving skills; able to recognize patterns/trends in data and apply new research directions
Highly motivated and strong team player with a high degree of
Excellent time management and organizational skills
Strong communication skills, both written
The position presents a unique opportunity to experience research in an industry setting and to contribute to helping patients with unmet medical need, while maintaining a link to academic research (publication is encouraged).
For immediate consideration, apply today! Contact Toni for more information TONM369@kellyservices.com OR 714 454 8252

Why Kelly®?


Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interestsits the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
