BTS Research a well-established, diverse, stable yet growing CRO in beautiful San Diego is seeking a highly motivated, detail orientated, well organized, and skilled Research Scientist who loves overcoming challenges, enjoys creating and maintaining positive team relationships and shares our passion for innovation, quality work and producing results that will continue to lead BTS to the next level.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
Dedicated and able to successfully work in a fast-paced environment performing research efficiently and effectively to expedite contracted research studies and in-house drug discovery projects.
Experience in one or several of the following is required: Flow cytometry, ELISA, luminex, western blot, cell culture and cell biological in vitro assays such as chemotaxis, apoptosis, and proliferation assays, cell cycle analyses.
Skillful in immunological assays (Flow cytometry, ELISA, IHC, chemotaxis, apoptosis, chemotaxis, cell based assays, ADCC, CDC, dendritic cell preparation, T cell isolation, B cell isolation etc..).
Evaluation of activation markers by flow cytometry.
Skillful in mammalian cell signal transduction and establishment of cell based assays to evaluate the efficacy of therapeutic proteins that modulate the key points of cell metabolism or proliferation pathways.
Good tracking records in mammalian cell culture, protein expression, purification and characterization.
Experiences in assays related to immunology, angiogenesis, small animal testing for inflammation, immunity and anti-tumor proteins will be desirable.
Capable of supervision of associates and good team player.
Good record keeping and attention to detail essential.
Ability to design and carry out complex laboratory experiments and familiarity with research laboratory equipment.
Must be proficient with computers and software such as Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint.
Good communication and presentation skills; Good organizational and problem-solving skills.
Present and interpret study data in meetings, as well as in written documents and reports.
Contribute to and initiate scientific ideas in line with corporate and program goals.
Independently design and initiate studies within the overall context of on-going research projects.
Maintain close communication with the program leaders so as to adhere to program goals and time schedules.
Must be flexible and open to new tasks and challenges
Sound reasoning ability to prioritize, act and effectively work with other departments.
Able to multi-task and execute with precise attention to detail.
Good record keeping and attention to detail essential.
Must be proficient with computers and software such as Microsoft Word and Excel.
Excellent communication skills are a must; Good organizational and problem-solving skills
Most importantly we seek individuals who exemplify our BTS Team values:
Integrity
Teamwork
Accountability
Honest Communication
EDUCATION
BS, MS or Ph.D in immunology, cell biology, biochemistry, and related biological sciences with 3-5 years of biotech or pharmaceutical experience.

BTS OFFERS
Full time position with a competitive base salary.
Great benefit package after successful completion of 90-day probationary period.
Health & Dental
401K
Paid Time-Off
Above all a positive supportive company environment.
Must be eligible for work in the United States of America.
To join our team as a contributing member of our research programs targeted for discovery through IND send your Resume WITH Cover Letter, Salary History & Requirements, AND three (3) professional references (in Word or PDF format) to hr@btsresearch.com
