At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. Were looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.

Basic Qualifications :
Ph.D. in biological sciences (life sciences, molecular biology, protein biochemistry, protein engineering or related field); or
Master's Degree or Bachelor's Degree in biological sciences with at least 8 years of relevant post-graduate academic or industrial experience
Responsibilities :

The Discovery Chemistry & Technologies organization within Lilly Research Laboratories is seeking a highly skilled protein biochemistry scientist to join the structural biology group based in San Diego. The successful candidate will be involved supporting drug discovery for numerous results-oriented drug discovery protein targets. You should demonstrate a solid record of high-impact publications and the ability to both lead and support cross-functional teams.

Some objectives of this role:
Ability to take on challenging protein and protein complexes for downstream design and development of purification processes for structural biology and various biochemical & biophysical assays.
Collaborate with other structural biology scientists to devise and implement novel methods for the expression, purification, crystallization and structural determination of proteins and protein complexes
Assume structural biology project leadership role for drug discovery targets with the goal of delivering novel protein structures, and work in tandem with chemistry leads to craft potent small molecules
Apply expertise across our research functions to access technologies and develop collaborations that position projects for timely progression
Additional Skills/Preferences :
Experience in structural biology with a track record in protein purification for crystallography is essential
Bench scientist with strong leadership skills
Excellent communication, planning, organizational and record keeping skills (with an attention to detail)
Ability to influence scientific direction across sites and functions
Expertise in protein crystallography, protein engineering, biophysical characterization, membrane protein crystallization, and cryo-EM sample preparation
Highly proactive individual with the ability to thrive in a collaborative setting in a fast-paced drug discovery environment
Experience in pharmaceutical drug discovery

Eli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively Lilly) are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.

Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
