Job Description
Company Overview:

Vividion is a privately held biotechnology company based in San Diego that is leveraging an innovative and proprietary chemical proteomics platform to efficiently discover novel drugs in multiple areas including oncology and immunology. We aim to transform the future of human health through the creation of highly selective small molecule medicines that modulate undruggable targets. As an early stage startup company, Vividion is looking for energetic and experienced candidates with a desire to work in a fast-paced and dynamic team environment. We believe that the whole team contributes to the overall mission. We succeed as a team, and we grow as a team.

Job Summary:

A successful candidate will be expected to participate in multidisciplinary drug discovery teams providing input on drug metabolism issues and problem-solving to aid drug discovery efforts. The individual will make contributions to lead optimization programs and IND submissions. This individual will help design, execute, interpret and report studies involving small molecules delivered by a variety of routes in several pre-clinical species. In addition to determining the metabolic fate of these potential drug candidates, other parameters such as target engagement and pharmacodynamic endpoints are often tracked. Modeling human PK performance may also be involved.

Experience and education requirements:
Ph.D. in pharmacokinetics or a closely related discipline
0 - 7 years of experience in DMPK-related positions within a pharmaceutical or biotechnology company
An in-depth understanding of all aspects of DMPK with experience in drug discovery settings
The ability to work in team-based drug discovery/development environments is required
Must be able to design and perform both routine and mechanistic animal PK studies
Hands on experience with different biological samples and sample preparation techniques to generate qualitative and quantitative data along with operation of HPLC and LC/MS/MS instrumentation is highly desired
Experience with pre-clinical pharmacokinetic protocol design
Experience working with CRO’s
Additional experience with in vitro ADME, physico-chemical, isotope-based and metabolite ID studies is more preferred
Required Key Attributes:
Interpersonal skills that support team dynamics
Curiosity around outcomes and a willingness to dig deep into data
Solid problem-solving and effective communication skills
Focus and attention to details
Further Information:

In addition to a competitive compensation package with stock options, Vividion also offers a comprehensive benefits package for our employees and their families, which includes medical, dental, Vision, life, disability insurance. Vividion Therapeutics, Inc. is an EEO employer.

Powered by JazzHR

K2PZIVlrcL
