Janssen Research & Development, L.L.C., a division of Johnson
& Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a Scientist,
GPCR Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology to join the Discovery
Technologies & Molecular Pharmacology (DTMP) team, located in La Jolla, CA (San
Diego area).

At the
Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are working to
create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new and better
ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We bring
together the best minds and pursue the most promising science.

We are
Janssen. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Learn
more at www.janssen.com and
follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen Research & Development, LLC is
part of the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies.

We are currently seeking an
outstanding individual to join our Molecular and Cellular Pharmacology (MCP-LJ)
group in La Jolla, CA as a Scientist. The mission of the group is to provide
expertise in membrane targets pharmacology to all five Janssen Therapeutic Area
(TA) discovery teams.

The Scientist responsibilities
include, but are not limited to, the following:

+ The candidate will be a key member
of MCP-LJ and provide experimental support for programs from target nomination
through declaration of a clinical candidate

+ S/he will assist with the
characterization of novel membrane targets

+ Collaborate in a highly
multidisciplinary/matrix environment for the progression of drug discovery
projects

+ Design and perform advanced, complex
experimental troubleshooting and methods development to support GPCR projects
and other projects

+ Develop new biochemical and
cell-based assays to support lead identification, optimization and
understanding of mechanism-of-action (MOA)

+ Develop HTS-compatible assays and
contribute to hit finding plan strategy

+ Lead data analysis and reporting as
well as track and document assay performance

+ Provide critical analysis of
external literature relevant to project(s) and scientific field in general

+ Contribute substantively to patent
and publication preparation

+ Perform molecular biology and other
techniques as needed to understand MOA

+ Continually provide recommendations
to improve on process efficiency and research quality

Qualifications

Required
Qualifications:

+ A PhD in a related field is
required.

~ OR ~

+ A MS degree in a related field with a minimum
of 10 years of laboratory experience is required.

+ Post-doc
experience strongly is preferred

+ Prior
experience or expertise in G Protein-Coupled Receptors (GPCR) pharmacology,
with a deep understanding of the molecular determinants of activation,
allostery including biased signaling and its physiological consequences.

+ Highly
proficient in cellular plate-based assays preferably cutting-edge
approaches to dissect GPCR function including FRET-based binding assays,
BRET-based signaling biosensors, label-free technologies, and biophysical
approaches.

+ Good
organization skills with high level of initiative in performing and
troubleshooting experiments.

+ Ability
to multitask, work on multiple projects and be an integral member of
cross-functional project teams

+ Proven
verbal and written communication skills and ability to present results in
individual and group settings.

+ The
successful candidate will be an enthusiastic quick learner excited by a
role with high demands.

+ The
candidate should have a strong record of high impact publications

Preferred
Qualifications:

+ Experience and/or expertise in ion
channels, transporters or any other membrane targets drug targets classes.

+ Cell biology experience including
primary and immortalized cell culture and Crispr/Cas9 cell line engineering.

+ Good molecular biology experience
including molecular cloning, sequence and protein analyses, gene expression by
qPCR.

+ Expertise in design and use of viral
vectors for protein expression.

+ Experience in low to moderate
throughput compound screening preferred but not mandatory

This position will be located in La
Jolla, CA and may require up to 10% travel.

Johnson & Johnson is an
Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or
protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of
disability.

Primary Location

United States-California-San Diego-

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

9751200227
