Job Description
Are you an experienced Data Scientist with 2+ years’ experience who likes solving complex problems? Do you want to work for a rapidly-expanding technology division within a top Fortune 500 company that is driven by Data Science? Would you like to be part of a high caliber team who have access to huge volumes of real-time data?

An exciting, top Fortune 500 company in Sunnyvale is looking for a talented Data Scientists to join their growing team. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a vibrant company and work as part of a diverse and talented Data Science team.

As a Data Responsibilities will include:
Perform hands-on data exploration and modeling work on massive data sets.
Use data mining and machine learning techniques to develop robust models in areas such as segmentation and profiling, churn assessment, customer loyalty prediction, retention analysis, and product recommendation.
Pull data from warehouse, back-test models, perform feature engineering, compare model performances and communicate the results.
Architect, develop, and maintain data analytics platforms that visualize data and drive business insights that can be translated into product strategies and marketing decisions.
Research state of the art modeling techniques and implement them.
For this role you will need:
Technical expertise in data mining, machine learning, NLP, Information Retrieval, and statistical analysis.
Proficient in machine learning and data mining packages in R, Python, or Weka.
Experience working with large data sets and distributed computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, or Spark).
Expertise with shell scripting and automation.
Capabilities of managing end-to-end machine learning pipeline from data exploration, feature engineering, model building, performance evaluation, and online testing with big data set.
Experience with reporting tools such as Tableau and D3.js.
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics or related field; OR a Master’s degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Statistics or related field and 2 years of related experience.
Ability to work independently in a fast-paced, iterative development environment.
Exemplary communication skills, ability to work with large cross functional teams of technical and non-technical members.
Preferred Qualifications
Programming skills in one of the following languages: Java, Scala, C/C++ preferably on a UNIX or Linux platform.
Experience with ETL and Data-Warehouse.
Prior experience in eCommerce or Online Retail.
PROPRIUS is an AI Industry recruiting firm. We’re lucky enough to recruit the best candidates into the most exciting companies all over the United States. We deliver performance.
