Wood Environment & Infrastructure Solutions is seeking an Aquatic Scientist to join our team in San Diego, CA.
The ideal candidate will be team-oriented as well as self-directed and have recent experience participating in aquatic sciences-related projects in Southern California. Experience working as part of field teams and being knowledgeable in the collection of field data and the use of water and sediment quality collection instruments, and experience with scientific diving and boat operation is desirable. Strong writing skills are required. Proficiency with univariate and multivariate statistics, data management/ analysis software such as R and/or python, and GIS software ArcGIS and Esri is strongly preferred.
This position requires the candidate to have familiarity with the Clean Water Act Sections 401 and 404; NPDES programs; the Porter-Cologne Act; the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act; the Coastal Zone Management Act; Stormwater programs; and other applicable local, state, and federal regulations and guidance.
Key Responsibilities
Participating in field collection teams with senior scientists and other staff level scientists
Collecting water, sediment, and biological samples
Participating in dive surveys (when necessary)
Operating field collection equipment and boats (e.g. sediment and water samplers, water quality instruments)
Recording field measurements and preparing field reports
Managing and analyzing field collected data
Analyzing laboratory chemistry results
Preparing report text and maps, data tables, and conducting statistical analyses of field collected and laboratory data
Participating in regional scientific organizations

1-5 years of related work experience
BS or MS in Aquatic Sciences, Marine Biology, Toxicology, Chemistry, Ecology, or Watershed Management
Familiarity with Southern California Aquatic Environments

Wood is a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and industrial markets. We operate in more than 60 countries, employing around 60,000 people, with revenues of over $10 billion. We provide performance-driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets, including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear, and general industrial sectors. www.woodplc.com

We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws.
