Our client is seeking a Sr. Data Scientist to join their team. This will join their RD Team working on projects ranging from AWS cloud to Artificial Intelligence to Machine Learning to Web to Mobile. They are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist who really understands data pipelines, data statisticsvisualization, and machine learning. All candidates must be authorized to work in USA. Primarily remote, but would like someone to come into the San Diego office at least 1 day per week. So must be close enough to travel one day per week. 12 month+ contract with high potential to convert to full time. Position Summary We are focused on finding a Data Scientist who is a quick and voracious learner, open minded, curious, and loves the process of collecting processing augmenting statistically modeling and organizing data. Candidates should have advanced skills in Python. This position is responsible for helping define our dataset creation, working on data ingestion pipeline, cleaning, augmentation, database development such that subsets associated with specific metadata can be accessed, statistical modeling of the data, and ultimately assisting in the model developmenttesting, and visualizations. As our dataset includes videoaudio data, a background in imageaudio processing is key. Minimum Qualifications BS or MS in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science wMachine Learning, or a related quantitative field You have 3+ years of related experience as a Data Scientist, with a proven record of analysis and research that positively impacts your team Solid background in at least one area of machine learning andor AI research Experienced in developing tools to ingest, merge, and clean data sets Experienced using scripting languages on a daily basis (SQL, Python, etc.) Proficient with common data science toolkits, such as Pandas, TensorFlow, NumPy. Proficient with visualization softwaretools such as Python, R, D3.js, Spotfire, Tableau, etc. and creating strategy recommendations Experienced building data science models (Regression, Decision Trees, K-Means, Segmentations, etc.) Experienced dealing with large data sets (especially visual data) Knowledge of traditional NLP applications such as entity extraction, document classification, TFIDF, tokenization, and topic modeling. Knowledge of modern NLP techniques such as Word2Vec, RNNs, CNNs, LSTMs, and Transformers. Knowledge and experience with ontologies, taxonomies, semantic meaning representation frameworks and other relations between concepts. Experience with machine learning algorithms, including random forest, SVM, boosting, neural networks, etc. andor Natural Language. Experience with source code control (Git) You possess excellent communication skills and the ability to clearly communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience.
