Big Data Engineer

Full-Time. Multiple Locations

Annual Salary Range: Based on experience

Full benefits including:

Medical/Dental/Vision /Paid travel/Paid Time Off/ 401(k) savings plan

Who We Are:

Enhance IT is an IT/Management firm that specializes in continued education, placement and IT consultation. We are an industry leader in providing top-level skilled and experienced consultants in a variety of technologies to meet our client’s needs in today’s fast paced environment.

What you will be doing:

You will be joining our growing team of analytics experts. We want individuals who are comfortable asking “why”. The ideal candidate is a data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up. The right candidate will be excited by the prospect of optimizing or even re-designing a company’s data architecture to support next generation and data initiatives. They must be self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products. They are a team player possessing strong analytical as well as technical skills and are able to communicate the logic behind technical decisions to non-tech stakeholders.

What you need for this position:
Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in a similar Big Data Engineer role.
Demonstrated ability to build processes that support data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams
Working SQL knowledge with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Bonus points:
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Object-oriented/Object function scripting languages such as Python, Scala, etc.
Job Type: Full-time

Work Location:
Multiple locations
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
