????????????????????????Hi Folks ,

Greetings from Logic Planet,

We are pleased t introduce you Logic Planet as a leading recruitment and staffing company,

Regarding I have an exciting new opportunity???s that I wanted to share with you and your network. Our top client, located San Diego, CA is currently seekingData Engineer. Joins their organization. I have included a complete job description below in case you or someone you know might be interested in learning more

Job Title: Data Engineer
Location: San Diego, CA
Work Authorizations: Authorized to Work
Position Type: Contract
No: of Positions: 1
Position Start Date:
Duration: 6+ Months
Primary Skills: ETL, Date warehousing, SQL
Secondary Skills:
Description:

Roles and Responsibility:-

??? Interfacing with business customers, gathering requirements and developing new datasets in data platform

??? Building and migrating the complex ETL pipelines from on premise system to cloud

??? Identifying the data quality issues to address them immediately to provide great user experience

??? Extracting and combining data from various heterogeneous data sources

??? Designing, implementing and supporting a platform that can provide ad-hoc access to large datasets

Basic Qualifications:

??? Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, or related field

3+ years relevant experience in data engineering.

??? Demonstrated ability in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing.

Advanced SQL experience is a must

??? Data Warehousing Experience with SQL Server.

??? Experience with Big Data Technologies (NoSQL databases, Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, Elastic Search etc.)

??? Experience in using .Net , C# and/or other data engineering languages

??? Knowledge and experience of SQL Sever and SSIS.

Preferred Qualifications:

??? Industry experience as a Data Engineer or related specialty (e.g., Software Engineer, Business Intelligence Engineer, Data Scientist) with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets.

??? Experience building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets

??? Experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple focus.

Regards,

Vinay

Logic Planet Inc
4525 Route 27,Princeton, NJ 08540

Ph: 732 512 0009 Ext: 134 Direct : 609 256 4342
Email: vinay@logicplanet.com | www.logicplanet.com

Certified Minority Women Based Enterprise

18 years in IT. 300 employees. $30M in revenues
