At Lilly, we unite caring with discovery to make life better for people around the world. We are a global healthcare leader headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Our 39,000 employees around the world work to discover and bring life-changing medicines to those who need them, improve the understanding and management of disease, and give back to our communities through philanthropy and volunteerism. We give our best effort to our work, and we put people first. We're looking for people who are determined to make life better for people around the world.Basic Qualifications :+ Ph.D. in biological sciences related field (life sciences, molecular biology, biochemistry, etc.)+ Or B.S./B.A. in biological sciences (life sciences, molecular biology, biochemistry, or similar field) with at least 8 years post-graduate relevant academic or industrial experienceResponsibilities :For more than 140 years, Eli Lilly has been dedicated to meeting the health care needs of people around the world. We address these needs primarily by developing innovative medicines-investing heavily in research and development. Lilly credits its exceptional employees for its success, and recognizes that the key to ongoing achievement lies in attracting and retaining the best people.The Discovery Chemistry & Technologies organization within Lilly Research Laboratories is a diverse and dynamic group seeking a highly skilled scientist to join the structural biology team based. You will be involved supporting drug discovery for numerous challenging protein projects. The primary focus will be to play a key role in the development and deployment of methodologies to accelerate X-ray crystallography of protein targets. Broad experience with proteins, along with a proven track record of structural determination is required. Experience with computational approaches to structure-based drug design is preferred. Do you have extensive experience in drug discovery and computational approaches to small molecule drug design? This could be the team for you.**Key Objectives/Deliverables in this role:**+ Strong crystallographer and crystallizer with the capability to lead multiple gene-to-structure efforts in parallel, with the goal of delivering novel protein structures for the optimization of small molecules+ Ability to take on results-oriented protein projects and achieve success through innovative ways+ Devise and implement novel methods for the expression, purification, crystallization and structural determination of small molecule protein complexes, integral membrane proteins and nucleic acid protein complexes+ Work collaboratively with groups within structural biology as a member of larger group of scientists that may include synthetic chemists, computational chemists, biologists, enzymologists, and ADME scientists+ Tap into expertise across Lilly to access technologies and develop collaborations that position projects for expedited progressionAdditional Skills/Preferences :+ Proficiency in basic organic chemistry, and ability to influence small molecule drug design+ Familiarity with biophysical techniques that are complementary to, or support x-ray crystallography+ Excellent interpersonal skills and a positive attitude+ Strong leadership skills with proven ability to lead through example+ Excellent communication, planning, organizational and record keeping skills (attention to detail)+ Skill to influence scientific direction across sites and functions+ Highly motivated individual with the ability to thrive in a team-oriented setting in a fast-paced drug discovery environment+ Coordinate with project teams and structural biology colleagues across Lilly sitesEli Lilly and Company, Lilly USA, LLC and our wholly owned subsidiaries (collectively "Lilly") are committed to help individuals with disabilities to participate in the workforce and ensure equal opportunity to compete for jobs. If you require an accommodation to submit a resume for positions at Lilly, please email Lilly Human Resources ( Lilly_Recruiting_Compliance@lists.lilly.com ) for further assistance. Please note This email address is intended for use only to request an accommodation as part of the application process. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.Lilly is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.At Lilly we strive to ensure our employees are part of a team that cares about them and our shared purpose of making life better for those around the world. How do we do this? We continue to look for ways to include, innovate, accelerate and deliver while maintaining integrity, excellence and respect for people.? We hope that you seek to join us on our journey as we create medicine and deliver improved outcomes for patients across the globe!\#WeAreLilly
