Peraton is seeking a Computer Scientist for a large, complex program involving multiple systems in a naval aviation logistics environment, developing and engineering condition-based maintenance solutions. This position is contingent upon contract award.

What you’ll do…
Perform systems level integration and diagnose and resolve configuration issues.
Innovate and integrate data analytics into solutions to improve overall efficiency.
Develop optimized solutions using historical and real-time performance data.
Interface with other system support groups to resolve problems, set standards, and improve overall efficiency of the condition based maintenance solutions.
Develop detailed plans for the implementation, testing, and integration of new optimized solutions leveraging data analytics.

You’d be a great fit if…
You have at minimum a Bachelors degree in a technical discipline with at least 5 years of related experience.
You have one of the following certifications that qualifies you for the IAT level II baseline certification: CCNA Security, Security+ CE, GSEC, GICSP OR SSCP.
You have 5+ years of demonstrated experience working in a naval aviation logistics environment developing and engineering condition based maintenance solutions.
You possess at least a Secret security clearance.
It’d be even better if you…
Have experience with the over-arching, end-to-end, naval aviation maintenance processes, as well as a demonstrated understanding of the platform data from Optimized Organizational Maintenance Activity (OOMA), Decision Knowledge Programming for Logistics Analysis and Technical Evaluation (DECKPLATE), Structural Appraisal of Fatigue Effects (SAFE), Reliability and Maintainability Information Systems (REMIS), and Joint Technical Data Exchange (JTDI).
Independently composed and delivered reports and presentations of the highest professional quality
What you’ll get…
An immediately-vested 401(K) with employer matching
Rapid PTO accrual schedule with floating holidays
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Tuition assistance, financing, and refinancing
Paid maternity and paternity leave
Company-paid infertility treatments
Cross-training and professional development opportunities
The ability to influence major initiatives
SECURITY CLEARANCE
This position requires the candidate to have and maintain a Secret security clearance. In order to obtain a clearance, you need to be a US Citizen and show proof of citizenship.

At Peraton, we’re at the forefront of delivering the next breakthrough in national security, every day. We’re the partner of choice to help solve some of the world’s most daunting challenges. How? By thinking differently. We’re not mired in the past. We look at all problems with fresh eyes. We look past the obvious to bring the best talent, tech, and ideas together to completely transform how problems are solved. So bring your unique ideas, your entrepreneurial spirit, and your drive to succeed. Get ready to be part of something bigger. Get ready to do the can’t be done.

We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.
