BioDuro- in pursuit of your success. This is our approach to customer service and to employee relations. Our clients and our employees benefit from our ability to balance quality, reliability and scientific rigor with speed, flexibility and creativity. This collaborative environment enables fast and informed decision making at every stage. Founded on a personal mission and embedded in everything we do, is the reality that the product we help create has the potential to cure patients.
Position Summary:
The Analytical Development Associate Scientist facilitates and assists in execution of systems to assure cGMP compliance for all relevant operations carried out within and for BioDuro, LLC. Responsible for performing pharmaceutical formulation sample and finished product analysis testing and basic validation experiments using different analytical instruments (HPLC, Dissolution, and KF) and general laboratory duties.
Essential Job Functions:
Performs analysis for formulation samples, drug product, release testing and stability testing.
Follows methods, Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), protocols and other instructions from management
Works with analytical methods and protocols and performs advanced testing and experiments accurately with technical guidance from senior scientists, consistently, and in a timely manner
Practices good notebook keeping and labeling practices
Performs data analysis using Empower and other necessary tools
Assists other AD Chemists with method validation and other analytical projects
Complies with all laboratory safety guidelines including Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Maintains general cleanliness of the lab, including personal bench space and common use areas
All other tasks and duties assigned as perceived and agreed upon by senior management
Knowledge and Skills Required:
Education:
BS degree in Chemistry or a related scientific discipline
Experience:
1-2 years’ of full time experience in chemistry and quality control and/or laboratory positions.
HPLC/UV, Dissolution, KF
Full computer literacy and knowledge of basic scientific principles and practices.
We are located in beautiful Torrey Pines and offer competitive salaries and full benefits, including free catered lunch every day. Qualified and interested candidates should send a resume with salary requirements when applying. We appreciate your interest. Visit us at www.bioduro.com to learn more. We value diversity and are proud to provide a workplace free from harassment and discrimination. EOE
Powered by JazzHR

Job Type: Full-time
