Research Scientist

Expesicor is seeking an energetic and highly motivated scientist in San Diego, CA to support our therapeutics development program for treatment of disorders of the central nervous system. The successful candidate will be working in a creative, dynamic environment, working closely with internal staff, collaborators, and contractors. Candidates must have demonstrated experience in mammalian tissue culture and experience with protein purification/chemistry is strongly desired

NOTE: Only full applications submitted through https://www.expesicor.com/jobs/research-scientist-san-diego/ will be accepted.

What are your job responsibilities?

Responsibilities will generally revolve around engineering cell lines for protein production, supporting protein production efforts, and executing on quality control and cell-based assay development. The candidate will also be involved in drug discovery efforts and assay development for disease screening. Specific duties can include, but are not limited to, the following:
Design and express recombinant proteins using eukaryotic and/or prokaryotic expression systems in vitro and/or in vivo.
Perform small to mid-scale protein expression, purification and characterization
Optimization of protein expression and protein function through molecular engineering approaches
Contribute to the development of novel applications
Initiate, execute, and manage protocol creation, evolution, and documentation
Routinely track and document results in laboratory notebooks, databases and technical reports.
Analyze, summarize, and present experimental results to manager and other team members (including formal presentations and promotional material)
Ability to work in a collaborative and dynamic interdisciplinary environment consisting of biologists, chemists, mathematicians, statisticians, and engineers.
Quickly adapt to evolving research needs, rapidly acquire new scientific knowledge and stay informed on new technologies.
What education and experience do you need?
BS, MS or PhD in life sciences or chemistry or the equivalent. Salary will be commensurate with experience and training.
3+ years’ experience in basic mammalian tissue culture.
Experience in biophysical/biochemical protein characterization (Western blot, SDS-PAGE, mass spectrometry and chromatography).
Demonstrated independent thought/creativity in science.
Excellent collaboration, organizational, communication (oral and written) and multitasking skills.
Ability to work flexible hours to meet project timelines.
Strong evidence of scientific productivity. This is NOT limited to publications alone.
Preferred secondary skills and experience of interest:
Hands-on experience in recombinant protein expression in Prokaryotic (E-coli) and Eukaryotic (baculoviral/mammalian) expression systems.
Knowledge of large molecular therapeutic drug development (working understanding of neuro applications considered favorably).
Stable cell line generation and clone generation/selection.
Grant writing experience.
Experience with animal models of disease and evaluation of therapeutic intervention.
Molecular biology experience with emphasis on cloning, transfection and biochemical validation.
The ideal candidate will have:
Ability to proactively seek out and implement new technologies to improve expression and purification of proteins for biochemical and structural efforts.
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to work independently and as part of a team, self-motivation, adaptability, and a positive attitude
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Experience in developing methods for biotherapeutic development and assessment, especially in neuro
Knowledge of state-of-the-art protein analytics techniques.
Experience with a variety of the following protein analytical techniques: liquid chromatography (HPLC, UHPLC), electrophoretic methods (CE, iCE, CGE, SDS-PAGE), chip technologies, and familiarity with LC/MS.
Ability to work in diverse expression systems – e.g., yeast or insect.
This position is full-time and salaried. Hours may vary as needed for research demands.
Curriculum Vitae or NIH biosketch
Cover Letter – may include information on underrepresented status
Statement of Research - may be included as part of a personal statement in CV or biosketch
Expesicor is an equal-opportunity employer. For more information regarding Expesicor’s interest in diversity in the biomedical workplace, please refer to the office NIH statement on interest in diversity (https://grants.nih.gov/grants/guide/notice-files/NOT-OD-18-210.html).

NOTE: Only full applications submitted through https://www.expesicor.com/jobs/research-scientist-san-diego/ will be accepted.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $85,000.00 per year

Experience:
laboratory based: 5 years (Preferred)
research: 6 years (Preferred)
hands-on, wet-lab: 3 years (Preferred)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Flexible schedule
Company's website:
expesicor.com
