Potomac Management Solutions is looking for a Data Analyst III to provide services for a projected need at the DEA.

Travel: Contractor employees supporting this contract may be assigned to offices located at DEA headquarters in Arlington, Virginia (Crystal City); offices in the Washington, D.C. commuting area; or DEA field offices located throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. DEA has 39 domestic offices in 23 Divisions. Those Divisions are as follows: Atlanta, GA; Caribbean; Chicago, IL; Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; El Paso, TX; Houston, TX; Los Angeles, CA; Louisville, KY; Miami, FL; New England; New Jersey; New Orleans, LA; New York, NY; Omaha, NE; Philadelphia, PA; Phoenix, AZ; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Seattle, WA; St. Louis, MO; and Washington, DC.

Schedule: Full Time

Functional Responsibilities: Works with minimal direction on analysis assignments; identifies potential problems and solutions through data analysis, reduction, and entry; provides technical and administrative assistance to project leaders and program managers. May include providing administrative support to Tactical Diversion Squads and Diversion Groups as follows: perform a range of general administrative support activities; develop spreadsheets, tracking databases, reports, and presentations ensuring information is accurate; and support of investigations and projects by researching and consolidating information from various data sources/systems. Provides technical guidance to other staff members. Performs other duties as assigned.

Minimum Education: Associate’s Degree or equivalent

General Experience: Must have a minimum of 2-3 years of experience as an analyst and must be proficient in the Microsoft Office suite and general information technology systems and communications tools.

If you do not find interest in this opportunity but know of someone who may, we kindly ask that you refer the individual to Potomac Management Solutions by forwarding this job posting.

Potomac Management Solutions, LLC (PMS) specializes in Human Resources/Staffing, Program Operations, Administration, Health Systems Management and Federal Law Enforcement Support. We understand the fundamental component of commercial services as well as state/federal contract management - transforming mission objectives into programs that efficiently support and deliver quality products & services.

In conformity with applicable laws, Potomac Management Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, or status as a disabled veteran, a Vietnam Era veteran, a veteran who has served on active duty for which a campaign badge was authorized, or a newly separated veteran.
