Bioinformatics scientist positions available at Monoceros Biosystems
Who are we *
** Monoceros Biosystems is a rapidly growing bioinformatics consulting company that provides services to small and established drug discovery companies, as well as biotechnology investment firms. To support our explosive growth, we are looking for strong bioinformatics/computational biology scientists to join our team of seasoned drug hunters.
Job Description *
** We are looking for Bioinformatics Scientists to help us support a growing number of biotechnology and pharma clients. The ideal candidate for this role has experience analyzing Next Generation Sequencing Data from various ‘omic types, is able to quickly adapt to new research areas, and can clearly articulate scientific and bioinformatic concepts to non-bioinformaticians. This role will include bioinformatics support of drug discovery teams, design and analysis of omics experiments, and discovery of novel drug targets and biomarkers (i.e. pharmacodynamics, mechanism of actions, and drug response). In addition to client support, this position will benefit from further training and mentoring from experienced industry veterans. This is an exceptional opportunity for bright scientists to learn about bioinformatics approaches applied to industrial research and to work on a broad variety of drug discovery projects with multiple modalities and therapeutic areas.
Background experience & complementary knowledge *
PhD in Computational biology, Bioinformatics, Genetics or related discipline
Previous experience with NGS platforms required
Strong background in statistical methods including multivariate statistics required
Fluency in R, linux/unix and at least one programming language (e.g. Python) is essential
Excellent communication skills (oral, written, presentations) required
Good productivity, strong work ethic and ability to finish tasks on time are essential
Experience with metabolomic and proteomic analyses is a plus
Experience with analysis of large datasets preferred
Benefits and Compensation *
Competitive benefits including health, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance
401k plan and potential yearly bonus contribution
Ability to work remotely
Flexible working hours enable crafting your own work schedule
Full time employees work a minimum of 30 hours per week, with extra time paid as bonus income
This position is located in San Diego, but exceptional candidates from other regions may also be considered.

Monoceros Biosystems is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, gender identity, sexual orientation or genetic information.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $73,781.00 - $152,963.00 per year

Experience:
R: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
Linux: 1 year (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Work from home
Flexible schedule
Parental leave
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
https://www.monocerosbio.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Yes
