Job Description
Our client, a leading innovator in the microbial animal feed space, is seeking a Senior Bioprocess Scientist with extensive experience in fermentation process development and scale-up.

Our client's proprietary technology identifies novel microbes with the potential to profoundly impact animal health and productivity. A key component of this technology is a scalable fermentation, formulation, and stabilization process, which the Senior Bioprocess Engineer will be responsible for implementing at the manufacturing scale.

Major Responsibilities:
Cross-departmental collaboration with the fermentation research team to design, execute, and analyze bench-scale experiments to de-risk the scale-up of fermentation processes in novel microbial isolates.
Overseeing capital projects required to enable processes with CMO Partners
Transferring and support of production processes at contract manufacturing site(s).
Identifying and implementing opportunities to improve commercial processes to reduce the cost of goods sold and enhance product quality.
Required Qualifications:
B.S. in Chemical, Mechanical, or Biological Engineering and 8+ years' experience in fermentation process engineering
OR
M.S. in Chemical, Mechanical, or Biological Engineering and 5+ years' experience in fermentation process engineering.
Strong Knowledge in US food/feed GMP and FSMA requirements
Excellent understanding of microbiology is required
Proven skill and experience in microbial fermentation scaleup and scaledown methods
Demonstrable aptitude in automated fermentation data acquisition and visualization
Preferred Qualifications:
Previous experience with downstream unit operations such as filtration, centrifugation, spray drying, and freeze-drying is preferred.
Experience with SuperPro or similar bioprocess modeling software preferred.
Experience with live microbial formulation and stabilization processes is a plus.
Experience with aerobic and obligate anaerobic strain cultivation processes is a plus.
P.E. licensure is a (small) plus.
Other Requirements
May be required to travel up to 25% of the time.
Should be capable of walking, bending, and prolonged sitting and/or standing during work hours.
Job is located in San Diego, CA. Relocation will be considered.
Excellent Medical/Dental/Vision Benefits + Matched 401(k) + Relocation Package + Bonus

Interested?

Apply here or send your resume to dani@pavetalent.com
