At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Bristol Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company committed to transforming patients’ lives through science. At the core of that mission are the talented individuals who contribute their “unique” skillsets to help us drive innovation and deliver truly life-changing drugs for our patients. As we continue to pursue that mission, we’re looking for talented professionals like you to join our team. What unique gene will you bring?

Position Summary:

This role is accountable for the development, support, and evolution of analytic and data supply chain capabilities in partnership with Research and Early Development computational scientists in the Informatics and Predictive Sciences organization. In partnership with the IPS IT Business partner and cross-functional scientific teams, the director will be responsible for delivering life science data to computational scientists using advanced analytics to evaluate target selection, patient profiles, biological pathways, genetic expression, molecular design, and other parameters used to predict and design safe and efficacious therapeutics for serious diseases. The incumbent will also be tasked with orchestrating cross-functional IT development teams to ensure adherence to enterprise information, data, security, and solution architecture principles, guidelines, standards, and best practices. This role also drives implementation of and adherence to R&ED data models, data governance and/or data use policies in partnership with business data owners and data custodians.

Responsibilities:
Accountable for delivery and support of strategically and/or tactically aligned analytics and/or data solutions in support of R&ED business needs.
Responsible for Enterprise Information Management group relationship with R&ED Informatics and Predictive Sciences leaders, staff, and embedded analytic teams.
Facilitates development of analytic and data capability strategic roadmaps across analytic delivery teams, information architecture teams, and IT solution delivery teams.
Accountable for development of business case and/or investment justifications, where necessary and appropriate.
Responsible for managing IT budget and resources deployed to support Informatics and Predictive Sciences
Accountable for creation and maintenance of data acquisition/operational focused capabilities including: Business Data Catalog; Business Glossary; Semantic Ontologies; User Access Request/Tracking; Data Use Request/Tracking; and Enforcement of Business Data Governance/Data Use Policies.
Key Competencies:

Required:
10+ years’ experience in an information technology related field within the life sciences industry delivering and supporting analytics solutions, data management solutions, and/or other data management related discipline.
Demonstrated subject matter expertise in one or more life science data domains including molecular biology, cellular biology, genomics, chemistry, translational medicine, or clinical research.
Deep knowledge and experience with R&D data types, data models, and data flows for integrated analytics, and associated rapid delivery technologies and techniques.
Demonstrated knowledge and experience designing and creating scientific computing environments, and the specific needs of R&D computational scientists.
Experience leading teams through either direct report relationships and/or contractor/partner relationships within a highly matrixed environment
Ideal Candidates Would Also Have:
Experience deploying or supporting contemporary data analytics solutions and other data management capabilities in both cloud-based and on-premise environments.
Experience establishing knowledge management platforms and technologies, including semantic ontologies and knowledge graphs for life science
Experience collaborating within a globally dispersed, life science data team.
Advanced degree in a life science discipline, MS or Ph.D., is a plus.
Other Qualifications:
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Life Science, Computational Science, Computer Science, Information Systems, Computer Engineering or equivalent experience is required.
Demonstrated competency in inter-personal communications, change agility, and cross-functional partner relationships.
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
