Data Engineer

Prescient Holdings Group, LLC is looking for extraordinary people to join our team!

Prescient Holdings Group (PHG) is a healthcare company providing pharmaceutical management solutions to payers, patients, and providers. We are focused on developing the most effective strategies for optimizing drug access and spend through our suite of formulary and rebate services. PHG is currently searching for a dynamic addition to its team. If you’re interested in a career within a customer-focused, team-oriented environment that rewards innovation, quality, integrity and collaboration, we welcome your application.

Why join Prescient? Because our success is dependent on you; innovative professionals with top notch skills who thrive on opportunity, high performance, and teamwork. We look for individuals who want to work on a team that cares about making a difference in the value of healthcare.

The Scoop:

Using industry best practices for data architecture and management, the Data Engineer plans, designs, and optimizes custom application databases. Such activities involve understanding of the business processes the application data supports, interacting with development teams and end-users to determine application data access requirements, transaction rates, volume analysis, data modification/transformation needs, and other pertinent data required to maintain integrated databases and support business processes. Designs data access methodologies for optimal use of the data environments. Makes recommendations on and implements data-driven tuning exercises.

What You Get To Do:
Analyzes, designs and develops enterprise data and information architecture
Creates conceptual, logical, and physical data models
Develops ETL processes to automate data ingestion and processing
Serves as database subject matter expert (SME); assists developers and analytics staff with SQL Queries as well as stored procedures
Organizes data and tune data environments for optimal performance while managing cloud compute and storage costs
Establishes data standards and ensure data quality
Supports data cataloging and data governance activities
Works within Azure Cloud environment
Mentors software engineers on best practices related to data access and management
What You Need:

Education and/or Experience
For consideration, candidates will need a Bachelor's degree (or equivalent combination of education and experience) along with at least eight (8) plus years’ related experience
Prior experience in PBM, pharmaceutical or managed health care industry preferred
Computer Skills

To perform this job successfully, an individual must have:
Hands on experience developing complex SQL queries and stored procedures (T-SQL)
Experience developing data ingestion and processing solutions (ETL using SSIS)
Experience creating conceptual, logical, and physical data models
Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server best practices
Familiarity with Microsoft Azure services (Azure SQL, Data Factory, Data Lake Store, Power BI)
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
None required
Azure Data Engineer Associate certification is highly desired
Other Skills and Abilities
Experience with healthcare data (drug information, formulary, etc.)
Knowledge of HIPAA standards
Working knowledge of database and data-access concepts
Proficiency in identifying data patterns, trends and anomalies
Understanding of web applications and/or other distributed application architectures
Knowledge of SQL Server performance tuning, key configuration parameters, and version features
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Requirements gathering and analysis
Proven experience promoting process improvement
Familiarity with software development fundamentals
Good verbal/writing communication as well as interpersonal skills
Travel - This position may require occasional domestic travel and attendance maybe required at various local conferences and meetings.

The Perks:

Medical / Dental / Vision / Wellness Programs

Paid Time Off / Company Paid Holidays

401K with Company match

Life and Disability Insurance

Tuition Reimbursement

Employee Referral Bonus

This position is eligible for Employee Referral Bonus at Level II

EOE, M/F/D/V

OSHA/ADA:

To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

Job Type: Full-time

Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
