Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

This position seeks an exceptional candidate with a deep understanding of algorithms and strong software development skills. Our work environment provides a variety of projects with an opportunity to work on product design and green-field analysis infrastructure. You will design and implement innovative algorithms for the analysis of high throughput data. You will work as part of a cross-disciplinary team on the foundational aspects of an exciting, new technology. Your work will directly drive technology improvement and become a part of the customer-facing offering.
Responsibilities:
Design and implement novel and efficient algorithms
Analyze and interpret experimental findings
Present methods and results
Contribute to our intellectual property portfolio
Requirements:
Successful candidates will have background in computer science, bioinformatics, computational biology, mathematics or related fields
PhD degree strongly preferred, though exceptional Master’s candidates will be considered
Exceptional development skills, especially in the implementation of novel algorithms
Strong background in statistics and numerical analysis
C, C++ and/or C# .NET programming skills
Scripting languages such as Python or MATLAB
Strong communication and presentation skills
Biology knowledge preferred
We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
