At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

Job Title/Description

Medicinal Chemist – Research Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry (M.S. / B.S. – D05)

We are seeking talented and motivated B.S./M.S. synthetic/medicinal chemists who are passionate about joining a world-class group of scientists in the pursuit of innovative therapies at our San Diego, CA location. The successful candidate will be skilled in the art of organic synthesis and familiar with modern synthetic methods. The candidate will have demonstrated success in producing results, executing on synthetic routes to target molecules, analytical data interpretation, and troubleshooting reactions/purifications. The candidate will show an increasingly independent ability to design synthetic routes, understand medicinal chemistry concepts, and interpret biological data such that s/he is able to generate testable hypotheses. Good communication skills and a naturally collaborative style are necessary for effective drug discovery team participation.

Qualifications
B.S. with 4-8 years of external research experience or an M.S. degree with 2-4 years external research experience
A strong commitment to experimental work - skilled in multi-step synthesis, purification, and characterization of organic compounds
Experience with HPLC, NMR, MS instrumentation
Proficient with SciFinder, Chemdraw, and other chemistry-related software
Familiarity with fundamentals of Medicinal Chemistry and analog design
A team player who works effectively within a multidisciplinary organization
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Fit with BMS Culture and Values
Diversity and inclusion
Strong team orientation; highly collaborative
Solutions and results-oriented focus
Hands-on approach; resourceful and open to diverse points of view
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
