Introduction


ASML US, LP brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Wilton, CT, Chandler, AZ, San Jose, CA and San Diego, CA.

“This position requires access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require ASML to proceed with applicants who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.”

Job Mission

We are presenting you with a unique and exciting opportunity to join a dynamic and innovative Technology Development team, focused on conceiving and demonstrating the technologies required for next generations of high-power extreme ultraviolet (EUV) light sources. Based on a laser produced plasma (LPP), our light source relies on a wide range of unique and challenging technologies, ranging from laser light amplification and high-power optical systems to laser produced plasma for EUV generation, electro-optical signal detection and algorithm-based actuation for process control. You are invited to bring your passion, knowledge and expertise in areas of applied physics, plasmas, metrology, optics, controls, lasers, and experiment design to push the boundaries of these technologies forward.

Job Description

Responsibilities
Guide development of high-level architecture as well as specific techniques for metrology, actuation, stabilization (both passive and active), and control in order to improve the EUV generation process
Identification of key scientific learning objectives and corresponding experimental design which will further the technological progress of the EUV generation process
Provide metrology, actuation, and stabilization design guidelines, performance requirements and procedures to product teams
Demonstration of system-wide performance targets to meet the future technology roadmap
Plan, develop and execute system and subsystem performance tests, analyze test results and extract actionable knowledge from sub-module to full-system levels
Troubleshoot issues with laser, tin delivery, and optical systems in order to improve the EUV generation process
Document learning and communicate knowledge to engineering and product development teams to guide product improvement and release of new product nodes
Work independently and in teams to deliver on a stated objective, whether it be the pursuit of new knowledge, the demonstration of a new capability, or the characterization of existing performance
Education
PhD or MS degree with a minimum of 8 years of relevant experience in physics, plasma engineering, photonics or equivalent field
Experience
Deep understanding of scientific research methods and strong curiosity
The successful candidate will not only have excelled in their technical field, but will have demonstrated inter-personal and communications strengths
Hands-on experience with complex system design and build, characterization, and troubleshooting
Extensive experience with experimental data analysis and development of data analysis tools with, for instance, Matlab or Python and data acquisition systems such as NI Labview
Ability to clearly and logically communicate ideas and knowledge to various audiences
Practical experience with breadth of metrology techniques and system design, including laser produced plasma systems
High-precision optical metrology development, including associated high-speed data acquisition and integration with control system functionality
Demonstrated ability to manage and lead a research project involving multiple stakeholders and constraints
Demonstrated ability to work effectively as a part of a team and lead investigation and research efforts
Other information

PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Can work under deadlines.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
