ABOUT US

Sorrento Therapeutics Inc. is a fast growing, clinical stage, antibody-centric, biopharmaceutical company developing new therapies to turn malignant cancers into manageable and possibly curable diseases. Sorrento's multimodal multipronged approach to fighting cancer is made possible by its' extensive immuno-oncology platforms, including key assets such as fully human antibodies ("G-MAB™ library"), clinical stage immuno-cellular therapies ("CAR-T"), intracellular targeting antibodies ("iTAbs"), antibody-drug conjugates ("ADC"), and clinical stage oncolytic virus ("Sephrevir®").

We attract smart people who play well with others. We're small enough for your ideas to make a big impact, and large enough to offer you opportunities to grow professionally at any stage of your career.

If you’re a quick learner, enjoy working in the biotech industry, and share our mission of providing ground-breaking impact to medicine, each other, and our patients, Sorrento Therapeutics is the place for you!

WHAT YOU’LL DO:

The Scientist will be responsible for the development and implementation of in vitro functional T/NK cell assays to support pre-clinical validation of CAR-T/NK cellular therapies against cancer. The position requires knowledge and hands-on experience in CAR-T, gene editing, cell culture, flow cytometry, tumor biology and macrophage cell biology.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Design and execute experiments for development of preclinical CAR-T/NK therapies
Isolate, expand and manipulate T/NK cells
Perform in vitro functional assays measuring cellular activation, cytokine release, proliferation and phagocytosis
Characterize monocyte/macrophage cells by flow cytometry (FACS)
Analyze and interpret experimental data and present findings to colleagues on a weekly basis
Coordinate with multiple Scientists and Research Associates for scheduling and execution of experiments
EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS:
PhD’s Degree in Immunology, Molecular Biology or related disciplines with 1-2 years relevant experience or Master’s Degree with 5-7 years relevant experience
Knowledge of cellular and/or tumor immunology principles, technologies, and experimental techniques (cell culture, in vitro cellular assays, flow cytometry)
Expertise in the characterization, culture, expansion, and manipulation of macrophage cells
Strong problem-solving, troubleshooting, and organizational skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and collabortively with groups
YOUR REWARD:
Support scientists who are on the leading edge of immunotherapies for the treatment of cancer.
Earn a competitive salary that allows you to focus your attention on your passion.
A comprehensive benefits package including: medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, matching 401k, 10 paid holidays, flexible PTO, plus stock options.
If this sounds like the right career to fit your interests, please apply. We’re looking forward to meeting you!

Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.

Sorrento Therapeutics, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer
