At CliniComp, Intl. we create cool products, in a pleasant place with people we like. We design, develop, and implement software and hardware solutions for Healthcare IT. Our state-of-the-art technology has contributed to fundamental advancements in computer science. We are proud of our artificial intelligence initiatives that are adding significant depth to products that will further improve healthcare outcomes for patients. The foundation of all we do is to create things that really matter.

Position Summary

Designs, creates, interprets, standardizes, and manages large datasets and data pipelines to achieve business goals. Responsible for providing database support, maintenance, design, implementation strategy and testing by considering system characteristics to produce optimal performance, reliability and maintainability. Interprets data results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis, to visualization, to application of AI/data mining tools. Works directly with internal and external clients and project and business leaders to identify and address analytical requirements.

Responsibilities
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Build tools, frameworks, infrastructure, and services to ensure high quality and availability of data for AI/machine learning purposes.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements; automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, standardizing and re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.
Develop, design, document, test, implement and manage clinical data collections and reporting systems that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide clinical reports
Create and write SQL code for reporting database based on customer and internal report specifications.
Perform Oracle database maintenance and install patches and provide Oracle support with internal and external use of the Oracle database
Troubleshoot data and data feed problems related to Oracle and other SQL driven applications
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, an additional 4 years of related experience in lieu of degree
1-3 years database experience with solid understanding of SQL query development
Experience with UNIX and PC-based information systems, windows servers and workstations, network interfaces and modern office methods.
Strong knowledge of SQL and databases (Oracle, MySQL, SQLite, PostgreSQL).
Proficient with scripting (Bash, Perl, Python, etc.) and proficiency with MS Office Applications
Security Clearance: The start of the security clearance process is up to the discretion of the company and may begin no later than the successful completion of the first 90 days of employment, and commensurate with job requirements and the needs of the business. Successful completion of the security clearance process may not be required for every position but all candidates must be willing to submit to the process if requested by their manager according to the requirements of the position and business needs.

Benefits
100% covered Medical and Dental coverage for you & your family
Generous 401(k) plan and contribution
Events and weekly lunches
Engaging wellness activities
Corporate Social Responsibility Program
So many more to list…
CCI complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act and considers reasonable accommodation measures that may be necessary for eligible applicants/employees to perform primary responsibilities. EEO/AA/M/F/Veteran/Disabled
