Description

Fate Therapeutics is seeking an experienced and highly motivated cell biologist to join the process development team to support the Company's cellular therapeutic product development. The successful candidate will work with a multidisciplinary team and contribute to build a robust, GMP-compliant process to generate allogeneic NK and T cell therapies from engineered iPSC. This position requires prior experience with mammalian cell culture and immunological techniques such as flow cytometry, ELISA and cell-based assays. Excellent organization, interpersonal and troubleshooting skills are required. Prior experience in NK cell production is a plus. This is a full-time position reporting to a Senior Scientist, and is located at our corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA.

Responsibilities:
Design, perform and analyze experiments to identify critical parameters for NK cell production, especially focused upon differentiation and expansion.
Develop robust cell-based or molecular assays for quality control and characterizations.
Apply critical thinking to troubleshoot and identify root causes for out-of-spec (OOS) performance.
Assist with process development projects to support CMC development or IND activities.
Track and analyze manufacturing data and generate report to monitor trends.
Draft and review standard operation procedure (SOP) and batch records.
Interact with manufacturing, quality assurance, and manufacturing science and technology team and act as a liaison to support manufacture or technology transfer activities.
Manage priorities and tasks to deliver tasks within timeline.
Qualifications
Ph.D. in stem cell biology, immunology or other related field and 3+ years of experience or M.S./B.S. and 7+ years of experience in biotech or biopharma environment.
Prior experience in multi-color flow cytometry and data analysis.
Prior experience in statistical tools, such as Prism, Spotfire or JMP.
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to multi-tasking and adjust priority in a fast-paced environment.
Prior experience in developing stem cell or immunotherapy products is a plus.
Prior working experience in cGMP labs is a plus.
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
100% on-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA. Occasional travels may require.
Evening and weekend work as reasonable and necessary
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin.
Will require working with hazardous materials
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

For consideration send cover letter and resume to: www.fatetherapeutics.com and reference job 363CC.

About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.

Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, offthe-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company’s immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company’s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune™, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA. For more information, please visit www.fatetherapeutics.com

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Relocation Assistance
Vision Insurance
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.fatetherapeutics.com
