Position Summary:

We are looking for a creative and motivated Scientist to join our oncology team in San Diego. This individual will be mainly responsible for designing and executing in vitro cell-based assays and mouse experiments for determining the efficacy and mechanism of action of drugs in the field of oncology and immunooncology, working independently or collaboratively with other team members.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS
Serve as a scientific and technical leader for in vitro and in vivo pharmacology studies to demonstrate efficacy and to characterize mechanism of action of drugs in the field of oncology and immunooncology
Train and work with research associates to perform in vivo studies involving the following laboratory procedures: Tumor implantation and measurement, mouse dosing (through sc, ip, po and iv), blood sampling and tissue harvesting and processing
Train and work with other team members to perform ex vivo analysis including enzyme digestion of tumors, FACS, ELISA and cell isolation.
Analyze data, prepare and present study reports and scientific posters
Assist in lab management
Have open communication, positive interpersonal and teamwork skills
Adherence to Quality System, compose and comply with SOPs
Communicate with the logistics team at BioDuro China for procuring and shipping biological materials (international shipping included) through emails and teleconference.
EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE & SKILLS REQUIRED

*EDUCATION
Ph.D. in Immunology, cancer biology or equivalent fields
0-3+ years post-graduate experience in cancer biology, immunology, tumor immunology or closely related fields.
EXPERIENCE & SKILLS
Research background and benchwork experience in immunology or cancer biology, as demonstrated by publications in peer-reviewed journals.
Solid experience working with oncology and/or immunooncology mouse models (e.g., mouse syngeneic tumor models and human cancer cell line or patient-derived xenograft models) is required; including but not limited to tumor implantation and measurement, mouse dosing (through sc, ip, po and iv), blood sampling and tissue harvesting, enzyme digestion of tumors, FACS, ELISA and cell isolation.
Experience using multi-color flow cytometry to characterize immune phenotypes is a plus
Ability to design, execute and troubleshoot experiments with minimal supervision in a fast-paced working environment
Exceptional organizational and time-management skills
Ability to multi-task with a high degree of professionalism and diplomacy
Ability to understand and speak Chinese (Mandarin) is a plus for better communication with the logistics team at BioDuro China.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Equipment typically used: Computer, copier, fax, printer, cell phone.
Physical Requirements: Ability to communicate in written and verbal format.
Percentage of time spent on activities during a typical workday:
Sitting

40%

Standing

40%

Bending

0%

Kneeling

0%

Climbing

0%

Pushing/Pulling

0%

Lifting

10%

Typical Weight less than 25 lbs

Carrying

10%

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed, as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. They are representative in that the qualifications and physical demands must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Working Conditions:

Well-lit, heated and/or air-conditioned indoor office and laboratory setting with adequate ventilation. Dirt/Dust/Heat/Noise/Fumes/Odors/Vibrations encountered in Manufacturing Area, labs and warehouse areas.

Powered by JazzHR

Job Type: Full-time
