POSITION SUMMARY

The Associate Scientist, Analytical Chemistry facilitates and assists in execution of systems to assure cGMP compliance for all relevant operations. Responsible for performing advanced experiments and general laboratory duties.

ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS

Performs quality control analysis for raw materials, drug product, stability testing and final release testing.
Follows Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), protocols and other instructions from management
Works with advanced methods and performs advanced experiments accurately, consistently, and in a timely manner
Practices good notebook keeping and labeling practices
Performs data analysis using Excel spreadsheets and other necessary tools
Assists with method development and method validation
Writes/revises Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) and methods when necessary
Assists other Chemists with assigned projects
Complies with all laboratory safety guidelines including Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Maintains general cleanliness of the lab, including personal bench space and common use areas
Develops and validates analytical methods with some technical direction and guidance
All other tasks and duties assigned as perceived and agreed upon by senior management
EDUCATION

BS degree in Chemistry or a related scientific discipline
2-4 years work experience in chemistry and quality control and/or laboratory positions.
EXPERIENCE

Experience in cGMP controlled environment Full computer literacy and knowledge of basic scientific principles and practices. Experience using HPLC required
Full computer literacy and knowledge of basic scientific principles and practices.
Good verbal and written communication skills
Prior experience in analytical laboratory is desired
Relevant experience can be considered in lieu of degree
EXCEPTIONAL SKILLS:

The following are examples of exceptional skills which may be used as a guide for achievement and consideration for advancement.

Improvement of any aspect of the laboratory process
Detailed attention to data trending
Exceptional information technology skills
Good data interpretation skills
Good technical writing skills
Good method development skills
Good attitude, work ethic, and natural leadership
Achievement of an advanced degree
SUPERVISION AND LEADERSHIP
N/A
WORKING CONDITIONS

Well-lit, heated and/or air-conditioned indoor office, laboratory, and manufacturing setting with adequate ventilation. Light physical activity performing non-strenuous daily activities of a productive/technical nature.

PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS

Equipment typically used: All general office tools and equipment
Physical Requirements: Ability to communicate in written and verbal format.
Ability to sit and stand for long periods of time.
Sitting

60%

Standing

20%
Bending

0%

Kneeling

0%
Climbing

0%

Pushing/Pulling

0%
Lifting

10%

Typical Weight less than 25 lbs

Carrying

10%
