Quidel Corporation is a leading manufacturer of diagnostic healthcare solutions serving to enhance the health and well being of people around the globe with well known and respected products that provide healthcare professionals with accurate and cost-effective diagnostic information at the point of care (POC). Our core competencies and capabilities focus on immunoassay and molecular testing in the areas of: infectious disease, cardiology, women's health, and virology.

At Quidel, data is a strategic and transformative element of our business model. The IS Data Architect role is a critical role within the IS organization, responsible to understand how to structure data across the enterprise for internal use and visualization to improve business operations. The IS Data Architect will also use their expertise, working with external parties and sources, to leverage clinical customer data for commercial products.

The successful candidate should be recognized as an industry/technology expert both internally and externally and is expected to earn significant influence across the organization.

This role will be based out of our San Diego headquarters. Some domestic and international travel may be required.

Knowledge/Skills:
Work collaboratively with other IT stakeholders to build a roadmap for data architecture defining how the organization will migrate to the future state in support of business strategies.
Develop enterprise data management methodology and standards.
Provide the development and maintenance of an enterprise data model.
Responsible and accountable for both data architecture and database implementation, as well as integration with other systems, all in support of data management, visualization, and analysis. Areas of focus include data strategy, data architecture, data integration, as well performance management.
Drive selection of data management tools, and the development of standards, usage guidelines and procedures.
Provide strategic architectural insight and advice on data architecture options to the various departments and letting them know risks, challenges, functionality, cost analysis and impact on their business processes and priorities.
The technical resource for operational, project, and business development teams - especially in the areas of cloud/web services, data analysis and visualization, and related areas.
Demonstrate thought leadership on cloud architecture and become a trusted advisor to decision-makers.
Participate or lead concept development and rapid productization for proven concepts.
Champions the development of software, data delivery, and infrastructure as well as Cloud platforms with reusable components.
Initiate, scope, and undertake projects with multiple partners and stakeholders: Diagnostic Engineers, Software Engineers, Data Scientists, and Network Engineers.
