Scientist, Cellular Reprogramming and Engineering
Job Code 334LF
Description
Fate s Cellular Reprogramming and Engineering Group is seeking a skilled and highly motivated cell
biologist to support ongoing cellular reprogramming and engineering research to further the
development of novel off-the-shelf cellular therapeutics for the treatment of cancer and other
disorders. The successful candidate will be responsible for playing a key role in the research and
development of the company s induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) platform. Ideally, the candidate will
have strong expertise in cell culture, culture of pluripotent cells, and genetic engineering of human cells
using various editing tools. The position includes collaboration with internal R&D, process development,
quality assurance, and regulatory groups and external partners including our renowned academic
research collaborators. The position also has the opportunity to lead various programs from inception to
regulatory filings, providing a unique experience to play a major role in product development of off-theshelf cell therapies. This is a full-time position and located at our corporate headquarters in San Diego,
CA.
Responsibilities
Design, execute, and analyze experiments to advance company s iPSC platform
Reprogramming of somatic cells into iPSCs and characterization of generated iPSC lines
Genetic editing/engineering of various cell populations, including lentiviral transduction and CRISPR
engineering, and phenotypic and functional characterization related to the genetic modulation
Participate and potentially lead the multiple stages of product development including R&D, INDenabling activities, and cell bank derivation
Strong experimental design and troubleshooting skills, can document laboratory procedures and
experiments with great attention to detail
Draft and execute SOPs/batch records and follow process documentation
Collaborate and coordinate with cross-functional research and development teams to advance
program objectives
Presentation of data to project group and wider research organization
Qualifications
Ph.D. in a biological science discipline with 3 years of post-doctoral experience in a biotechnology,
pharmaceutical, or academic setting
Strong expertise and experience in cellular reprogramming, pluripotent stem cell culture and
characterization, and genome modification of human iPSCs
Experience in multi-parameter flow cytometry is desirable
Demonstrated ability to work both independently and in a team-oriented environment
Excellent communication, attention to detail, and time management/organizational skills
Positive outlook and a team-oriented attitude
Demonstrated scientific track record through relevant publications and/or patents
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human origin
Occasional weekend and/or evening hours as necessary
100% on-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees
within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required
from time to time.
For consideration send cover letter and curriculum vitae to: and
reference job 334LF.
About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.
Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-inclass cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a
leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products
using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company s immunooncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are
designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and
monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs).
The Company s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune , a pharmacologically
modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention
of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting
immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego,
CA. For more information, please visit .
