Employer Fate Therapeutics, Inc.

Location San Diego, CA, United States

Posted Jul 10, 2020

Ref 358JO

Discipline Science/R & D, Biotechnology, Pharmacology

Hotbed Biotech Beach

Required Education Bachelors Degree

Position Type Full time

You need to sign in or create an account to save

Fate Therapeutics is currently seeking a motivated, conscientious, and talented individual with experience with in vivo studies to assist our immuno-oncology teams in performing studies involving analyses of our cellular therapy candidates. This is a full-time position reporting to the Senior Scientist, In Vivo Pharmacology and is located at the Company's corporate headquarters in San Diego.

Responsibilities
Design, execute and analyze in vivo experiments to support cell therapy product
development, test therapeutic hypotheses and build new mouse models and technology

platforms for Fate's cell therapies
Perform rodent studies including drug administration (IP, SC and IV), bleeding, imaging
and tissue collection
Analyze blood and tissues using a battery of cell and molecular biology techniques
(histology, flow cytometry, DNA/RNA/Protein, etc.)
Culture primary and immortalized cells
Data collection, analysis, interpretation and presentation
Collaborate with multiple scientists across various project teams
Maintain a high level of professional expertise through scientific literature
Manage direct reports
Embody the ideal virtues of a team player by striving to be humble, hungry and smart
Qualifications
B.S. degree in Cell Biology, Immunology or other related fields with minimum of 8 years, or M.S. with a minimum of 5 years of laboratory experience in an academic, biotechnology, or pharmaceutical setting
Experience working with preclinical tumor models, including mouse handling, dosing, tumor cell implantation, tumor growth analysis and tissue collection techniques
Experience with cell culture
Experience in cell and molecular biology analysis of tissues and cells
Experience with PDX and orthotopic models a plus
Experience managing direct reports a plus
Strong attention to detail, analytical, time management, organizational and interpersonal skills
Ability to work independently and to handle multiple projects and deadlines in a fast- paced biotech environment
Excellent presentation, verbal and written communication skills
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin
Occasional weekend and/or evening hours required
100% on site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time. For consideration send cover letter and resume to: and reference job code 358JO .

About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.
Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company's immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company's immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA. For more information, please visit .

More searches like this
Science/R & D jobs in San Diego
Biotechnology jobs in San Diego
Pharmacology jobs in San Diego
