Research Scientist - In Vitro PK / Oncology, San Diego, CA

Seeking a highly motivated Research Scientist to work as a member of a multidisciplinary team to provide in vitro pharmacology and cell biology expertise to preclinical and clinical stage oncology projects. This is a hands-on position that requires an ability to be productive in a rapidly evolving environment.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Development and performance of robust assays to characterize activity and MOA of company's preclinical and clinical stage programs.
Will participate on project teams to establish and influence project strategy and planning, provide scientific insight, and establish capabilities to support our internal programs.
Will work independently and as part of a broader team to solve complex problems.
Other duties as assigned or required.
Title will be based upon relevant education and experience.
Job Requirements:
PhD in Cellular, Molecular or Cancer Biology, or related discipline with at least 2-5 years of biotech / pharmaceutical industry experience.
Industry experience in small molecule drug discovery.
Expertise in tissue culture techniques, sh / siRNA, CRISPR, western blot analysis, stable cell line generation, proliferation/signaling assays and FACS analysis.
Experience with cellular mechanisms regulating cancer cell growth. Experience in in vitro tumor cell biology and cell signaling.
Proven track record of successful scientific accomplishments, exemplified by patents, presentations and/or peer reviewed publications
Outstanding problem solving, troubleshooting and organizational skills
Excellent communication and presentation skills
An ability to be productive and successful in a fast paced work environment
Apply Today for immediate consideration! Questions? Email JEND557@kellyscientific.com or call 858-264-6432.

Why Kelly®?


Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interestsits the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
