BioLegend develops world-class, cutting-edge antibodies and reagents for biomedical research, manufactured in our state-of-the-art facility in San Diego, CA. Our mission is to accelerate research and discovery by providing the highest quality products at an outstanding value, along with superior customer service and technical support. Our product expertise covers a diverse set of research areas including Immunology, Neuroscience, Cancer, Stem cells, and Cell Biology.

Job Summary

PhD with minimal 2 years postdoctoral training in immunology or related area. Will be responsible for all stages of development of new research reagents, such as antibodies, chemical probes or other materials for flow cytometry, and/or immunofluorescent image applications, biological functional assays. The position will also be responsible for evaluating new technologies and has opportunity to grow to a higher level of scientist or supervisor.

Essential Functions

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Initiate new product ideas and manage/drive project to the end
Design and perform experiments and analyze data
Perform immunological assays such as Flow Cytometry, immunofluorescent staining, bioassays, etc.
Perform cell biology, biochemistry, and other experiments as projects require
Prepare and handle biological samples (human blood, animal blood and tissues, mammalian cell lines)
Maintain clear and accurate documentation following company policies and ISO requirements
iACT Competencies
innovate– Be better, keep improving, be more efficient, creative, and be in the forefront of development
Aspire– Have desire, purpose, and ambition challenging ourselves to push the limits and reach new heights
Collaborate– Foster teamwork, common goals, selflessness, communication and mutual support
Transform– Adapt, learn, re-invent and change for future development and growth
Minimum Qualifications– Education and Experience
PhD plus 2 years of postdoctoral training in immunology, cancer biology, or related area
Proficiency with flow cytometry and data analysis techniques
Proficiency with ELISA, Western Blot, and basic molecular biology technical skills
Proven effectiveness when working as part of a team
Highly motivated and self-driven
Ability to multitask in fast paced environment
Preferred Qualifications– Education and Experience
2 years of industry experience in product development
Proven research and publication track record
Leadership or management experience
Work Environment& Physical Demands

Lab

While performing the duties of this job, the employee regularly works in a laboratory environment with occasional data entry on a computer. Occasional exposure to a warehouse environment.

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands and fingers to handle, feel, or operate objects, tools or controls, and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand, talk and hear.
