Job Description
Mirati Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MRTX) is a San Diego-based clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to advancing novel therapeutics that extend the lives of patients by directly addressing the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is developing sitravatinib, designed to selectively target a spectrum of tyrosine kinases implicated in both tumor growth and the suppression of immune responses to tumors. Sitravatinib has demonstrated durable responses in lung cancer patients whose cancer has progressed despite treatment with checkpoint inhibitors - an area of significant unmet medical need. Sitravatinib is being evaluated in multiple clinical trials to treat patients who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a potentially registration-enabling Phase 3 trial of sitravatinib in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that is currently enrolling patients.

Mirati is also developing novel direct inhibitors of KRAS mutations including MRTX849, a potent and selective inhibitor of KRAS G12C. This historically difficult to drug target is present in approximately 14% of NSCLC adenocarcinomas, 4% of colorectal cancer as well as smaller percentages of several other difficult-to-treat cancers. MRTX849 is being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial as a treatment for patients with KRAS G12C-positive tumors. Our research on G12C has led to breakthroughs in targeting other KRAS mutations including G12D which drives tumor growth in more patients than G12C and includes pancreatic, colorectal and other types of cancer.

We are Mirati

Our mission is to discover, design, and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of cancer patients and their loved ones. We have built a culture fueled by accountability, urgency, collaboration and open-mindedness, and have established ourselves as an innovator within our industry. As we grow, we are looking to build diverse teams, with skilled individuals that are passionate about their work.

Why join us?

Mirati is looking for a Safety Scientist to join our growing team. This position is primarily responsible for leading the global safety assessment of an investigational product. Additional responsibilities include providing support for other investigational and marketed products. This includes all pre- and post-marketing safety, Pharmacovigilance (PV) and supporting signal detection and risk management activities. This individual will manage the safety assessment of products, including medical review of individual and aggregate S/AEs and the scientific literature, and preparing safety reports including DSURs/PSURs. The ability to work in a dynamic, changing environment to meet corporate and patient needs is essential.

Your Responsibilites
Identification, analysis and reporting of possible safety trends and concerns with Mirati products, including the identification and evaluation of safety signals through the assessment of individual case safety reports and aggregate data summaries from clinical studies and post marketing experience, review of relevant literature articles, product quality complaints and non-clinical safety data
Research and carry out signal detection activities utilizing internal and external sources of investigational or marketed product safety data
Lead the development, implementation and coordination of risk mitigation strategies (e.g. Risk Management Plans, REMS, Post-Marketing Evaluation Programs), to ensure the safe and appropriate use of Mirati products, in compliance with global legal and regulatory requirements
Coordinate and lead the production of all relevant regulatory documentation (e.g. IND Annual Reports, DSUR, PSUR) as well as support the production of clinical documentation (e.g. Protocols, IBs, ICFs)
Support and collaborate with business partners around safety data evaluation and safety data exchange, including the creation of safety data exchange agreements and safety management plans, review of safety materials received from our partners
Lead PV responses to medical inquiries regarding safety issues, ad hoc requests from regulatory agencies, ad hoc requests to support CTAs with study sites, etc., as needed
Support AE/SAE reconciliation when questions arise requiring clinical understanding
Represent PV and Safety Risk Management Department as applicable
Under the direction/review of senior PV staff, participate in other PV and Safety Risk Management activities as necessary
Your Requirements
Worked with a drug safety database (ARGUS experience helpful) and have had responsibility for medical review of SAE reports
Thorough knowledge of current US, Global, and ICH safety reporting regulations and guidelines
Strong working knowledge of MedDRA and WHODrug coding dictionaries
Excellent written and oral communication skills in the English language, resourcefulness and personal organization skills together with demonstrated cross-functional teamwork
Must have led the preparation of DSURs and Risk Management Plans
Competent in Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel
Ability to maintain an "inspection ready" environment
Ability to work independently
Strong attention to detail
Minimum of a PharmD, MD, DO, or NP with at least 5 to 7 years of experience in Drug Safety and PV
Solid medical knowledge of methods to assess causality relationship between adverse events and administration of investigational and marketed products
Clinical development and post marketing experience highly desired
Relevant experience in the oncology therapeutic area, strongly preferred
Mirati's policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regards to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic informations, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
