Job Description
Mirati Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MRTX) is a San Diego-based clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to advancing novel therapeutics that extend the lives of patients by directly addressing the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is developing sitravatinib, designed to selectively target a spectrum of tyrosine kinases implicated in both tumor growth and the suppression of immune responses to tumors. Sitravatinib has demonstrated durable responses in lung cancer patients whose cancer has progressed despite treatment with checkpoint inhibitors - an area of significant unmet medical need. Sitravatinib is being evaluated in multiple clinical trials to treat patients who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a potentially registration-enabling Phase 3 trial of sitravatinib in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that is currently enrolling patients.

Mirati is also developing novel direct inhibitors of KRAS mutations including MRTX849, a potent and selective inhibitor of KRAS G12C. This historically difficult to drug target is present in approximately 14% of NSCLC adenocarcinomas, 4% of colorectal cancer as well as smaller percentages of several other difficult-to-treat cancers. MRTX849 is being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial as a treatment for patients with KRAS G12C-positive tumors. Our research on G12C has led to breakthroughs in targeting other KRAS mutations including G12D which drives tumor growth in more patients than G12C and includes pancreatic, colorectal and other types of cancer.

We are Mirati:Our mission is to discover, design, and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of cancer patients and their loved ones. We have built a culture fueled by accountability, urgency, collaboration and open-mindedness, and have established ourselves as an innovator within our industry. As we grow, we are looking to build diverse teams, with skilled individuals that are passionate about their work.

Why join us?
Mirati is seeking a Sr Scientist, Protein Chemist/X-ray Crystallographer with a track record of prosecuting crystallographic protein targets from gene to structure. The ideal candidate has experience in protein construct design, protein expression and purification, and protein/ligand co-complex structure determination. You are equally happy purifying a 6L protein prep, crystallizing proteins, or solving structures. You form strong working interactions with scientists across disciplines. In addition, you are comfortable communicating and presenting your work to members of multi-disciplinary project teams and can share the underlying details of your expertise to help guide decisions within those teams.

Your Responsibilities:
Design and implement gene-to-protein workflows to produce high-quality, recombinant protein for use in structural biology, biochemistry, biophysics, and pharmacology experiments. This includes:
Construct design
Milligram-scale expression in bacterial and insect cell systems
Develop and run AKTA FPLC purification schemes using chelation, ion exchange, and size exclusion chromatography.
Execute protein chemistry protocols such as protease cleavage and biotinylation
Characterize and quantify protein expression, homogeneity, and stability
Establish and communicate protein purification timelines for multiple targets and coordinate protein deliveries with members of the broader Research group
Carry out protein/ligand co-complex crystallography in support of structure-based drug discovery projects including:
Set up crystallization experiments using automated liquid handling
Crystal mounting and freezing
Remote data collection at DOE X-ray beamlines
Structure determination
Pro-actively troubleshoot construct, expression, purification and crystallization issues for challenging targets
Maintain protein chemistry lab including ordering supplies and ensuring equipment is operational
Effectively communicate and collaborate with internal and external project team members from multiple disciplines including computational chemistry, medicinal chemistry, pharmacology, biochemistry/biophysics, informatics, DMPK, toxicology, legal/IP, and project management
Maintain a current knowledge of the protein chemistry, structural biology, crystallography, and drug discovery scientific literature. Identify and where appropriate implement novel structural biology techniques and technologies
Advance the Mirati Research Portfolio and company value through presentation/publication of project results in scientific meetings and peer-reviewed literature as guided by Mirati publication policies
What is Required:
Demonstrated problem-solving skills, scientific creativity, and the ability to think logically and critically
Ability to work pro-actively and independently
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Expertise in protein production including construct design, expression, purification, and characterization methodologies is required, including proficiency in:
Protein expression in E. coli and insect cell systems
Designing and implementing protein purification schemes capable of generating high quality, robust, homogeneous, functional protein
Use of the AKTA FPLC system and Unicorn Software
Characterization / quantification methods such as: SDS-page, western blot, FPLC, SEC, UV-Vis, Bradford, and BCA assays
Experience in crystallization of protein/ligand co-complexes and high-resolution structure determination is highly desired, including:
Designing and implementing crystallization experiments
Harvesting and shipping crystals
Synchrotron data collection
Macromolecular structure determination using crystallography software such as Coot, Phenix, and CCP4
Working knowledge of structure-based drug design is a plus
PhD in biochemistry, molecular biology, or a related field or MS with minimum of 10 years of experience in structural biology
Mirati's policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regards to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic informations, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
