Who We Are:


At Neurocrine Biosciences, we pride ourselves on having a strong, distinctive and positive culture based on our shared purpose and values. We know what it takes to be great, and we are as passionate about our people as we are about our purpose - to relieve patient suffering and enhance lives.

What We Do:


Neurocrine Biosciences (Nasdaq: NBIX) is a neuroscience-focused, biopharmaceutical company with more than 25 years of experience discovering and developing life-changing treatments for people with serious, challenging and under-addressed neurological, endocrine and psychiatric disorders. Headquartered in San Diego, Neurocrine Biosciences specializes in targeting and interrupting disease-causing mechanisms involving the interconnected pathways of the nervous and endocrine systems.

The company’s diverse portfolio includes two FDA-approved treatments INGREZZA® (valbenazine) for tardive dyskinesia and ORILISSA® (elagolix) for endometriosis*, as well as clinical development programs in multiple therapeutic areas, including Parkinson’s disease, chorea in Huntington disease, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, uterine fibroids* and polycystic ovary syndrome.* As part of a strategic collaboration with Voyager Therapeutics, Neurocrine Biosciences is also focused on the development of investigational gene therapy programs for the treatment of severe neurological diseases, including Parkinson’s disease and Friedreich’s ataxia. (*in collaboration with AbbVie)

About the Role:
Among other responsibilities, the Principal Scientist is responsible for research and development, tech transfer and commercialization of drug substance processes, as well as oversight of batch manufacturing and regulatory document contribution through managerial and individual input. S/he provides project management for CMC programs or Chemical Development projects, and manages direct reports.

_

Your Contributions (include, but are not limited to):
Plans and manages projects. Represents Chemical Development on cross-functional teams. Maintains accountability for deliverables and progress on R&D and manufacturing plans for Chemical Development projects.
Independently designs, plans and executes activities towards the goals of one or more Chemical Development projects to support preclinical through commercial activities.
Supervises laboratory work and/or lab personnel and ensures safe laboratory practices.
Performs process R&D and optimizes synthetic routes.
Identifies and recommends approaches to novel ideas in Chemical Development.
Provides support for off-site synthesis, manufacturing activities and interaction with contractors.
Provides input into CMC regulatory documentation and supporting work.
May provide supervision of laboratory personnel and guidance for their professional development.
Contributes to development of policies and executes against department strategies.
Builds and enhances internal and external professional relationships.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:

BS/BA in chemistry and 12+ years of experience in experience in pharmaceutical/process development field, including API manufacturing person in plant activities, Experience managing laboratory, maximizing productivity is desirable. OR
MS/MA in chemistry and 10+ years of similar experience noted above, OR
PhD in chemistry and 7+ years of similar experience noted above; may include postdoc experience
Thorough understanding of organic chemistry and a well-developed understanding of process chemistry as well as current literature.
Excellent laboratory and productivity skills.
API Manufacturing experience.
Good understanding of cGMP requirements in API.
Demonstration of cross-functional understanding related to drug development
Assimilates data and research findings outside of Neurocrine for application to new scientific projects
Maintains broad knowledge of scientific principles and theories and possesses intellectual mastery of one or more scientific areas
May develop an understanding of other areas and related dependencies
Advanced knowledge and demonstrated ability working with / recommending a variety of laboratory equipment/tools
Ability to work as part of and lead multiple teams
Exhibits leadership skill and ability, typically leads lower levels and/or indirect teams
Excellent computer skills
Excellent interpersonal, communications, problem-solving, analytical thinking skills
Sees broader picture, impact on multiple programs, teams and/or departments
Ability to meet multiple deadlines across a variety of projects/programs, with a high degree of accuracy and efficiency
Excellent project management skills
Neurocrine Biosciences is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets employer.
