Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.
We are looking for a scientist who excels in a complex and multidisciplinary work environment to drive the integration of our cutting-edge products to improve genetic research and human health. The System Integration team works closely with our technology development groups to iterate and improve upon product functionality and drive development. This role works across disciplines including chemistry, biochemistry, hardware, and software to understand the dependencies of product components and ensure robust operation. As an integration lead you will be responsible for the identification, documentation, and troubleshooting of problems as well as testing and reporting on system performance. Key to success will be the ability to process and interpret complex datasets to identify underlying trends and areas for improvement.
Responsibilities:
Collaborate with functional teams to understand processes contributing to system-level performance and provide feedback for improvement.
Conceive, plan, and execute experiments to objectively measure system performance including verification and validation testing.
Troubleshoot issues as they arise and design tests to understand root causes and suggest fixes.
Track and document system attributes across all stages of development utilizing best practices.
Supervise one or more Associate on project activities.
Analyze large datasets and present findings in a clear and concise format.
Requirements:
Ph.D. or a master’s degree in chemistry, engineering, molecular biology or related field.
Relevant experience in a product or process development required.
A broad scientific knowledge including expertise in fluidics, optics, surface chemistry, molecular biology, genomics, and image analysis.
Experimental design and interpretation of large, multivariate datasets including DOE and statistical analysis. Experience with JMP desired.
Sub-system and system-level design space characterization.
Solid communication and writing skills.
People leadership and experience in a fast-paced industry.
Well-organized and a good communicator
A team player
Persistent and ambitious
Resilient
Desired Skills:
Common methods for DNA characterization such as PCR (endpoint, real-time, droplet), Bioanalyzer, capillary electrophoresis, fluorescent binding and activity assays.
Experience working on complex instruments under development.
Library preparation for NGS and an understanding of primary and secondary sequencing metrics.
Chemical modification of surfaces including coatings, polymer films and conjugation chemistries.
We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
