Janssen Research and Development,
LLC, a member of Johnson and Johnson's Family of Companies, is recruiting for a
Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry - Discovery Chemistry, located in
San Diego, CA.

At the Janssen Pharmaceutical Companies of Johnson & Johnson, we are
working to create a world without disease. Transforming lives by finding new
and better ways to prevent, intercept, treat and cure disease inspires us. We
bring together the best minds and pursue the most promising science. We are
Janssen. We collaborate with the world for the health of everyone in it. Learn
more at www.janssen.com and follow us @JanssenGlobal. Janssen Research and Development, LLC is part of the Janssen
Pharmaceutical Companies.

Discovery Chemistry is a stand-alone
organization within Discovery Sciences committed to the delivery of
high-quality drug candidates working closely with all six Janssen Therapeutic
Areas (TA) discovery teams.

Our mission requires strategic
thinking, portfolio mindset and deep scientific expertise in several
disciplines including chemistry, cellular and molecular pharmacology,
enzymology, and screening technologies coupled with an ability to work
collaboratively with internal and external partners. Building on a strong
legacy of success, we are currently seeking an outstanding individual to join
our team as Senior Scientist, Medicinal Chemistry, Discovery Chemistry. This role that offers tremendous growth
opportunity within a dynamic and science-driven organization. This position will be based at our drug
discovery site in La Jolla, CA.

Key Responsibilities:

+ Maintaining a high level of personal lab productivity
and presence.

+ A deep understanding of ADME, pharmacokinetics leading
to the independent design and synthesis of drug like molecules.

+ Generate novel, testable hypotheses to enable clear
decision making.

+ Work closely with partners in molecular and cellular
biology, pharmacology, computational chemistry, ADME, structural biology,
chemical development, and other key functions

+ Analyze screening data, perform literature reviews,
design, propose, and execute medicinal chemistry plans, coordinate
chemistry and biology data to support compound progression and patent
strategies

+ Provide scientific direction and leadership for
synthetic and medicinal chemistry activities of internal & external
FTEs

+ Supervise and direct synthetic chemistry activities at
contract research organizations (CROs)

+ Participate in shaping and implementing strategies that
support medicinal chemistry growth objectives at Janssen

+ Maintain a significant level of knowledge and
management of laboratory research

Qualifications

+ PhD in synthetic organic or medicinal chemistry is
required

+ Postdoctoral experience is preferred

+ A minimum of 3 or more years' experience in the
biopharmaceutical industry, with proven track record in medicinal
chemistry, and key contributions to clinical candidate selection, is
required

+ Experience as a project leader in the biopharmaceutical
industry is strongly preferred

+ Experience in one or more therapeutic areas/target
classes is preferred

+ Expert knowledge of modern methods of synthetic and
medicinal chemistry is required

+ Excellent oral and written communication skills is
required

+ Experience working with computational chemists as part
of project team in design of drug targets is preferred

+ Track record of scientific contributions including peer
reviewed publications, patent applications, and/or presentations at major
national meetings is required

+ Record of maintaining a strong lab presence directly is
required

+ This position is located in San Diego, CA, and may
require up to 5% travel

Johnson & Johnson is an
Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or
protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of
disability.

Primary Location

United States-California-San Diego-

Other Locations

North America-United States-California-La Jolla

Organization

Janssen Research & Development, LLC (6084)

Job Function

R&D

Requisition ID

6878191007
