Wednesday, July 1, 2020

A position is available at the La Jolla Institute for Immunology in the research group of Dr. Catherine Hedrick to perform bioinformatics research in immunology in the fields of cancer and atherosclerosis. The project will include analysis of RNA sequencing and ChIP-sequencing experiments in immune cells, as well as high-dimensional analysis and clustering of mass cytometry data.

The successful candidate should have a PhD or MD. Knowledge of Matlab and R is required. Knowledge of bioinformatics, immunology, atherosclerosis, or cancer biology is a plus.

LJI is an independent, non-profit research institute, and is a great place for postdoctoral fellows to work. It was recently ranked in the world’s top 5 immunology research institutes and was ranked #1 in a survey of postdocs as ‘best places to work’ worldwide by The Scientist magazine.

Salary
La Jolla Institute payscale, commensurate with experience.

To Apply
Send CV, brief description of current research activities, and contact information of 3 references. Please enclose all documents within a single file attachment.

About LJI
In 2017, LJI was ranked as one of the best places to work in San Diego by the San Diego Business Journal. LJI is located in the Science Research Park on the campus of UC San Diego, with easy access to the San Diego life sciences community and all that the area has to offer.

Full-time employment at LJI includes a competitive salary, medical/dental/vision benefits, paid vacation/sick leave, and contributions to a retirement plan (403B).

LJI provides Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all employees and applicants regardless of race, national origin, religion, sex, marital status, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition, veteran status, sexual orientation, or pregnancy. This applies to all personnel practices, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfers, educational assistance, and social and recreational programs.

Other details
Job Function
PHD
Pay Type
Salary
