Element Biosciences is a multi-disciplinary startup focused on innovating genetic analysis tools for the research and clinical markets. The Company's technology will broaden the end user experience through improved data quality and simplified workflows to benefit discoveries and diagnosis in healthcare.

Staff scientist contributor for exciting well-funded and long-term multi-venture backed Life Sciences and IVD start-up company. Determines and analyzes design approaches for biochemical assays and applications. Resolves DOE challenges for complex biochemical systems from both a biophysical and biochemical perspective. Well versed in the areas of optics, microscopy, and microfluidics as related to n-dimensional biochemical/biophysical scientific high throughput surface assays. Develops advanced methods/techniques for testing and evaluation. Designs, builds, and tests prototype equipment and products. Provides project leadership, technical consultation, work direction, and training to junior personnel. Works without appreciable direction on assigned projects/programs. Participates in determining objectives of assignments.
Responsibilities:
Design and understand fundamental biochemical assays.
High throughput assay development
Design, develop and execute experimental plan independently as well as in a small team.
Interact closely with engineers to develop comprehensive solutions for high throughput assay development and screening.
Participate in intellectual property creation.
Provide guidance and work assignment to technicians
Requirements:
High throughput assay development and DOE design.
Thorough knowledge of biochemical assays and applications to solve and understand complex biochemical systems
Hands-on laboratory skills for assembly, alignment, calibration, and evaluation of optical systems.
Success in this position requires frequent communication with peers and management. These relationships must be built on respect, integrity, cooperation, teamwork and professionalism.
Excellent problem solving and project management skills.
Ability to lead program teams.
Desired Skills:
Protein purification and engineering.
Enzyme kinetics modeling and studies
Familiarity with JMP software.
Flow cells/microfluidics consumables impacting instrumentation design.
Image processing and complex data analysis for HT assay data output.
Experience in liquid handling systems.
Programming skills: Matlab, Java, IDE, R.
Education:
Doctoral degree (Ph.D.) in chemistry, biochemistry, biophysics, physical chemistry, physics, bioengineering or a related discipline.
We are passionate about our mission to develop high performing products to study genomics in an unprecedented flexibility and to understand biology for the improvement of healthcare. We have built a highly efficient product-driven organization where employees can learn, grow and thrive in a challenging but encouraging environment. We are committed to scientific integrity, collegiality, honesty, objectivity, and openness. We offer excellent benefits, which include a 401K plan, competitive health benefits, flexible vacation, and equity incentives.

We foster an environment such that all people are afforded the freedom to pursue their passions without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, gender (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or any other characteristics protected by law.
