Bristol-Myers Squibb is a global Biopharma company committed to a single mission: to discover, develop, and deliver innovative medicines focused on helping millions of patients around the world in disease areas such as oncology, cardiovascular, immunoscience and fibrosis.

Join us and make a difference. We hire the best people and provide them with a work environment that places a premium on diversity, integrity, collaboration and personal development. Through a culture of inclusion, we create a better, more productive work environment. We believe that the diverse experiences and perspectives of all our employees help to drive innovation and transformative business results.

We are seeking an exceptional scientist to join the Molecular Analytics/Computer-Assisted Drug Design team. As part of our team, you would apply cheminformatics methods and machine learning techniques to drive impacts in therapeutic projects from lead identification through candidate nomination. You would enable the broader scientific community through data mining and visualization, workflow development, scientific application prototyping and deployment of models in our communication platform. This position will include an emphasis on library design and deck architecture to influence the compound collection. Through close collaboration, clear communication, and technical excellence, you will work with scientists across the R&D organization to influence the pipeline from early discovery through candidate nomination.

The selected candidate will join a research team with a track record of pipeline impact across modalities and across therapeutic areas. This is an exciting opportunity as we combine the best of physics-based modeling with data analytics and machine learning to accelerate drug discovery and bring benefit to patients.

Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, the following:
Influence the prospective use of computational methods and cross project datasets to enable CADD scientists and project teams.
Identify and execute on opportunities to leverage cheminformatics and machine learning to enable the small molecule portfolio.
Enhance understanding of SAR and influence team strategy by assimilating and interpreting data using modeling and data-mining technologies.
Apply and develop new approaches for SAR analysis and data analytics using multi parameter optimization methods.
Leverage literature and public resources to identify new opportunities to evolve the methodology portfolio for cheminformatics and machine learning.
Maintain and develop working knowledge of contemporary cheminformatics methods and their application to drug discovery projects.
Background Requirements:
A completed Ph.D. in cheminformatics, computational chemistry, computer science with a machine learning focus or a related field with strong portfolio of experience as demonstrated by contributions to leading journals
A minimum of 8- years of relevant professional experience.
Expertise in a subset of cheminformatics techniques: clustering, matched pairs, similarity and substructure searching, library design, model development with machine learning, virtual screening, large-scale data visualization/analysis and multiple parameter optimization methods and a familiarity with the rest.
Scientific/Technical/Functional Skills:
Demonstrated skills in the application of cheminformatics techniques using standard modeling and computational software packages
Demonstrated ability to independently design and prototype scientific applications to solve unmet needs in the context of a therapeutic project
Expertise in high performance and/or scalable computing and experience in leveraging those resources to enable project teams
Ability to serve as a lead cheminformatician on multiple drug discovery projects and be accountable for delivery of project goals
A working knowledge of medicinal chemistry and drug discovery
Proficiency and programming experience in multiple scripting languages (e.g., Perl, Python) and/or programming languages (Java, C, C++)
Excellent communication and organizational skills and ability to work within a multidisciplinary team across geographic areas to advance discovery projects are required
Personal attributes of integrity, creativity, problem solving, and strong work ethic
Bristol-Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
