ROLE SUMMARY
The Cancer Immunology Discovery (CID) group in La Jolla, CA is focused on the generation of large molecule immunotherapeutics that promote anti-tumor activity or counter immunosuppression in the tumor microenvironment. CID's efforts are supported by a world class antibody generation program, and a commitment to effective biotherapeutic design that stresses both ingenuity and simplicity. Our team takes a holistic approach to understanding the interplay of tumor, stromal, and immune cells in the tumor microenvironment, striving to define the axes of intercellular communication that could be leveraged to generate novel therapeutics.

We are seeking a qualified candidate to join us at a Scientist level to contribute to our hybridoma generation and antibody characterization activities for the identification of novel biotherapeutics. The successful candidate will work closely with individuals in antibody production, protein engineering and immunology/oncology groups to innovate and develop the next-generation of protein therapeutics for cancer immunotherapy.

The successful candidate will demonstrate clear and professional verbal and written communication, maintain an electronic notebook, and present scientific results to collaborators and at team meetings. This position will not have any direct reports. There will be less than 5% travel.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Carry out hands-on lab work for the generation and screening of hybridomas, and characterization of antibodies.
Cell-culture, rigorous maintenance, cryopreservation and cataloging of cell lines.
Antibody screening (ELISA, flow cytometry).
Antibody purification and analysis (affinity chromatography, size exclusion chromatography using FPLC, SDS-PAGE, western blot).
Antibody sequencing and analysis.
Recombinant antibody generation and production
Data analysis and reporting.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
BS/MS in Biochemistry, Molecular Biology, or related discipline with a minimum of 5 years of laboratory experience. Previous industrial experience is strongly preferred.
Cell-culture.
Antibody expression and purification.
Molecular biology techniques: DNA/RNA isolation, PCR, RT-PCR, DNA sequencing and analysis.
Screening experience: ELISA, flow cytometry an asset
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with antibody screening
Antibody sequencing (RT-PCR, 5'-RACE, NGS)
Antibody affinity measurements (SPR or BLI)
Flow cytometry
Hands-on experience with instruments such as fortebio Octet, GE AKTA Pure/Avant, Perkin-Elmer LabChip, liquid handling robots, Biacore T200 or 8K.
Western blot
Motivated, proactive, and eager to learn.
PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS

NON-STANDARD WORK SCHEDULE, TRAVEL OR ENVIRONMENT REQUIREMENTS

May require weekend work, as needed.
There will be less than 5% travel.
LI-PFE
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
