ROLE SUMMARY

Global Science and Technology (GST) - Comparative Medicine is seeking for a motivated and innovation driven candidate (as a Scientist). The candidate will report to the site lead of GST and work with a talented team in developing and executing translational animal models and imaging endpoints in oncology research and other therapeutic areas. The candidate should have experience in in vitro cell culture and in vivo animal models, imaging technologies and software tools for data and image analysis. The candidate should possess excellent interpersonal and communication skills required to work in a matrix environment with investigative partners, research unit scientists, comparative medicine/GST colleagues. The candidate will collaborate with comparative medicine colleagues, mentor junior level scientists and champion the goal of flawless animal care and embrace the 3 R's (reduce, refine and replace) for animal welfare.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Work collaboratively with a team of scientists and Comparative Medicine technical staff to develop novel translational animal models and imaging methodologies to advance the Worldwide Research, Development and Medical (WRDM) portfolio.
Demonstrate curiosity and be an active learner of science, technology, analytical tools to address the rapid developments in the imaging methods and animal models.
Ability to independently design and conduct studies to evaluate efficacy, pharmacokinetics, pharmacodynamic biomarkers and safety endpoints.
Ability to train, mentor and delegate technical work to junior scientists and technicians.
Ability to develop reports, posters, presentations to communicate internally with project teams.
Interface with technology vendors and maintenance of equipment periodically.
Must work in compliance with the United States Department of Agriculture Animal Welfare Act and associated Regulations and Standards, the Guide for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals, AAALAC accreditation standards, and under local IACUC guidelines.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
BS degree required
5+ years of relevant experience in an academic or an industry setting with knowledge of drug discovery research.
Strong technical and scientific expertise in evaluating in vivo animal modeling including tumor xenografts and genetically engineered mice models.
Experience in performing in vitro cell culture, histology and flow cytometry.
Knowledge of in vivo imaging technologies.
Good communication, leadership and social skills to work above and below the line management.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
MS degree preferred
Proficiency with at least one image analysis and visualization package (e.g. AMIDE, OsiriX, Amira, VivoQuant, etc.).
Experience in Positron Emission Tomography (PET), Fluorescent Molecular Tomography (FMT), Computed Tomography (CT), Ultrasound Imaging and analysis.
Writing Posters and publications.
PHYSICAL/MENTAL REQUIREMENTS
Able to travel domestically
Able to perform hours of data analysis/interpretation
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

#LI-PFE

Other Job Details:
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
