Recruitment Period

Open date: March 18th, 2020

Last review date: Sunday, Apr 19, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.

Final date: Thursday, Mar 18, 2021 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.

Description

Academic Position. The Division of Biomedical Informatics in the Department of Medicine at University of California San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body and seeks an Assistant, Associate, or Full Project Scientist.

We are looking for a highly motivated, personable, organized, and independent thinker who is passionate about establishing community connections and networks, and coordinating strong community engagement activities to support the All of Us Research (Precision Medicine) Program (AoURP) for the California consortium of AoURP (UCSD is the prime).

Candidates must have a PhD in a health sciences related field.

Experience in population cohorts, population sciences, and analyzing of data is preferred. Candidates with a minimum of five papers including three as first or co-first author in highly ranked academic/medical journals are preferred. Candidates with a minimum of 450 citations as verified in Google Scholar or Citation index are preferred.

Appointment will be at Assistant, Associate or Full Project Scientist level based on background and experience.

A link to full description of the Project Scientist series is provided for your review:
http://adminrecords.ucsd.edu/PPM/docs/230-311.html

Applications must be submitted through the University of California San Diego's Academic Personnel RECRUIT system at: https://apol-recruit.ucsd.edu/apply/JPF02462 .

Salary is commensurate with qualifications and based on University of California pay scales.

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

Requirements

Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter
Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)
Reference requirements
3-5 required (contact information only)
The University of California, San Diego is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. You have the right to an equal employment opportunity .

For more information about your rights, see the EEO is the Law Supplement

The University of California, San Diego is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities .

See our Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act Annual Security Reports
