BlueNalu, Inc.

Scientist / Sr. Scientist – Cell Line Development

BlueNalu, Inc. is a rapidly growing, San Diego-based company that is pioneering the production of seafood products derived directly from fish cells. Using proprietary cell biology techniques and engineering processes, BlueNalu’s platform technology can produce a wide array of value-added seafood products, that are healthy for people, humane for sea life, and sustainable for our planet. Our products will be great tasting, trusted, safe, and free of mercury and environmental contaminants.

Position Description

This role will focus on late stage cell line development and validation for use in manufacturing. The Scientist / Sr. Scientist will work closely with R&D and Process Development teams to generate, validate, and release cell banks. Candidates should have expertise in suspension cell line development including experimental design, problem solving, statistical analysis, and communication of results. This position will require significant subject matter expertise and hands-on laboratory work and the ability to lead team members as well as coordinate with external vendors. Successful candidates will join a high-performance and fast-paced team where everybody’s contribution is equally important. Candidates should be highly motivated, organized, proactive, and able to balance multiple projects.

Qualifications & Experience
MS or PhD in Bioengineering, Chemical Engineering, Cell Biology, or equivalent
Applicants with a PhD and 5+ years of industry experience are preferred, MS with 8+ years of industry experience, or Bachelors degree with 10+ years of industry experience will be considered.
Required skills:
Demonstrated expertise in suspension cell line development (may include microcarrier or spheroid culture systems), cell biology, molecular biology, cell culture, cell metabolism, and cell-based assays
Hands on experience in cell line development including expansion, cloning and sub-cloning, cell banking, and characterization
Experience working in a GMP environment preferred
Track record of successfully leading small teams to achieve project goals
Demonstrated ability to conceive, plan and execute scientific projects
Accurately summarize, interpret, and review experimental data with adequate computer skills for data acquisition, data management and visualization of experimental results
Use of DOE and related software to design and analyze experiments
Performs work independently and as part of a team to achieve company goals
High level of initiative to solve problems and ability to multitask
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Sense of humor
Desired skills:
Familiar with scale up from bench to bioreactor scale cell culture
Experience with primary muscle and/or fat cell expansion and differentiation
Experience with high-throughput screening equipment and methods
Working knowledge of food processing and industry best practices
Responsibilities
Lead late stage (suspension) cell line development projects to meet cell line requirements for manufacturing
Develop specifications and testing protocols as required for new cell line development and validation
Work cross-functionally with R&D, Process Development, and Manufacturing to successfully transfer SOPs and cell lines that meet target specifications
Collaborate with suppliers and vendors to effectively source materials and services
Lead a small team to achieve project goals and direct activities to meet project milestones
Train and supervise team members to perform project activities
Provide regular updates to the project team and management on project timelines and deliverables
Preparation of invention disclosures and other IP documentation as required
Some weekend work may be required
Additional Information

BlueNalu, Inc. provides an attractive compensation and benefits package.

All applicants must be authorized to work in the US, and willing and able to work a flexible work schedule to meet the needs of the Company. BlueNalu is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.

This is an excellent opportunity to join a small but quickly growing company where everybody’s contribution is equally important. BlueNalu is seeking team players that aredriven, focused, creative, proactive and productive, with excellent written and verbal communication skills, and excellent interpersonal and organizational skills. We are also seeking team members that enjoy and thrive in the atmosphere of a very fast-paced entrepreneurial environment, have a good sense of humor, and are personally motivated to make a difference to humanity and our planet.

Additional information about BlueNalu can be found on our website at www.bluenalu.com

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
We will strive to keep the interview process as remote as possible.

Experience:
management: 1 year (Required)
GMP environment: 1 year (Preferred)
suspension cell line development: 1 year (Required)
cell culture and cell based assay: 1 year (Required)
cell line development including expansion: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
https://www.bluenalu.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
