Description
Scientist/Associate Scientist Cancer Immunotherapy
(CAR / TCR Biology)
Job Code 337JG
Fate Therapeutics is currently seeking a motivated and skilled individual to join our NK cell immunotherapy
team in the development of allogeneic, off-the-shelf adoptive cell therapy products. This position requires
relevant laboratory experience in immunology, cell biology, or a related field, and previous experience
with aseptic technique and mammalian cell culture. The successful candidate will join our leading NK cell
research and development team and will be working to improve our understanding of CAR biology in iPSCderived, engineered NK and T cells. This position will join a growing team focusing on clinical-stage
immunotherapy product candidates. This is a full-time position and is located at our corporate
headquarters in San Diego.
Responsibilities include
Develop unique chimeric antigen receptor and T cell receptor motifs for ideal targeted antitumor function
Design and execute experiments to test and optimize CAR expression and function in iPSCderived NK cells
Develop high throughput assays for testing the functionality of CAR constructs in iPSC-derived
NK cells
Perform phenotypic and functional analyses of CAR-NK cells using multi-color flow cytometry
Design and execute in vitro functional assays and in vivo xenograft tumor models to evaluate CARNK product candidates
Collect, maintain, and organize primary data and analyses accurately and timely in accordance
with company policy
Deliver/present results in a multidisciplinary team environment that includes collaborations with
top research laboratories and institutes
Requirements
M.S. (Associate Scientist level) or Ph.D. (Scientist level) in immunology, cell biology, or a related
field, and 2+ years of laboratory experience in an academic, biotechnology, or pharmaceutical
setting.
Experience with transfecting primary immune cells, including chemical-based methods,
electroporation and retroviral/lentiviral transduction.
Experience with primary immune cell culture and in vitro assessment of T and/or NK cell effector
functions, including tumor cell killing, cytokine production and cell proliferation.
Experience with executing and troubleshooting multi-color flow cytometry (>7 colors). Experience
with BD LSR, Fortessa, FlowJo and the ability to design complicated flow panels is highly desirable.
Excellent data organization, analysis, and troubleshooting skills using Prism or Spotfire.
Positive outlook, willingness to learn and contribute, and a team-oriented attitude.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Working conditions and physical requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin
Occasional weekend and/or evening hours required
100% on site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees
within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required
from time to time.
For consideration send cover letter and curriculum vitae to: and
reference job 337JG.
About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.
Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-inclass cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a
leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products
using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company s immunooncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are
designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and
monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs).
The Company s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune , a pharmacologically
modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention
of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting
immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego,
CA. For more information, please visit .
