Description Our client is looking to hire a data scientist in the Manchester NH area. This is a full time, direct hire role as opposed to a contract position. The ideal candidate is someone who is a smart, analytical and creative thinker with great attention to detail. The main function of this role is to deliver projects from start to finish - from the problem statement and conceptualization to proof of concept and participation in the final deployment. This is a role that involves cross-team coordination with engineers, developers and analysts. The role also entails presenting results of your analysis to a range of audiences including high level executives. Our client has been repeatably nominated for the "Great Place To Work" award and is stable as well as upwardly mobile, if you are interested in joining a great organization please contact mark.ouelletterht.com to get more information or to submit a resume. Requirements - 3+ years of experience applying machine learning techniques to build models integrated into applications - Masters of Applied Math Machine Learning Data Science Statistics Operations Research or related fields - Machine Learning Machine Learning Algorithms Machine Learning Methods - Data Mining Algorithms - Python NLTK Caffe Hadoop Spark Hive - SQL programming NoSQL databases Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
