Our vision at Petco
is Healthier Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things
better for pets, people and the planet through our Think Adoption First
philosophy, the Petco Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on
putting animals first, educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint.
The journey starts with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are
proud to recommend Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who
are committed to delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores
and our network of Distribution Centers to our Corporate offices, you'll work
with others who share your values and commitment. We seek individuals who are
passionate about animal welfare, have great people skills and are driven to
grow and advance in their careers with us. Our ongoing growth is creating
exceptional opportunities for professional development and personal enrichment
throughout our organization.

Position
Purpose:

The Manager, Real Estate Data Science & Strategy will manage
the development process of complex, geographically based statistical models;
complex scripts; data mining techniques; analyses and reports to provide our
senior leaders in order to optimize our store performance and portfolio.
Oversee the mining and utilization of a wide range of data for the purpose of
new site/location selection and sales projections, market selection, territory
design, remodel program optimization, demographic profiling, clustering and
general spatial analysis tasks supporting marketing, merchandise planning,
operations and other areas throughout the company. Evaluate current GIS
and analytical systems and procedures, develop and implement process and
procedure improvements. Additionally, work with senior leadership to
conceptualize and execute a national strategy promoting the Company’s
integrated services proposition, including the full-service veterinary clinics.

Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must be able to perform
all of the following duties and responsibilities with or without a reasonable
accommodation.
Present the analytical perspective for content
presented in Real Estate Committee meetings.
Work with the Director of Real Estate Data Sciences to
provide strategic vision while interacting with executives to determine
the direction of the Real Estate Analytics team and communicating how data
should drive key business decisions.
Develop data mining techniques, complex scripts, and
statistical models to facilitate the team direction and goals.
Develop opportunities for spatial modeling and GIS
applications throughout Petco.
Work with SVP of Retail Market Expansion to develop and
operationalize a national strategy for integrated services, including
full-service veterinary clinics.
Develop and support a cross-functional go to market
strategy for in-store integrated services including but not limited to
site selection, execution of grand openings strategy, and the enhancement of the in-store customer
journey/experience and CRM outreach.
Develop and maintain a comprehensive reporting
procedure to track key performance initiatives as related to the rollout
of integrated services in stores; reporting
to include high level dashboard trackers to be delivered to senior
leadership as well as more detailed customer level analytics to better
understand the enhanced customer experience.
Work with key collaborators to develop a sustainable
labor model for in-store integrated services experience.
Interact professionally and effectively through verbal
and written communication with all professional contacts with emphasis on
company interests.
Supervisory
Responsibility: Accomplish
enterprise-level objectives by leveraging the capabilities of a team of
highly-rained statisticians, analysts and developers, including these specific
direct reports: Marketing Planning GIS Analyst Technical Data Mining
Analyst.

Work
Environment: The
majority of job duties are conducted while seated indoors at a computer
terminal, with little or no exposure to hazards. Occasional travel may be
required site evaluations, presentations or training.
#LI-DNI

Education/Experience:

Master’s Degree in Data Sciences (Computer Programming, Statistics, or Economics); PhD strongly preferred.
5 years progressively responsible and complex related experience in spatial and real estate related analysis.
Experience with retail store operations and/or capital planning strongly preferred.
Qualified candidates will possess advanced modeling and analytical skills including statistical applications, MS Excel and R; SAS, SPSS, SQL, GIS systems is a plus.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously; advanced hands-on experience working with databases also required.
Strong presentation and interpersonal communications skills are necessary due to the nature and level of interaction with senior management and other department personnel as well.

#LI-DNI

Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification.
