At Locana, we are creating a new class of precision medicines to treat a range
of human genetic diseases. Locana's RNA-targeting gene therapy platform allows
us to precisely address these mutations on the level of RNA. By targeting RNA,
our approach avoids the risk of off-target effects in DNA and is suited to
address many diseases linked to dysfunctional processing of mRNA. The wide
range of potential indications is supported by the modularity of our RNA-
targeting gene therapies which are composed of interchangeable components that
provide exquisite control of specificity and activity.

Position Summary:

We are seeking an exceptional, highly motivated and creative neuroscientist to
lead innovative research efforts focused on discovering and developing novel
gene therapy-based therapeutics to treat neurodegenerative diseases. The ideal
candidate will have expertise in molecular and cellular biology using both in
vitro and in vivo model systems and possess a deep mechanistic understanding of
the cellular pathways that contribute to neurodegeneration. A solid track
record of publications in top tier journals is required as is exceptional
communication skills. The successful candidate will be responsible for
designing, executing, and analyzing experiments as a member of a cross-
disciplinary team and should thrive in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.
Prior drug discovery experience is preferred but not required.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Design, execute, and interpret experiments testing novel RNA modulating
gene therapies in preclinical models of neurodegeneration
Independently develop and supervise creation of various iPSC-derived
neuronal, neuron-glia, organoid, and genetically engineered isogenic 2D
and 3D models of neurodegenerative diseases
Utilize the developed models to test the efficacy and activity of AAV
plasmids and gene therapy vectors, utilizing knowledge of
neurodegeneration biology
Perform and supervise analysis utilizing molecular, biochemical, and
histopathological analysis of cells and tissues relevant to models of
neurodegenerative diseases
Work collaboratively with other scientists and research associates; may
supervise one or more research associates
Evaluate external research landscape, initiate and manage collaborations
Present data internally and at scientific conferences.
REQUIREMENTS:
Ph.D. in neuroscience or a closely related discipline
4 years postdoctoral/industry experience in cellular and molecular
research relevant to neurogenerative diseases; Industry experience
strongly preferred
Experience and knowledge of neurodegeneration biology, in areas such as
ALS, Parkinson s disease, Huntington s disease, etc.
Expertise in cell culture and development of iPSC-derived neurons and
immortalized cell lines relevant to neurological diseases; organoid
experience a plus
Experience with molecular biology techniques such as RNA isolation, qPCR,
immunoblot
Experience with handling cells and tissues for molecular biology and
histology and staining and imaging techniques including
immunocytochemistry and light and fluorescence microscopy.
Proven track record of accomplishments, including publications in top
tier journals and presentations at meetings.
Excellent communication and presentation skills, capable of conveying
technical information in a clear and thorough manner.
Strong interpersonal skills including a proven track record of building
and maintaining effective working relationships
The ability to manage multiple assignments effectively in a fast-paced
environment
Positive can-do attitude, strong organizational and time management
skills and flexibility to react quickly to changing research needs
Self-starter who is highly motivated and not afraid to take risks
Locana is dedicated to fostering a workplace that keeps our team inspired and
engaged. We offer an inclusive company culture where employees feel respected
and valued.

Locana offers a competitive benefits package including medical, dental and life
insurance benefits for employees and their families. We also offer a 401(k)
plan with a matching contribution and stock options. Locana is proud to be an
equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration
for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender
identity, national origin, genetics, disability, age, sexual orientation,
veteran status or any other protected categories.

Send your cover letter and resume for immediate consideration to
