Recruitment Period

Open date: July 23rd, 2019

Last review date: Sunday, Mar 15, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications received after this date will be reviewed by the search committee if the position has not yet been filled.

Final date: Wednesday, Jul 22, 2020 at 11:59pm (Pacific Time)
Applications will continue to be accepted until this date, but those received after the review date will only be considered if the position has not yet been filled.

Description

The Department of Medicine ( http://med.ucsd.edu ) and the Division of Gastroenterology & Hepatology at University of California, San Diego, is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body and seeks a Research Scientist to be the Head of a Human Liver Cell Isolation Lab.

The selected candidate will perform a) isolation of four cell types (hepatocytes, Hepatic Stellate Cells, Kupffer cells, and Endothelial cells) from livers which are rejected for transplantation; b) cell characterization and cryopreservation, storage, cataloging; c) in vitro studies using cell stimulation, co-culturing; d) generation of humanized mice. The candidate will develop several independent scientific projects focused on NASH and ASH-induced cross-talk between human hepatocytes/HSCs/Kupffer cells, characterization of their gene expression profile and epigenetic signature. The candidate will apply for NIH funds to support the Human Cell Isolation lab and research projects. This position will be supported by one technician full time.

Candidates must have a PhD or equivalent with an emphasis relevant to Gastroenterology.

Candidates with demonstrated experience in whole human liver perfusion and cell isolation using gradient centrifugation, primary murine/human cell isolation techniques, primary cell culture, immunocytochemistry, RNA-Seq, single-cell RNA-Seq, ChIP-Seq, flow cytometry, grant writing, excellent leadership skills are preferred

Appointment will be at the Assistant, Associate or Full Research Scientist rank. Salary is commensurate with qualifications and based on University of California pay scales.

A link to full description of the Research Scientist series is provided for your review:
http://www.ucop.edu/academic-personnel-programs/_files/apm/apm-310.pdf

Applications must be submitted through the University of California San Diego's Academic Personnel RECRUIT system at: https://apol-recruit.ucsd.edu/apply/JPF02186 .

The University of California is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, age or protected veterans status.

Requirements

Document requirements
Curriculum Vitae - Your most recently updated C.V.
Cover Letter
Statement of Contributions to Diversity - Applicants should summarize their past or potential contributions to diversity. See our Faculty Equity site for more information.
Misc / Additional (Optional)
Reference requirements
3 required (contact information only)
The University of California, San Diego is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. You have the right to an equal employment opportunity .

For more information about your rights, see the EEO is the Law Supplement

The University of California, San Diego is committed to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities .

See our Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act Annual Security Reports
