ROLE SUMMARY
We seek an accomplished Sr. Principal Scientist in the field of Oncology and Immune Oncology to join the in vivo pharmacology group within Oncology Research & Development (ORD) in La Jolla, California. The successful candidate will join a dynamic team of scientists in the In Vivo Pharmacology Group, playing a leading role in developing in vivo strategies to support project teams to evaluate new drug candidates, define mechanisms and identify new targets. Additionally, they will play a role in developing and leading department initiatives to identify and validate novel models and techniques that enable us to more accurately recapitulate human disease.
The Sr. Principal Scientist/In Vivo Lead will participate in pre-clinical drug discovery and development projects with a focus on immuno-oncology while also contributing to projects related to signal transduction, targeted therapeutics, and epigenetics. The successful candidate will be responsible for working with cross functional project teams to design, plan and execute an in vivo strategy to ensure efficient and effective project decision-making. They will also be a key contributor to the In Vivo Committee, responsible for presenting study plans and obtaining peer input for protocol finalization and approval to meet research project objectives. The individual will directly supervise laboratory staff that make up an in vivo team responsible for study performance and data analysis and play a role creating and driving in the Pharmacology Department strategy. The Sr. Principal Scientist will provide technical and scientific expertise in in vivo pharmacology across ORD to enable target identification, validation, prioritization and efficient drug discovery. The candidate should have a track record of training and mentoring junior scientist and demonstrate an ability to work within cross functional teams. Ideal applicants will possess excellent communication, leadership and organizational skills, an ability for "big picture" thinking, critical problem-solving abilities, and a commitment to excellence.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Establish scientific in vivo strategy and study plans for drug discovery projects and department infrastructure.
Serve as the in vivo pharmacology lead for several drug discovery projects.
Work within multi-functional teams to support target identification, validation, drug discovery and combination therapy.
Works across In vivo teams in a highly collaborative manner, sharing expertise and resources to meet study needs across In Vivo Pharmacology.
Design and conduct in vivo studies to evaluate and establish efficacy, PK/PD relationship, combination strategy, biomarker identification and analysis.
Develop and characterize new in vivo mouse models, including syngeneic tumor and genetically engineered mouse (GEM) models, to study biologic mechanisms and support exploration of novel cancer immune therapeutics and targeted Interpretation, presentation and documentation of experiments as well as preparation of reports. This will be achieved through leveraging the expertise of both internal and external thought leaders to develop models with greater clinical translatability.
Provide interpretation of model systems in the context of clinical translatability.
The Sr. Principal Scientist will generate and be accountable for the necessary Animal Use Protocols that ensures team members comply with all regulatory requirements and internal policies.
Facilitate and lead the development and execution of ancillary in vitro assays necessary to maximize value of the contribution by the in vivo team.
Responsible for contribution to relevant in vivo sections of study reports and regulatory documents i.e. IND filings. Written and verbal presentation of results within a multidisciplinary team environment. Ensure that projects have all critical in vivo data to enable project stage dependent decisions. Publication of results in scientific peer-reviewed journals and presentations at internal, national, and international meetings.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. in Cancer Biology, Immunology, Biochemistry, Genetics or equivalent experience in a related discipline with > 8 years post Ph.D. Industry experience with technical and scientific experience in drug discovery and preclinical development.
Supervisory, mentoring and leadership experience.
Demonstrated track record in collaborative research in Oncology drug discovery programs.
Expertise in animal models of human cancers as well as strong publication record or evidence of equivalent achievements in industry are desired.
Expertise with GEMM and humanized models highly desirable. Hands on in vivo (e.g.: IV, PO dosing, blood/tissue collection) and ex vivo skills (flow cytometry, western blot, ELISA).
Excellent written and oral communication and presentation skills in English. Proficiency in all common office and scientific software.
Candidate demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.
Other Job Details:
Eligible for Relocation Package
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
