ROLE SUMMARY
We seek a talented and highly motivated computational biologist to join a team that supports oncology drug discovery by developing and applying innovative analytical tools and methodology with a focus on multi-omics and single cell genomics. This is an exciting opportunity to make an impact at all stages of drug discovery including target identification, translational research and clinical development in a dynamic, collaborative and inter-disciplinary environment. The successful candidate will have a combination of strong computational and biological background, with proven capability of solving complex problems by creating innovative analytical solutions.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop and apply state of the art computational approaches for spatial transcriptomics, RNA-Seq, ATAC-Seq and other high-dimensional multi-omics data analyses.
Collaborate with experimental biologists to support technology development for transcriptomics and epigenomics profiling for application in clinical and translational research.
Contribute to data integration efforts and perform data mining analyses to identify novel drug targets and biomarker hypotheses and derive insights into drug resistance and mechanism of action.
Contribute to data analysis and publication efforts in cross-interdisciplinary clinical genomics studies that aim to elucidate drug resistance mechanisms and immune response to standard-of-care therapies.
Contribute to the development of pipelines and systems for data analysis, integration and management.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
PhD or equivalent in bioinformatics, computational biology or a closely related field.
Strong skills in scientific programming (R, Python, Perl) in UNIX/LINUX environment and algorithm development.
Proven record of scientific rigor and success in applying state-of-the-art computational approaches to solving biological problems, preferably in cancer biology and medicine.
Strong background in high-dimensional, multivariate data analysis and biostatistics/machine learning methods.
Demonstrated skills and experience in multi-omics data analysis (whole exome/genome sequencing, bulk-tumor and single-cell RNA-Seq), with deep knowledge of high throughput molecular profiling.
Ability to multi-task, effectively communicate (oral and written) and work in multidisciplinary teams.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Postdoctoral or work experience in biopharmaceutical industry and academia.
Experience in spatial transcirptomics, epigenomics or single cell sequencing data analysis.
Experience in developing web-based applications and databases.
OTHER JOB DETAILS
Eligible for Relocation Package
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
