The Ombudsman’s Office (OMB) is a neutral and confidential resource for member firms and their employees, public investors, and any other business or individual who interacts with FINRA to voice their concerns about operations, enforcement, or other FINRA activities or staff. The Analyst is responsible for collecting and analyzing ombudsman and other secondary data to identify patterns, trends and problematic issues. This is professional position, developing and refining skills and receives moderate supervision and regular direction from a manager.

Essential Job Functions:
Maintains strict confidence and neutrality while performing duties and responsibilities and strictly adheres to the ombudsman Standards of Practice.
Utilizing data analytics, gather and analyze Ombudsman and other FINRA data to determine significant patterns, trends, and areas that may require additional focus by Ombudsman case managers.
Partners with Ombudsman case managers to conduct research to detect underlying causes of problematic issues and trends, and develop recommendations for improvement.
Responsible for the production of management-level quarterly and annual statistical and other ad-hoc reports that identify trends, risks, recommendations, and ongoing work status.
Supports the development of recommendations where other departments’ policies, procedures, and practices should be created or improved.
Develops case documentation guidelines and the development/maintenance of a knowledge management (FAQs, topical dictionary) tool.
Acts as a point of contact in the development of the Ombudsman office case tracking and reporting system, a system used to track all inquiries and complaints received by the Office, including complaint details, progress notes, report of findings, and resolution summaries.
Acts as the lead in testing of system requirements and in system maintenance.
Other Responsibilities:
Works with the Ombudsman team on the development of departmental processes and procedures that guide the ongoing activities of the Office and primarily responsible for developing and maintaining written procedures.
Receives and manages inquiries from FINRA constituents to determine the appropriate referral department or resolution and captures detailed records of inquiries in the department’s case tracking and reporting system.
Support Ombudsman case managers by assisting with research for complex cases as needed.
Ensure all records are retained in accordance with FINRA and the office’s Information Privacy and Protection Policy and Record Retention Requirements.
Special Projects as assigned.
Education/Experience Requirements:
Bachelors in Computer Science, Engineering, Business, Finance, Economics, or Statistics and 2+ years of cumulative relevant experience; or equivalent combination of training and/or work experience.
1 - 3 years of securities, compliance or financial regulatory experience preferred.
Quantitative and qualitative analysis experience and strong analytical and critical thinking skills required.
Experience with SQL and relational database design.
Experience generating, improving and automating statistical and graphical charts.
Advanced skills utilizing Microsoft Excel, Access, and PowerPoint
Microsoft 365, and Visual Basic experience helpful.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including interactions with both internal and external constituents.
Strong organizational skills and excellent detail orientation are essential.
Working Conditions:
Professional office environment
Occasional travel may be required.
To be considered for this position, please submit an application.

The information provided above has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work of the position. It is not a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required.

Please note: If the “Apply Now” button on a job board posting does not take you directly to the FINRA Careers site, enter www.finra.org/careers into your browser to reach our site directly.

FINRA strives to make our career site accessible to all users. If you need a disability-related accommodation for completing the application process, please contact FINRA’s accommodation help line at 240.386.4865. Please note that this number is exclusively for inquiries regarding application accommodations.

In addition to a competitive salary, comprehensive health and welfare benefits, and incentive compensation, FINRA offers immediate participation and vesting in a 401(k) plan with company match. You will also be eligible for participation in an additional FINRA-funded retirement contribution, our tuition reimbursement program and many other benefits. If you would like to contribute to our important mission and work collegially in a professional organization that values intelligence, integrity and initiative, consider a career with FINRA.

Important Information

FINRA’s Code of Conduct imposes restrictions on employees’ investments and requires financial disclosures that are uniquely related to our role as a securities regulator. FINRA employees are required to disclose to FINRA all brokerage accounts that they maintain, and those in which they control trading or have a financial interest (including any trust account of which they are a trustee or beneficiary and all accounts of a spouse, domestic partner or minor child who lives with the employee) and to authorize their broker-dealers to provide FINRA with duplicate statements for all of those accounts. All of those accounts are subject to the Code’s investment and securities account restrictions, and new employees must comply with those investment restrictions—including disposing of any security issued by a company on FINRA’s Prohibited Company List or obtaining a written waiver from their Executive Vice President—by the date they begin employment with FINRA. Employees may only maintain securities accounts that must be disclosed to FINRA at one or more securities firms that provide an electronic feed (e-feed) of data to FINRA, and must move securities accounts from other securities firms to a firm that provides an e-feed within three months of beginning employment.

You can read more about these restrictions here.

As standard practice, employees must also execute FINRA’s Employee Confidentiality and Invention Assignment Agreement without qualification or modification and comply with the company’s policy on nepotism.

Search Firm Representatives

Please be advised that FINRA is not seeking assistance or accepting unsolicited resumes from search firms for this employment opportunity. Regardless of past practice, a valid written agreement and task order must be in place before any resumes are submitted to FINRA. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at FINRA without a valid written agreement and task order in place will be deemed the sole property of FINRA and no fee will be paid in the event that person is hired by FINRA.

FINRA is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status or any other classification protected by federal state or local laws as appropriate, or upon the protected status of the person’s relatives, friends or associates.

FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified individuals with disabilities.

FINRA abides by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a). This regulation prohibits discrimination against qualified protected veterans, and requires affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors to employ and advance in employment qualified protected veterans.

©2020 FINRA. All rights reserved. FINRA is a registered trademark of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc.
