Part-Time Clinical Lab Scientist (CLS), San Diego, CA

We are seeking a part time Clinical Laboratory Scientist (CLS) to conduct tests on the tissue, blood and body fluids of donors and patients. The CLS processes, tests and analyzes biological specimens, performs laboratory procedures, maintains instruments and evaluates and interprets results.

The CLS independently performs consistently moderate and somewhat complex clinical tests. Exhibits skills and proficiency in applying technical principles and techniques of medical technology.

Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Prepares and tests new reagents or controls and evaluates their usefulness based on standard criteria.
Performs test calibrations and runs Quality Control material at appropriate intervals.
Determines the acceptability of specimens for testing according to established criteria in testing procedures.
Determines calculated results utilizing testing data by means of manual or computerized procedures.
Accurately enters results of testing. Checks the computer review reports to monitor accurate reporting of laboratory results.
Evaluates the acceptability of routine analysis prior to releasing patient reports. Takes appropriate action in response to critical values or unusual or unexpected results, and documents action taken.
Responsible for performing preventative maintenance and/or calibration of laboratory equipment and properly documenting actions taken based on approved schedule.
Evaluates the results of instrument performance checks. Performs linearity, accuracy and precision checks as required.
Performs Q/C and calibrations with the appropriate frequency and evaluates results, to decide whether tests should be reported. Reports any shifts or trends to a Supervisor.
Accurately performs and records proficiency testing.
Recognizes problems, and initiates troubleshooting steps to evaluate testing failures and other problems, if necessary. Notifies the supervisor, and contacts manufacturer for additional assistance or field service support, if required.
Monitors and maintains a consistent supply of reagents and consumables.
Track inventory levels and accurately count supplies.
Notify Laboratory Coordinator of supplies to order
Provides on-going technical guidance to laboratory assistants, laboratory associates, and other Clinical Laboratory Scientists. Instructs and/or trains new employees in the proper performance of routine procedures.
Job Requirements:
Bachelor's of Science degree (BS) in Medical Technology or Biological Sciences from an accredited college or university.
License: California state Clinical Laboratory Scientist license to perform laboratory testing and have 0-3 years of direct experience in a laboratory setting.
Demonstrate problem solving skills while maintaining accuracy and a sense of urgency.
Desire to work as part of a team accelerating the cure and prevention of significant medical conditions at life-changing speed.
For Immediate Consideration, Apply Today! Questions? Email Alex at Aleo431@KellyScientific.com for More Info.

Why Kelly®?


Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interestsits the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
