Match Affinity is a division of Match Group that drives the fastest growing dating apps. Every month, millions of users come to our apps, like BLK and Chispa, to find matches and make great connections.

What’s my day-to-day?
As a Data Analyst on our Product Analytics Team, you’ll use data to understand our users -- what they need, what they do, how to retain them, and ultimately how to help them find the best dates. Then you will partner with cross-functional teams to provide long-term strategic insights for our products. You will also support business trends/forecasting and model the financial impact of new product ideas.

Your responsibilities will include:
Crunching large data sets, analyzing, and driving key insights
Working with other cross-functional teams like Finance, CRM, Engineering and Business Intelligence
Providing internal consulting to product management, marketing, finance, and CRM teams on A/B tests as they move initiatives from concept to market
Providing key insights to internal customers on their specific ad-hoc needs
Working as the product owner of all the revenue and retention strategies for the product
Serving as the subject matter expert on applying various statistical methodologies towards distilling actionable insights
Researching issues about customer behavior/changes by analyzing relevant metrics, trends and supporting enterprise level initiatives
Supporting these products: Chispa, BLK, OurTime, SingleParentMeet
The skills we’re looking for:
The ability to analyze data and translate those findings into meaningful insights for the business
3+ years of SQL (T-SQL preferred)
Advanced Excel knowledge – Functions, Pivot Tables
Exposure to applied statistics (descriptive statistics, statistical testing, design of experiments, linear modelling, time series analysis etc); Python/SPSS/SAS/R experience a plus
Excellent problem solving skills
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering / related field, Marketing, or MBA with quantitative focus
Self-starter with good communications skills
Experience in consumer internet preferred
*applicants will be required to complete a SQL and Analysis skills assessment test


Why Match Group?
A lot of places say they change lives, but we actually do it. We’ve helped millions of people find love and happiness!
Here are a few perks we'd love to offer you:

$1,500 annual training budget
100% employer match on 401k contributions
Flexible work from home schedules
Drinks and snacks are on us every single day. If you love La Croix, hit us up

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Learn more about why our employees love working at Match!
