Lassogen Job Opportunity

Senior Scientist, Computational Modeling

Lassogen is an early-stage biotechnology company in San Diego that is passionate about establishing lasso peptides as a new class of programmable therapeutics. Lasso peptides are defined by an unusual 3D threaded structure with a knotted topology that engenders them with superior properties such as high stability and activity against an increasingly large range of disease targets that are challenging for existing modalities such as antibodies and small molecules. We are exploring lasso peptides that target G protein- coupled receptors and ion channels, with applications in oncology, autoimmunity, and pain and inflammation. Lasso peptides are prevalent in nature and are used extensively by bacteria as hypervariable molecules that are evolved for purpose. The high diversity, uniquely constrained structures, and programmable nature of lasso peptides renders them ideally suited for target-directed computational modeling and structure-based design approaches.

We are seeking a Senior Scientist to lead our computational modeling efforts focused on designing lasso peptides through the use of advanced computational tools, including artificial intelligence. Candidates will continuously interact with a multi-disciplinary team and make important contributions to our groundbreaking science in an exciting start-up environment where everyone makes a difference. To inquire about this important position at Lassogen, please send a CV or resume to
team (at) lassogen.com .

Key Responsibilities:
Apply structure-based molecular design, virtual screening, library design, lasso peptide & peptidomimetic modeling, ligand/receptor docking, statistical modeling, 3D-pharmacophore development, receptor modeling, homology modeling, database searching, molecular dynamics, and conformational analyses to advance all drug discovery projects.
Develop strategies to enhance drug design capabilities and use cheminformatic approaches to identify quality therapeutic lead molecules through iterative modeling and experimental testing.
Implement commercial modeling software packages (e.g., MOE, ICM-Pro, Maestro, etc.) and write code to enhance modeling capabilities that are required for design of lasso peptide lead molecules, including algorithms for accurate lasso peptide structure prediction from sequence data.
Lead lasso peptide design and optimization efforts through knowledge of SAR and a basic understanding of target biology, and application of predictive methods for on- and off-target activity, physical properties, and PK/PD behavior.
Build a lasso peptide sequence, structure, property, function database that can be employed for the optimization of multiple properties and used in conjunction with advanced AI algorithms.
Work closely with our drug discovery and development teams to create and optimize new lasso peptide lead molecules with properties consistent with clinical success.
Qualifications and Skills:
A Ph.D. (or equivalent) in Computational Chemistry, Quantum Mechanics, Computational
Chemical Biology, or a related discipline with 4+ years of pharmaceutical or biotech experience demonstrating a strong understanding of molecular mechanics, drug design and discovery principles (non-Ph.D. scientists with relevant experience also will be considered).
Deep knowledge of modern molecular modeling and ligand optimization methods applied to drug discovery. Strong understanding in machine learning methods is a plus.
Strong publication history in peer-reviewed journals and experience writing funded grants.
Experience with commercial molecular modeling, visualization, and data mining software, including R, KNIME, Orange, OpenNN, and/or Microsoft Analysis Services.
Strong interpersonal skills, excellent oral and written communication skills.
Able to adjust and thrive in a fast-paced, dynamic, multi-disciplinary, team-driven work environment.
Able to manage, organize, and critically evaluate data.
Must be detail-oriented, self-motivated, and able to work independently.
Preferred Requirements: Expertise with a wide array of computational methods, including programming, statistics, and data analysis.
Key Leadership Competencies:
Builds strong relationships with peers and cross functionally with partners to enable higher performance.
Learns fast, grasps the "essence" and can change course quickly where indicated. Raises the bar and is never satisfied with the status quo.
Creates a learning environment, open to suggestions and experimentation for improvement.
Embraces the ideas of others, nurtures innovation.
Work Environment:

This position is based in San Diego, where Lassogen currently is a resident of JLABS. This position primarily will involve working in an office setting and will require communication with other individuals from different backgrounds through a variety of methods, both remote and in-person. Travel may be required periodically.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $130,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www,lassogen.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
