Job Description
Mirati Therapeutics (NASDAQ: MRTX) is a San Diego-based clinical-stage biotechnology company dedicated to advancing novel therapeutics that extend the lives of patients by directly addressing the genetic and immunological drivers of cancer. Mirati is developing sitravatinib, designed to selectively target a spectrum of tyrosine kinases implicated in both tumor growth and the suppression of immune responses to tumors. Sitravatinib has demonstrated durable responses in lung cancer patients whose cancer has progressed despite treatment with checkpoint inhibitors - an area of significant unmet medical need. Sitravatinib is being evaluated in multiple clinical trials to treat patients who are refractory to prior immune checkpoint inhibitor therapy, including a potentially registration-enabling Phase 3 trial of sitravatinib in combination with a checkpoint inhibitor in non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) that is currently enrolling patients.

Mirati is also developing novel direct inhibitors of KRAS mutations including MRTX849, a potent and selective inhibitor of KRAS G12C. This historically difficult to drug target is present in approximately 14% of NSCLC adenocarcinomas, 4% of colorectal cancer as well as smaller percentages of several other difficult-to-treat cancers. MRTX849 is being evaluated in a Phase 1/2 clinical trial as a treatment for patients with KRAS G12C-positive tumors. Our research on G12C has led to breakthroughs in targeting other KRAS mutations including G12D which drives tumor growth in more patients than G12C and includes pancreatic, colorectal and other types of cancer.

We are Mirati

Our mission is to discover, design, and deliver breakthrough therapies to transform the lives of cancer patients and their loved ones. We have built a culture fueled by accountability, urgency, collaboration and open-mindedness, and have established ourselves as an innovator within our industry. As we grow, we are looking to build diverse teams, with skilled individuals that are passionate about their work.

Why join us?

The Drug Discovery team at Mirati is responsible for the invention, optimization and characterization of quality small molecules as clinical candidates for Mirati research programs. The Principal Scientist will be responsible for bio-analysis, PK calculations and LC/MS method development, and will support fit-for-purpose ADME assay and formulation activities enabling advancement of oncology drug discovery programs. Extensive experience within bio-analysis and PK and strong LC/MS skills are desired.

Your Responsibilities:
Provide bio-analysis of samples from PK, PK-PD and efficacy studies
Develop robust LC/MS methods supporting analysis of plasma and tumors for drug content
Calculate PK parameters, analyze PK-PD data and present to project teams
Provide non-routine in vitro ADME assays supporting lead progression to IND
Support early formulation evaluation for discovery programs and pharmacology/PK/toxicology studies
Work closely with project leaders to provide DMPK expertise as a key member of drug discovery teams
Add bio-analytical and MS expertise to our productive, internal Mirati DMPK lab
Maintain effective communication with CROs and maintain corporate data base
Author IND reports; prepare and deliver internal presentations and external publications as driven by the project and corporate strategies
What is Required:
D with 3+ years, MS with 10+ years or BS. with 15+ years of experience in a relevant laboratory environment with analytical chemistry, DMPK and drug discovery background
Relevant pharmaceutical or biotech industry experience preferred
A proven track record of experience and expertise in bio-analysis, in vitro ADME and LC/MS method development, trouble shooting and equipment maintenance.
Demonstrated DMPK related experience in advancing lead compounds through preclinical discovery stages to candidate selection preferred
Experience with Sciex instrumentation, regulated and non-regulated bio-analysis, and a solid understanding of fundamentals of PK and ADME preferred
Demonstration of outstanding communication skills through internal and external presentations and publications
Mirati's policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regards to race, color, religion, creed, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic informations, or any other basis protected by applicable law.

Notice to Third Party Agencies: Please note that Mirati Therapeutics Inc. does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
