Employer Fate Therapeutics, Inc.

Location San Diego, CA, United States

Posted Jul 06, 2020

Ref 340DC

Discipline Quality, Science/R & D, Biotechnology

Hotbed Biotech Beach

Required Education Doctorate/PHD/MD

Position Type Full time

You need to sign in or create an account to save

Fate Therapeutics is seeking a motivated associate scientist with qPCR and ddPCR assay experience to support Fate's Quality Control and Manufacturing programs. The successful candidate will execute and analyze experiments to assess the purity, identity, and potency of stem cell-based therapeutics under cGMP environment. Candidates should have experience working with mammalian cell culture, assay development and assay qualification. This is a full-time position will report to a Senior Scientist, Quality Control and is located at our corporate headquarters in San Diego, California.

Responsibilities
Optimize, plan and execute method transfer, qualification and validation of qPCR,
ddPCR and other cell-based assays for stem cell-derived cell therapy products
Perform assays to support Fate's clinical programs including testing of samples from
ongoing clinical trials and from manufacturing processes
Perform data analysis, track data trends, and write comprehensive reports of QC
methods
Perform document writing, review, and work within a Quality System for
documentation of reports, assay performance and assay results
Assist with general management of the laboratory schedule, space, equipment, and inventory
Qualifications
Ph.D. degree in Biological Sciences or other related field or M.S. degree in Biological
Sciences or other related field with a minimum of 2+ years of laboratory experience in clinical or biopharmaceutical setting
qPCR or ddPCR assay development experience is a must; experience with the Bio- Rad CFX and QX are strongly preferred
Experience working with human blood and blood products using sterile technique, cell culture or other related experience
Experience with flow cytometry or other cell-based analytical methods is preferred
Familiarity with a GLP, GMP, or CLIA laboratory environment
Highly organized, detail oriented with excellent record keeping abilities, and strong
analytical and problem-solving skills
Knowledge about hematopoietic cell populations is preferred
Familiarity with FDA, ICH and GMP guidelines is preferred
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin
Occasional evening and Saturday work will be required
100% on-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time. For consideration send cover letter and curriculum vitae to: and reference job 340DC.

About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.
Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company's immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company's immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA. For more information, please visit .

More searches like this
Quality jobs in San Diego
Science/R & D jobs in San Diego
Biotechnology jobs in San Diego
