Salary:
Published Job Title:
Administrative Assistant / Data Analyst Supporting the DEA

Requisition::
20-318

Worksite::
DEA

Position Schedule::
Full-time

Description::

Be a part of the nationwide law enforcement initiative that removes the tools of crime from criminal organizations, depriving wrongdoers of proceeds from their crime and impacting the infrastructure of criminal enterprises.

Focused on delivering unsurpassed services in support of law enforcement and homeland security, FSA, a rapidly growing joint venture owned by trusted solutions providers SAIC and Amentum, has a vacancy for a Data Analyst/Driver Messenger. In this role, you will be supporting the overall mission of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA).

Responsibilities
Receives, gathers, and organizes information from multiple sources.
Ensures completeness of received information and reconciles inconsistencies.
Accurately enters required data into one or more databases, documents, or spreadsheets.
Establishes and maintains physical files.
Keeps track of case file status in order to ensure compliance with established deadlines.
Coordinates requests for additional information as needed.
Selects relevant information form a variety of sources in order to prepare documents, reports, summaries, and replies to inquiries, ensuring accuracy and proper format of the information provided.
Provides accurate and timely status updates.
May be required to occasionally perform driver and messenger activities. This can include operation of Government vehicles or Contractor vehicles in performance of contract requirements and seized conveyances in the custody of the Government.
Delivers messages, documents, packages, and mail to business concerns or Government offices. Can also include delivery of seized assets (including high value and confidential) in accordance with approved Government requirements.
Maintains logs for received and delivered items.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Requirements::

Requirements
High School diploma or GED, Undergraduate degree preferred
Possess a valid driver's license and have a safe driving record
Ability to grasp and understand the organization and functions of the customer
Meticulous data entry skills
Excellent communication skills; oral and written
Competence to review, interpret, and evaluate complex legal and non-legal documents
Attention to detail and the ability to read and follow directions is extremely important
Strong organizational and prioritization skills
Experience with the Microsoft Office suite of applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) and other common software applications, to include databases, intermediate skills preferred
Proven commitment and competence to provide excellent customer service; positive and flexible
Ability to work in a team environment and maintain a professional disposition
This position requires U.S. Citizenship and a 7 (or 10) year minimum background investigation

Agency Overview

The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) is responsible for conducting national and international investigations targeting global drug trafficking networks and drug-related terrorism involved in the illegal growing, manufacturing, or distribution of controlled substances appearing in or destined for illicit traffic in the United States. A component of DEA's strategic mission is the use of the Asset Forfeiture Program, implementing major investigative strategies against drug networks and cartels, resulting in significant seizure and forfeiture activities.

Shift Schedule::
Normal business hours

EEO Statement::
Forfeiture Support Associates (FSA) LLC is proud to be an Affirmative Action/ Equal Opportunity Employer. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote qualified persons in all job titles without regard to age, ancestry, color, gender, HIV status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation (including gender expression and identity) veteran status, family leave status, and any protected group status as defined by applicable law.

FSA Internal Use Only::
