Analytics - Business Assurance Data Analyst (Cedar Rapids, IA)

Position Summary
GreatAmerica is a national commercial equipment finance company dedicated to helping manufacturers, vendors and dealers be more successful and keep their customers for a lifetime. While GreatAmerica has grown to more than 600 team members, our entrepreneurial spirit remains and endless opportunities lie ahead. We have experienced unparalleled year over year growth since our founding in 1992. GreatAmerica is structured in cross functional teams that allow individuals make informed decisions that benefit the company and our customers. There is no doubt in our minds we are building the greatest company of its kind, offering the finest products and services available anywhere. When you are part of the GreatAmerica team, you are part of the best. You are part of the future, part of an opportunity to grow professionally and to reach your potential while enjoying your work.



Position Summary

As a key member of Internal Audit, this role will explore innovative ways to leverage data as well as design and develop analytics/automation that will improve and optimize Internal Audit initiatives in helping to achieve the objectives of the annual audit plan. This role will also explore efficiencies in current activities by exploring automation, and influence the ways we think about data and use technology in the audit process. This position provides a unique opportunity to leverage data skills and advance one’s audit skills through exposure to the company’s many different functions.

Duties and Responsibilities
Identifying, designing and developing analytics protocols, standards and reporting to support Internal Audit activities.
Using technology tools to automate audit testing and develop techniques for continuous auditing and analyzing large volumes of data.
Planning, performing, drawing conclusions and reporting on internal audits as assigned in accordance with the annual audit plan.
Researching current internal audit and financial best practices/techniques with each engagement.
Following up on audit recommendations to ensure resolution.
Building/maintaining effective professional relationships within Internal Audit and Senior Leadership.
Assisting in preparation of quarterly reports to the Audit Committee and Senior Leadership.
Assisting external auditors with audits they have Internal Audit perform for their annual audit.
Attending training/webinars/seminars to obtain appropriate level of annual Continuing Professional Education hours, with learning to be applied in the workplace.
Providing input on department’s risk assessment and annual plan.
Taking on special projects or assignments as requested.

Position Qualifications
Competencies

For all GreatAmerica team members: Honesty/Integrity, Customer Oriented, Accountability, Tenacious, Communication Skills (Oral & Written), Adaptability

For this position: strong communication skills – both verbal and written, strong quantitative analytical and problem solving skills, detail-oriented, ability to see the big picture/think critically, and ability to get along well with others at all levels of the company/team player.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in a Business-related field (Accounting, Finance, Information Systems) or STEM field (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) is preferred.

Experience 2 - 3 years of relevant experience, advanced Excel, technical and/or data analytics knowledge a plus. Certification, or a desire to obtain certification preferred. Knowledge of the lease industry a plus.

Skills and Abilities

A mixture of multidisciplinary skills, ranging from data analytics, accounting, internal controls, auditing techniques and communication/presentation is preferred.

Advanced proficiency in Excel (Visual Basic and Pivot Tables), with general knowledge of Microsoft Suite preferred.

Data Visualization experience with tools such as Tableau is a plus.

Data Analytics / Business Intelligence experience is a plus.

Experience acquiring data via SQL routines is a plus.

Other Requirements

Good interpersonal and communication skills (both written & verbal), Ability and willingness to travel which is only occasional. Willing to work more than 40 hour weeks as the demands and the expectation of the department dictate
