ROLE SUMMARY
Pfizer's Biotherapeutic Discovery group in La Jolla is seeking an outstanding, highly motivated and proven protein engineering expert. The candidate will be responsible for developing biologics. The primary responsibility will be the engineering of next generation biologics and hit identification/lead optimization of antibodies. Additionally, the candidate will be responsible for working closely with individuals in both protein engineering and biology groups to innovate and develop the next generation of protein therapeutics. The candidate will have access to state of the art protein and antibody engineering technologies and will be expected to continue our tradition of developing world class methods and technologies that enhance our therapeutic discovery efforts.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Successful experience in translating their knowledge of protein structure/function into therapeutic molecules
Carry out hands-on lab work to apply protein engineering principles to the generation of novel protein therapeutics
Isolating and optimizing antibodies using Pfizer's proprietary synthetic antibody libraries.
Comfortable working with automation methods using liquid handling equipment
Generate highly diverse libraries and set up selections to obtain the desired function
Generation of diverse next generation of biologics
Expected to provide strategic direction and innovative approaches across multiple modalities
Work in multidisciplinary and cross-functional teams to develop next generation therapeutics and influence project teams in their decision making.
Desire to understand underlying biology and mechanism of targets and biologics.
Present experimental designs and results at internal meetings
Responsible for isolating and optimizing antibodies using Pfizer's proprietary synthetic antibody libraries.
Work within a multidisciplinary and cross-functional team to advance biologics through different stages of the development
Independently design experiments, analyze data and troubleshoot methods
Present experimental design and results at internal meetings
The successful candidate will demonstrate a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Ph.D. in Biological Science (Molecular Biology, Structural Biology, Protein Biochemistry, Cell Biology) or a related field (Chemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering and Biological Engineering) is required.
At least 8 years of post-graduate experience in either an academic or industrial setting.
Demonstrates a breadth of diverse leadership experiences and capabilities including: the ability to influence and collaborate with peers, develop and coach others, oversee and guide the work of other colleagues to achieve meaningful outcomes and create business impact.
Strong track record of scientific accomplishments demonstrated through publications in highly regarded journals and/or intellectual property generation.
An innovator with proven track record in molecular design of biologics, of creative and proactive approach to problem solving, and strong analytical skills.
A highly-collaborative scientist with broad interests and a diverse background. An ability to work across disciplines and understand the specific needs of collaborators.
Strategic thinking with an ability to understand program and therapeutic area needs and translate that understanding into an actionable approach.
Outstanding interpersonal, collaborative and oral communication skills.
Strong motivation, passion and commitment to science and engineering of novel entities
Ability and desire to work in an interdisciplinary scientific team and the desire to learn new techniques
Ability to analyze and interpret work published in the field and apply it appropriately
Technical expertise should include protein expression and purification, molecular biology, understanding structure-function relationships
Track record of demonstrating analytical skills, creativity and unique problem solving
Strong time management skills and ability to manage multiple projects in parallel
Strong communication skills and ability to present research in a team setting
The individual should be scientifically creative and driven by a willingness to embrace innovation within drug discovery and an eagerness to challenge and meet aggressive timelines
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience with protein expression and purification methods
Previous experience with antibody engineering
Previous experience with high throughput screening methods
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus: Yes
#LI-PFE
Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
