ROLE SUMMARY
The Senior Principal Scientist is a scientific leadership role within the Molecular Pharmaceutics group, supporting early stage drug product design and biopharmaceutics profiling of new small molecules within the Oncology therapeutic area. The selected candidate will interface with multi-disciplinary project teams to provide guidance and recommendations on biopharmaceutics and formulation aspects of pre-clinical and clinical development, including interpretation and implication of experimental and computational results; collaborate within and across lines to enable successful clinical outcomes in early clinical trials and the acceleration of pivotal clinical studies; use knowledge of solubility, dissolution, permeability and intestinal transport mechanisms to optimize early stage pre-clinical and clinical formulations; develop and use advanced modeling & simulation tools for predictive performance of oral absorption and utilization of enabling drug delivery technologies to achieve desirable delivery profiles; develop and advance concepts of translational biopharmaceutics with a focus to improve predictive capabilities by linking in vitro drug product performance attributes to in vivo performance attributes; maintain an awareness of and contribute to current scientific literature; conduct novel scientific research and present significant findings via internal and external presentations or publications.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Molecular Pharmaceutics representative on Oncology project teams providing scientific leadership and strategic direction for the drug discovery of new Oncology small molecule drug candidates.
Integrates biopharmaceutics and formulation discipline knowledge into the broader project team to help guide project decisions.
Utilizes expertise in formulations and biopharmaceutics to mentor and coach less-experienced colleagues.
Cultivates sustainable and effective relationships with internal partners and stakeholders, i.e., partner lines in PharmSci Small Molecule (PSSM), Clinical Pharmacology (ClinPharm), Drug Safety (DSRD), Oncology Research Unit (ORU), and Pharmacokinetics, Dynamics, and Metabolism (PDM)
Advances scientific research and expands capability in the areas of biopharmaceutics, drug delivery and/or drug formulation
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
PhD in Pharmaceutics, Physical Chemistry, Pharmacokinetics or related discipline with 5-10 years relevant experience in oral absorption and small molecule drug product design, or BS/MS in Pharmaceutics, Physical Chemistry, Pharmacokinetics or related discipline with a minimum of 12-15 years relevant pharmaceutics industry experience in small molecule drug product design.
Experience in drug discovery / development up to Proof of Concept (POC) studies.
Recognized expert with industry experience in small molecule Formulation and/or Biopharmaceutics, Pharmacokinetics, and a strong record of scientific achievement as well as project influence.
Experience in using and interpreting biopharmaceutics modeling, physicochemical (solubility & dissolution) and biological (passive, transporter mediated, efflux) transport phenomena, interpretation and use of in vitro permeability measurements, or in vivo/in vitro drug metabolism studies, and interpretation of pre-clinical pharmacokinetic data for the design and selection of new small molecule drug candidates.
A strong interest and motivation to learn and implement new technologies and concepts.
Extensive practical experience working within cross-disciplinary project teams and achieving results in a matrix environment.
Excellent organizational and communication (oral and written) skills.
Ability to work independently, as well as collaboratively.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Proven track record of mentoring and coaching junior scientists.
Understanding of related drug discovery and development concepts - Oncology preferred.
Experience in actively developing and advancing scientific initiatives and external collaborations.
Collaborative and effective partnering skills applied in a complex, multi-disciplinary organizational model.
High degree of self-awareness.
Other Job Details:
Eligible for Relocation Package: yes
Eligible for Employee Referral Bonus: yes
#LI-PFE

Sunshine Act
Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations. These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider's name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure. Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act. Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government. If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.

EEO & Employment Eligibility
Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status. Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA. Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.

Research and Development
