The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus hiring. Our Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this time, please click here.

UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment : Apply by 06/26/20 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor.

Special Selection Applicants : Apply by 07/07/20. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance.

DESCRIPTION

The mission of the newly founded Data Science Institute is to advance the scientific foundations for this exciting new field, and to support education and training of students who will be the new leaders in this area. Digital data have emerged as central to addressing critical societal needs and enhancing the quality of life in the coming decades. Data science touches virtually all aspects of life on our planet.

At the campus level, UC San Diego already has tremendous strength in this area, ranging across all segments of the university. For this reason, the Institute has been established as an independent unit that works collaboratively with schools, divisions, departments, centers, and faculty and students across the entire campus. The Institute is directed by the Director, who reports to an Oversight Committee chaired by the Chancellor. The Institute will be the administrative home for the newly established undergraduate B.S. major and minor in Data Science, and will work with departments and the Academic Senate to create additional graduate programs in data science. The institute will support collaborations between researchers across campus and will also provide critical resources to support innovation in data science.

Under the general supervision of the Student Affairs Manager, the Data Science (DSC) Program Coordinator is responsible for a wide scope of functions supporting the multi-disciplinary undergraduate Data Science Program. With guidance from the Data Science Program Director(s) and faculty, the incumbent will be responsible for developing the program, planning the curriculum, setting and implementing the academic policies, and managing the operational aspects of the program.

The incumbent will provide a full range of academic advising, student affairs, curriculum planning, and administrative services to students enrolled the Data Science Program. Responsibilities include: participating in the short- and long-term planning for the degree program and the curriculum, academic advising and career counseling, student outreach/recruitment, and assisting with undergraduate scheduling and enrollment management. A key component of the incumbent's position will be to coordinate closely with three academic departments which form the core of the multi-disciplinary program: CSE, Cognitive Science and Mathematics.

The Program Coordinator is responsible for initiating resolution on problematic petitions and forms; and working closely with the six undergraduate colleges, Financial Aid and Scholarships Office, University Extension, International Center, Registrar's Office, Student Business Services and other academic departments. The incumbent participates in the development, planning and implementation of student outreach and retention events with industry, and the creation of informational materials including departmental web pages. The incumbent will also serve as work lead for the DSC Undergraduate Program Intake Advisor position.
Overtime and occasional evenings/weekends may be required.
QUALIFICATIONS
Proven experience in effectively counseling college student population to assist them in meeting educational, academic, and career goals. Experience with academic advising and counseling techniques.
Knowledge of University processes and procedures. Knowledge of and/or ability to learn, interpret, and apply HDSI and UCSD policies, procedures, rules and regulations related to undergraduate education, admissions, graduation, transfer, and enrollment.
Knowledge of University-specific computer application programs and pertinent databases. Skill in computer technology (email, database systems, spreadsheet, word processing and internet). Commitment to regularly update and maintain technology skills. Specifically Microsoft Office Suite preferred.
Strong writing skills to independently compose correspondence, informational material, and web page content using correct spelling, grammar, punctuation, composition, text editing, and proofreading skills.
Excellent verbal communication skills. Ability to express verbally one's position, plan of action, evaluation or interpretations in a professional, concise, and courteous manner.
Proven ability to balance multiple, often conflicting, priorities with deadline constraints and numerous interruptions. Ability to successfully follow multiple tasks through to completion.
Ability to gather and synthesize large amounts of complex data to generate reports and make recommendations. Demonstrated strong organizational skills.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
Job offer is contingent on a clear background check.
The California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act ("CANRA"), Penal Code sections 11164-11174.4) requires certain professionals, known as "mandated reporters", to report known or suspected instances of child abuse or neglect to law enforcement. This position has been identified as a "mandated reporter.
