Job Title:
Senior Scientist/Associate Director, DMPK
Job Description:


Ferring Pharmaceuticals is a globally recognized, research-driven, biopharmaceutical company with more than 65 years of history. Headquartered in Switzerland, Ferring is privately owned with approximately 6,500 employees in nearly 60 countries. In the United States, Ferring identifies, develops and markets innovative products in the fields of reproductive health (infertility), urology, gastroenterology, endocrinology, women’s health (obstetrics/gynecology), orthopedics and Oncology. Ferring’s US operations employ approximately 900 people.

People Come First at Ferring. The Ferring Philosophy places people at the heart of what we do. This guides our relations with patients, physicians, employees, and other stakeholders. We invite you to share our passion for people and the power of science.

The Ferring Research Institute was established in San Diego, California in 1996 as the company’s center of excellence for peptide research. More than 80 people work at its state-of-the-art research facility located in the heart of the Southern California biopharmaceutical community.

Summary:

The Department of Drug Metabolism & Pharmacokinetics is a key part of the Global Drug Discovery and External Innovation (GDDEI) organization in Ferring R&D and is dedicated to the delivery of high-quality clinical candidates in all Ferring Therapeutic Areas and modalities. We are currently seeking an exceptional individual to join our team as a Senior Scientist and be based in San Diego.

The individual will have a strong experimental background and an established track record of hands on DMPK assay development and technical problem solving. A true experimentalist, the successful candidate ideally has experience supporting and influencing projects with in vitro, ex vivo and in vivo DMPK data in drug discovery and development.

Responsibilities:
DMPK support of discovery programs through use of customized in vitro assays, involving use of established and novel sub-cellular and cell-based systems (e.g. microsomes, hepatocytes, cell lines, long term co-culture models, organoids) and in vivo experiments, with analysis primarily through LC/MS detection
Implement in house strategies for metabolic profiling/structure elucidation, DDI, understanding metabolic liabilities to support discovery and development projects, including execute workflows designed to inform a Metabolites in Safety Testing (MIST) strategy
Demonstrates deep technical knowledge in high resolution LC-MS/MS, with breadth of ADME analytical instrumentation experience
Design and coordinate DMPK studies at CRO's. Participate in the management of CROs in the conduct of in vitro/in vivo ADME studies including, as needed, 14C-mass balance and QWBA studies
Prepare preclinical DMPK reports according to regulatory standards. When needed, coauthor under supervision high quality regulatory documents including INDs, CTAs and NDAs.
Play a key role in the selection of lead compounds and nomination of development candidates, collaborating closely with Medicinal Chemistry, Pharmacology, Toxicology and Clinical Pharmacology teams
Requirements:
Ph.D. with 7+ years or MS with 15+ years of experience of relevant industry experience in the field of drug metabolism
Strong understanding of drug metabolism and ADME principles including enzyme kinetics, IVIVC and DDI risk assessment
Broad understanding of DMPK concepts and relevant areas such as physicochemical properties, drug metabolizing enzyme & transporter kinetics, pharmacokinetics, mechanistic biotransformation and analytical sciences required
Demonstrated capability to mentor junior scientists in a matrix environment, build strong relationships cross functionally and with academic and CRO partners
We are proud to be an Affirmative Action/EEO Employer. EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.

Location:
San Diego
