Description

Fate Therapeutics is seeking a highly motivated individual with expertise in immunology and cancer biology or related fields to join a multidisciplinary team dedicated to the discovery of novel cellular therapeutics for the treatment of hematological disorders and solid tumors. The candidate must have knowledge of NK or T cell biology in addition to extensive experience with mammalian cell culture. Experience with current molecular biology techniques used for editing and engineering of lymphocytes is a plus. This position will be a key member of our cancer immunotherapy team and will assist in the differentiation of iPSC-derived T cells, in addition to the execution of in vitro studies that test Fate Therapeutics’ novel cellular therapy products. This is a full-time, bench-level position reporting to a Scientist in Cancer Immunotherapy and is located at the Company’s corporate headquarters in San Diego, California.

Responsibilities
Differentiation and culturing of iPSC-derived T cells using defined research protocols
Lentiviral transduction of iPSC-derived T cells
Assessment of T cell phenotype using multi-parameter flow cytometry
Assessment of iPSC-derived CAR-T function using standard in vitro assays that measure proliferation, cytokine secretion, and target cell killing
Support programs at Fate in the areas of tumor immunology and cellular immunotherapies
Present data to immunology groups and larger program-specific teams
Qualifications
M.S. degree in Immunology, Cell Biology or related fields with minimum 2 years relevant experience, or B.S. degree in Immunology, Cell Biology or related fields with minimum 5 years relevant experience, preferably in a mid-stage biotech, or pharmaceutical setting
In-depth experience with multi-parameter flow cytometry
In-depth experience in mammalian cell culture * In-depth experience in executing and developing assays for primary human T cells
Experience with IncuCyte and/or xCELLigence platforms is a plus
Experience with 3D tumor spheroid assays is a plus
Experience with current molecular biology techniques for editing and engineering of T cells is a plus
Proven ability to coordinate with multiple researchers for scheduling and execution of complex experiments
Excellent communication and organization skills are a must
Positive outlook and a team-oriented attitude
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements
Will require working with cells and cell lines of human and/or animal origin
Will require working with hazardous materials
100% on-site work at corporate headquarters in San Diego, CA
Evening and weekend work as necessary
The preceding job description indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. Additional and incidental duties related to the primary duties may be required from time to time.

For consideration send cover letter and resume to: www.fatetherapeutics.com and reference job code 356EC.

About Fate Therapeutics, Inc.

Fate Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development of first-in-class cellular immunotherapies for cancer and immune disorders. The Company has established a leadership position in the clinical development and manufacture of universal, off-the-shelf cell products using its proprietary induced pluripotent stem cell (iPSC) product platform. The Company’s immuno-oncology product candidates include natural killer (NK) cell and T-cell cancer immunotherapies, which are designed to synergize with well-established cancer therapies, including immune checkpoint inhibitors and monoclonal antibodies, and to target tumor-associated antigens with chimeric antigen receptors (CARs). The Company’s immuno-regulatory product candidates include ProTmune™, a pharmacologically modulated, donor cell graft that is currently being evaluated in a Phase 2 clinical trial for the prevention of graft-versus-host disease, and a myeloid-derived suppressor cell immunotherapy for promoting immune tolerance in patients with immune disorders. Fate Therapeutics is headquartered in San Diego, CA. For more information, please visit www.fatetherapeutics.com.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Vision Insurance
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Company's website:
www.fatetherapeutics.com
