Company:
Qualcomm Incorporated
Job Area:
Information Technology Group, Information Technology Group > IT Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm's Data Storage Design, Architecture, and Administration team manages over 150PB of capacity in over 40 sites world-wide. We enable our company to build new applications to service our customers and support all internal and external storage & backup needs. This is a dynamic, fast-paced group that is highly customer focused. We're looking for people who are upbeat and enthusiastic about IT, data management, and our company to help us guard the company's data! This job will interface directly with Engineering partners, the other IT teams supporting them (Application, DBA, Network, Security), and our company-wide server & storage groups to ensure requirements are met and standards are followed.

Specific to this role, we are looking for individuals with data analysis experience in addition to experience in storage administration. With over 150PB of capacity in our environment, we are looking for an individual who is driven and excited about providing deep dive analysis of our storage environment, ensuring that we are running our storage environment in the most efficient manner. We are looking for a well organized self-starter who can investigate the details of our storage environment and use tools such as Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, etc to analyze and provide data analysis results to find ways to run our storage infrastructure in a more efficient manner and improve the capabilities of our Architecture and Operations teams.

ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES / REQUIREMENTS
Data analysis experience as it relates to storage infrastructure
Well organized approach to data analysis and reporting using tools like Microsoft Excel
Presentation skills in Microsoft Powerpoint and Visio
NAS Storage administration experience in platforms like NetApp, EMC/Isilon, and Pure
Solid communication/presentation skills, comfortable presenting to all levels of management and engineering teams
Serves as a technical lead on multiple large projects/systems, assigns work to a project team, and works on more advanced tasks to complete a project.
Drives technical conversations to ensure the right path is followed to project completion.
Makes recommendations to IT and Business Unit Management on system or application upgrades, including a cost analysis of alternatives based on capacity planning activities
Collaborates with business partners to identify system solutions or other complex technical information.
Collaborates with Business Unit Management to understand business needs, and strategizes and/or recommends IT solutions to address them.
Networks with colleagues across the organization to gain insights, ideas, and connections.
Manages team project priorities, deadlines, and deliverables for large and/or multiple projects, and makes decisions that address significant issues.
Documents processes for upcoming updates in technology (e.g., design, architecture).
Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree and 7+ years IT-relevant work experience OR 9+ years IT-relevant work experience without a bachelors degree.

Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in IT-relevant field.
3+ years leadership role in projects/programs.
5+ years experience in Storage Administration (NAS, SAN) w/ preferred expertise in NetApp, EMC, and/or Pure storage technologies
Should have experience in supporting large environments.
Familiarity with Job Schedulers such as IBM Platform LSF and Sun Grid Engine a plus
Experience architecting new storage solutions Project/Program management experience
3+ years systems administration experience (Unix, Linux, Windows)
3+ years experience in Storage Administration (NAS, SAN) w/ preferred expertise in NetApp, EMC, and/or Pure storage technologies
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
