Q2 - AINA - Data Scientist -JL5 - Richardson, TX

07/13/2020

Job Description
Infosys is seeking a Data Scientist Consultant with machine learning and Python experience for our client in Richardson, TX. Work on productionizing machine learning models and guide development team for implementing end to end machine learning use case. They will define end to end architecture of Data Science and machine learning project along with being the technology architect. The candidate will provide technology consulting for defining right Data Science and ML use cases and provide high level architecture.

Required Qualifications:
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Richardson, TX or be willing to relocate to one of these areas. This position may require travel.
Bachelor’s Degree or foreign equivalent, will consider work experience in lieu of a degree
5 years of experience with Information Technology
3-5+ years NLP analysis skills, software engineering or systems analysis experience preferred
Programming – Python, R
Machine Learning – strong fundamentals in machine learning
Deep Learning – experience with CNNs, RNN, LSTMs and the latest research trends
Experience with Lean / Agile development methodologies
U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency required, we are not able to sponsor at this time
Preferred Qualifications:
4+ years of hands on experience with more than one programming language; Python, R, Scala, Java, SQL
Strong programming skills, strong IT background
Shipped one or more machine learning based products.
Experience with data gathering, data quality, system architecture, coding best practices
Big Data Experience strongly preferred – HDFS, Hive, Spark, Scala
Experience with perception (e.g. computer vision), time series data (e.g. text analysis)
Data visualization tools such as Tableau, Query languages such as SQL, Hive
Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment
The job entails an extensive amount of travel. The job also entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. Should be able to communicate by telephone, email or face to face.

About Us
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation

With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin

Auto req ID
57909BR

State / Region / Province
Texas

Country
USA

Interest Group
Infosys Limited

Role
Associate Data Scientist

Company
ITL USA

Work Location
Richardson, TX

External Job Title
Senior Consultant Data Science
