We are looking for an enthusiastic Data Scientist to add to Credera's Data & Analytics practice. Our ideal candidate is excited about being on project-based teams in a client facing role to analyze large data sets to derive insights through machine learning (ML) and artificial intelligence (AI) techniques. They have strong experience in data preparation and analysis using a variety of tools and programming techniques, building and implementing models, and creating and running simulations. The candidate has a track record of working with data engineers and data architects to implement models into production environments. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets to improve business outcomes. They are passionate about problem solving with the use of data and feel comfortable applying their expertise across many use cases in various industries.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidate with 2+ years of hands-on statistical modeling and/or analytical experience
Master's degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science or related field (a PhD is preferred)
Experience with a variety of ML and AI techniques (e.g. multivariate/logistic regression models, cluster analysis, predictive modeling, neural networks, deep learning, pricing models, decision trees, ensemble methods, etc.)
Advanced skillset building models and performing analysis using scripting languages (Python, R, Scala, Octave)
Advanced knowledge of relational and non-relational databases (SQL, NoSQL)
Proficient in large-scale distributed systems (Hadoop, Spark, etc.)
Experience with designing and presenting compelling insights using visualization tools (RShiny, R, Python, Tableau, Power BI, D3.js, etc.)
Experience with wrangling, exploring, transforming, and analyzing datasets of varying size and complexity
Knowledgeable of tools and processes to monitor model performance and data quality, including model tuning experience
Comfortable presenting findings and recommendations to key client stakeholders
Experience with implementing machine learning models in production environments through one or more cloud platforms:
Google Cloud Platform
Azure cloud services
AWS cloud services
WHO WE ARE:
Credera is a full-service management consulting, user experience, and technology solutions firm, with clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to emerging industry leaders.
Credera has received a number of national awards, including:
7-time awardee on Inc. Magazine's annual Inc. 5000 list
6-time winner of 100 Best Companies to Work for in Texas by Texas Monthly Magazine
Best Workplaces in Consulting & Professional Services by Great Place to Work and Fortune
Fortune100 Best Workplaces for Millennials
The Data & Analytics practice helps our clients gain competitive advantage by transforming raw data into insights that enable actionable decision making. Our business-driven approach to envisioning and implementing innovative solutions helps organizations tackle their market, increase customer engagement and grow revenue profitably via advanced technology. the Data & Analytics practice serves our clients across a broad spectrum of areas, specializing in Data Strategy, Modern Data Architecture, Data Visualization, Business Insights, Data Analytics and Artificial Intelligence.
HOW WE WORK:
Our foundational competitive advantage is simply doing what we say we will do with excellence. To deliver on that advantage, the Data & Analytics practice employs deep expertise in Organizational Data Strategy, Modern Data Architecture and Data Visualization, Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Program Management to help our clients innovate, modernize and grow in their data-driven capabilities. Most teams are a mix of strategy, design and technology consultants working closely with clients to solve business critical challenges.
Check out Credera's Glassdoor reviewsto read what our employees have to say!
Travel: Up to 25%

LEARN MORE:

We do not currently commence "sponsor" immigration cases in order to employ candidates.

Credera is a management consulting, user experience, and technology solutions firm with offices in Dallas, Denver, Houston, Chicago, and New York. We work with clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to emerging industry leaders, and provide expert, objective advice to help solve complex business and technology challenges. Our deep capabilities in strategy, organization, process, analytics, technology and user experience help our clients improve their performance. Clients depend on our ability to anticipate, recognize, and address their specific needs. Credera's consultants work with some of the world's best known brands in a variety of industries, including one of the top five fast food chains, leading energy organizations, retailers, airlines. More information is available at www.credera.com. We are part of the OPMG Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc.

Along with a great company culture, Credera provides an outstanding compensation package including a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit plan (e.g., medical, dental, disability, matching 401k, PTO, etc.). This position is an exempt position.

U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)

Individuals seeking employment at Credera are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Completion of the last four questions in our application is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.
