Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Consumer Banking is an industry leader in supporting homeowners and consumers, in addition to operating one of the most extensive banking franchises in the country. We serve mass market, affluent, and small business customers; as well as provide home and personal lending. Our focus is on delivering an exceptional experience for our customers through financial advice and guidance coupled with providing the products and services that will help them realize their financial hopes and dreams. Weve built our team of top professionals by rewarding their accomplishments and ensuring they have what's needed to succeed.

As a part of the Auto Acquisition Analytics Team, the individual will be responsible for complex partner assignments to identify and define strategic business issues that require analyses to translate this information into insight, knowledge and understanding of the business and the industry. This role will consult and perform analysis, involving data mining from multiple sources, regression/multivariate, financial, comparative analysis, dealer analysis, customer/demographic analysis, etc. Analytics involved will require working with several partner lines of business, such as: Marketing, Sales, Underwriting, Credit Risk, and Finance. Analytical findings should highlight opportunities that help guide strategies related to acquisition of new consumer auto loans and commercial financial services for dealers, through maximized process efficiency, campaign effectiveness, sales and underwriting performance, and financial performance.

Responsibilities include but are not limited to:

• Create and direct analytic framework to support and enhance goal setting and measurement for sales and marketing initiatives.
• Analyze performance of auto dealerships and determine strategies to improve dealership penetration.
• Performing deep dive and root cause analysis into drivers of loan acquisition.
• Interpreting and presenting results of analyses and recommendations to senior management.
• Involved directly or indirectly in the technical build-out and/or support of BI tools that enable analysis, modeling, and/or data visualization.
• Data involved may be very large, structured or unstructured, and from multiple sources.
• Leads project/virtual teams & mentors lower level staff.

Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
Desired Qualifications
SAS experience
SQL experience
Tableau experience
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment
Ability to translate and present complex technical data across technical and non-technical groups
Advanced Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint) skills
Knowledge and understanding of analytical methods used in: root cause analysis
Knowledge and understanding of auto finance industry
Knowledge and understanding of data visualization
Knowledge and understanding of databases and data mining techniques
Strong analytical skills including analyzing complex data
Strong presentation skills
Ability to influence, partner, and negotiate with senior business leaders to gain commitment to accomplish business goals
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Other Desired Qualifications

•Ability to provide leadership by coaching, training, and mentoring
•4+ years of SAS or SQL programming experience

Job Expectations
Ability to travel up to 5% of the time
Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
