JAIL DIVERSION - 133 N RIVERFRONT BLVD LB 49,1ST FL, RM A9-2 - DALLAS','','','','','JAIL DIVERSION','JAIL DIVERSION','Assists in the review and analysis of data collection and reporting requirements, to include coding, maintaining, reviewing and providing technical assistance and training within the division.','Assists in the review and analysis of data collection and reporting requirements, to include coding, maintaining, reviewing and providing technical assistance and training within the division.','Monitors and maintains data and provides technical support of input into the system.Tracks and reviews input of data for accuracy corrects information in accordance with program requirements and modifies database fields to expedite processing.Receives and forwards client data for services delivered by agencies and works with other agencies regarding data collection systems.Generates system related reports. Troubleshoots problems related to appropriate software to ensure proper upload of client data. Performs other duties as assigned.','Monitors and maintains data and provides technical support of input into the system.Tracks and reviews input of data for accuracy corrects information in accordance with program requirements and modifies database fields to expedite processing.Receives and forwards client data for services delivered by agencies and works with other agencies regarding data collection systems.Generates system related reports. Troubleshoots problems related to appropriate software to ensure proper upload of client data. Performs other duties as assigned.','Education and experience equivalent to a Bachelor%27s degree from an accredited college or university in Business, Accounting, Finance, Management Information Systems, or in a job related field of study. Skilled in the use of standard software applications. Ability to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing, and establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, departments and the general public. Standard office environment.','Education and experience equivalent to a Bachelor%27s degree from an accredited college or university in Business, Accounting, Finance, Management Information Systems, or in a job related field of study. Skilled in the use of standard software applications. Ability to effectively communicate, both verbally and in writing, and establish and maintain effective working relationships with employees, departments and the general public. Standard office environment.','An extensive pre-employment background investigation will be conducted on all applicants who have been offered a position with Dallas County. The hiring process involves successful completion of each step. The steps include: Criminal History Review, Traffic Violations Record, Review of Personal History Statement and Documents, Physical Examination, and Background Investigation. %0ADallas County is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.%0AAmeriCorps, Peace Corps, National Service Alumni volunteers, and persons with a criminal background are encouraged to apply.','An extensive pre-employment background investigation will be conducted on all applicants who have been offered a position with Dallas County. The hiring process involves successful completion of each step. The steps include: Criminal History Review, Traffic Violations Record, Review of Personal History Statement and Documents, Physical Examination, and Background Investigation. %0ADallas County is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer
