id Software has a great opportunity for you to partner with the existing team on Orion. Orion is technology that enhances the experience of a streamed game. Orion technology reduces latency and bandwidth while streaming a game, making streamed games accessible to more people, in more areas, at higher quality.
Our Data Analyst will be an integral part of the Orion team that not only helps the company take advantage of emerging trends but helps drive and define the trend. Our team is results driven and we are looking for people who want to actualize real world technologies that impact the industry in a profound way. Expect your abilities and scope of work to expand in a fast paced and highly innovative environment.

The Data Analyst must have knowledge and experience in data exploration and analysis to create standard and ad-hoc reports and dashboards, as well as being able to determine trends that result in actionable insights. With a deep understanding of advanced statistical methods, you want to be part of a new challenge.
Design, develop, and maintain reports, visualizations and dashboards of KPIs and metrics.
Analyze data to further understand, model, predict, segment, and monetize Bethesda’s players.
Create models to forecast key metrics.
Mine and explore multi-dimensional datasets.
Partner with stakeholders and development team to elicit and document reporting and analytics requirements that can help them.
Serve as a subject matter expert and resource for accessing and analyzing data.
Write complex set of SQL queries and Python scripts in order to extract and analyze big, multi-dimensional datasets with statistical modelling and visualization tools (Matplotlib, Seaborn, Tableau).

BS degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Business Economics, Engineering, or BI with appropriate additional experience.
Minimum 2-4 years of experience on a similar role developing reports, visualizations, and dashboards using Tableau Desktop or similar.
Passion for video games.
Experience in performing quantitative analysis, statistical modelling and applied statistics, providing recommendations for stakeholders – ideally in the video game industry.
Experience with data extraction, manipulation, and wrangling.
Excellent SQL skills with the knowledge of statistical, aggregate, and windowing functions.
Strong knowledge of Excel and/or statistical packages.
Knowledge of Python or other programming languages.
Strong knowledge of logical database design, relational databases, and data warehouse principles.
Production of regular reports on key metrics.
Strong communication and teamwork skills.
Experience with monitoring, reporting, and logging tools at local and cloud scale.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent analytical and troubleshooting skills.
Prior experience in a fast-paced environment.

Experience in the video game industry would be a big plus.
Good understanding of free-to-play systems and economy-in-game.
General programming experience would be an asset.
Prior experience working in an AWS environment preferred.
Prior experience with predictive models / Machine learning.
Desire and vision to help shape a project from the ground up
