Onica is one of the fastest growing AWS Premier Partners in North America. As a full spectrum AWS integrator, we assist hundreds of companies to realize the value, efficiency, and productivity of the cloud. We take customers on their journey to enable, operate, and innovate using cloud technologies from migration strategy to operational excellence and immersive transformation.

If you like a challenge, you'll love it here, because we're solving complex business problems every day, building and promoting great technology solutions that impact our customers' success. The best part is, we're committed to you and your growth, both professionally and personally.

Overview

Our Data Scientists are experienced technologists with technical depth and breadth, along with strong interpersonal skills. In this role, you will work directly with customers and our team to help enable innovation through continuous, hands-on, deployment across technology stacks. You will work to build data science pipelines that include building models, A/B testing, natural language processing, computer vision and AR/VR visualizations.

What You'll Be Doing
Data discovery with client to derive algorithmic choices
Build complex data transformation code
Build complex SQL queries using MongoDB, Oracle, SQL Server, MariaDB, MySQL
Develop code using Python, Scala, R languages
Build complex chat bots and hosts
Build recommendation engines
Use CV/Image analytics to solve complex problems
Design next generation AI/ML infrastructure to help customers improve efficiency
AWS Public cloud experience
Work with technologies such as Spark, Hadoop, Kafka, etc.
Build complex Data Science workflows
Create complex data modeling solutions to integrate into data pipelines
Establish credibility and build impactful relationships with our customers to enable them to be cloud
advocates
Participate in deep architectural discussions to build confidence and ensure customer success when
building new, or migrating existing, applications, software and services on the AWS platform.
Conduct deep-dive "hands-on" education/training sessions to transfer knowledge to customers
interested in AWS and Data Science
Capture and share industry best practices amongst the Onica community
Attend and present valuable information at Industry Events
Qualifications & Experience
7+ years design & implementation experience with distributed applications
5+ years of experience in networking, infrastructure, or database architectures
Demonstrated knowledge of software development tools and methodologies
Presentation skills with a high degree of comfort speaking with executives, IT management, and developers
Excellent communication skills with an ability to right level conversations
Technical degree required; Computer Science or Math background desired
Demonstrated ability to adapt to new technologies and learn quickly
If you get a thrill working with cutting-edge technology and love to help solve customers' problems, we'd love to hear from you. It's time to rethink the possible. Are you ready?
