POSITION SUMMARY:
PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Experience using NLP toolkits like SpaCy, Gensim, NLTK, CoreNLP, OpenNLP, LingPipe Mallet, etc.
Design and development of robust algorithms and
techniques using machine learning techniques like clustering, decision
trees, Random Forest, Logistic, regression, Linear regression, Gradient
boosted trees, naïve bayes, classifier along with some text analytics,
Natural Language Processing (NLP).
Assist in the development of
sales and clinical analytic platforms through quantitative data analysis,
documentation, and communication for new and existing internal and
external business opportunities.
Communicate and engage internal
clients to develop a strong understanding
of their data, analytical and reporting needs.
Conceptualize, design and develop
analytics models in addressing complex business problems, discovering
insights and identifying opportunities that are of value to internal and
external business stakeholders, typically using a hypothesis-driven
approach.
Improve organizational
performance through the application of original thinking to existing and
emerging analytic methods, processes, products and services, and employ
sound judgment in determining how innovations will be deployed to produce
a return on investment
Use traditional and sophisticated analytical
and statistical methods, metrics, tools and reporting to help organize
data and information to achieve business and corporate objectives in areas
such as contract management, customer relationship management, sales
management, product utilization, customer segmentation, and targeting,
etc.
We are looking for a Sr.
Data Scientist with a strong background in statistical computer languages (R or
Python or SAS or SQL or Spark etc.) to manipulate data and interpret insights
from big data sets, great understanding of machine learning techniques and Deep
Learning in our Data Science group. Under the general direction of the Director,
Business Informatics, this position will be responsible for providing
innovative solutions and developing/driving strategic modeling initiatives
while maintaining a close partnership with Data engineers, subject matter
experts (SMEs), and business stakeholders, to ensure that our models can be
deployed quickly and monitored in the deployment framework.
EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATIONAL
REQUIREMENTS:

Requires training in fields such as engineering, statistics,
mathematics, biomedical science, economics or similar
vocations generally obtained through completion of a four-year bachelor’s
degree. Strong problem-solving and analytical skills with experience in
statistical modeling is preferred.
Proficient with Excel, Python/R and SAS preferred. Requires a minimum
of one (1) to two (2) years’ experience as a Data Scientist with job
duties like above, ideally for projects associated with custom analytics and/or
custom reporting/metrics development.
MINIMUM SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, AND ABILITY REQUIREMENTS:
Strong analytical, problem
solving, and modeling skills to evaluate business problems and apply
applications knowledge to identify appropriate solutions
Proficient
in SAS or Python or R data analytics tools as well as Microsoft SQL query
tools. Familiarity BI tools like PowerBI is plus.
Designs
experiments, test hypotheses and builds analytic models.
At
least 1-year experience implementing deep learning models using
Databricks, H20.ai or other similar packages is strongly preferred. 1 years’
experience working on EMR (Electronic Medical Records) preferred.
Deep
knowledge of healthcare informatics and/or information management
Conducts
data analysis and designs and develops moderately complex analytic algorithms.
Validates
analysis by comparing appropriate samples.
Employs
the appropriate algorithm to discover patterns.
Experience with state-of-the-art techniques in machine learning
algorithms, including deep neural networks, NLP, dimensionality reduction,
ensemble methods, graph algorithms
The work environment
characteristics described here are representative of those associate encounters while performing the
essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to
enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions:

The noise level in the work environment is generally quiet.

PHYSICAL
AND MENTAL REQUIREMENTS:

The physical demands described here are representative of those
that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential
functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable
individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions:
Sedentary
physical activity requiring reaching, sifting, lifting, finger dexterity,
grasping, feeling, repetitive motions, talking and hearing.
The visual requirement is for close vision,
distance vision, peripheral vision and ability to adjust focus.
75> or more
time is spent looking directly at a computer.
The Associate is frequently required to stand,
walk (or otherwise be mobile).
Ability
to deal with stressful situations as they arise.
