Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things. Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect.

Discovering the possibilities that shape the human experience are at the heart of everything we do. Our researchers are continually massively scaling the capabilities of networks from the data center to the end device, to change the way we live and work, by inventing breakthrough technologies to make networks and systems faster, smarter and greener.

At Nokia, employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Job Description:

We are looking for Interested candidates for Data Engineer to not only help us build data pipelines to efficiently and reliably move data across systems but also to build the next generation of data tools to enable us to take full advantage of this data. In this role, you will learn and work with the company's products, data consumers and analysts.

Key Responsibilities / Functions:
Develops and maintains scalable data pipelines and builds out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Working experience with Tableau, QlikView, Mode, Matplotlib, Jupyter, or similar data visualization tools
Extensive experience analyzing data using SQL
Required Minimum Qualifications: (Education, Technical Skills/Knowledge)
2+ years of Python or Java development experience
2+ years of SQL experience (NoSQL experience is a plus)
3+ years of experience with schema design and dimensional data modeling
Ability in managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients
3+ years of relevant experience such as implementing statistical analysis, developing cloud-based data lakes / data warehouses, managing data science projects, developing APIs, developing machine learning models, creating advanced data visualizations.
Good communication and writing skills to facilitate productive collaboration with other team members and business units;
Strong knowledge of project management principles and concepts;
Experience solving problems with an emphasis on product development
Experience with predictive modeling and dissemination of research results;

Apply now.
