Who we are
Criteo (NASDAQ: CRTO) is the global technology company powering the worlds marketers with trusted and impactful advertising. 2,800 Criteo team members partner with over 20,000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels, by applying advanced machine learning to unparalleled data sets. Criteo empowers companies of all sizes with the technology they need to better know and serve their customers.

We are looking for a highly motivated Data Scientist to contribute to the development of ourMachine Learning algorithms, with a passion for the digital ecosystem. The ideal candidate will have an extensive experience in analyzing large data sets, with outstanding skills to identify and quantify opportunities for optimizations. You must thrive in a start-up environment, be proactive, detail oriented and eager to learn and keep-up with an evolving product landscape. Experience in building machine learning models is a plus.
How You'll Make An Impact
You will contribute to building and improving the precision of our prediction models, such as CTR/CR prediction or user engagement scoring.
Contribute to the development of a high-performance marketing product for the retail industry.
Optimize precision in our models, used in to rank our ads in real time within 10ms.
Gather and analyze data to extract valuable information relevant to prediction models.
Identify key prediction problems and propose innovating solutions.
Report, visualize and communicate results.
Contribute to the exploration and creation of new scientific understanding.
Work closely to satisfy stakeholders on other Product as well as other R&D teams to net our clients optimal performance results.
What We're Looking For
BS/MS in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field.
2+ years of experience dealing with big datasets using tools that run on Hadoop.
2+ years of programming experience, in Python or another language (C#, Java, C++ or other scripting languages are all good).
Experience developing and extending systems of moderate complexity
A passion for shipping quality high-performance code
A strong sense of ownership and a dislike for passing the buck
A problem solver, a fixer, and a creative technologist. We believe data analytics is a talent and a passion, not just a skill
A strong communicator and a team player who can work efficiently with others
Bonus Skills
Practical experience writing Map/Reduce, Spark or Hive/Presto or using a machine learning frameworks like TensorFlow.
Familiarity with Java, or Scala
Experience working with product owners to understand and implement business requirements
A demonstrated track record of taking initiative and acting as a leader
Experience working well in a very fast-paced and continuously changing environment
Engineering In Ann Arbor
Engineering Driven Organization
Industry Leading Technology
Opportunity to Learn and Grow
Talented & Welcoming Team
Fun & Supportive Culture
Amazing Downtown Ann Arbor Office
Our Ann Arbor location is one of 4 engineering centers at Criteo (along with Palo Alto, Grenoble, and Paris). The office, which was added by acquisition in 2016, is the primary development center for Criteo Sponsored Products. We are a team of 80+ thats making an impact and is widely recognized for our talent and innovation. Weve retained a small company feel while being part of something big.

About Ann Arbor Office: http://labs.criteo.com/aacareers/
About Engineering at Criteo: http://labs.criteo.com/

At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.

Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.
