At Yum!, we're looking for a data scientist to add to our dynamic and rapidly scaling team. We're making this investment to help us optimize our digital channels and technology innovations with the end goal of creating competitive advantages for our restaurants around the globe. We're looking for a data scientist who brings fresh ideas from past experiences and is eager to tackle new challenges in our company. We are looking for a candidate who has practical experience with technologies and languages supporting big data and data science domains. Our data scientist will develop and maintain statistical models, apply machine learning techniques and build high-quality predictiveprescriptive systems. The data scientist will also make technology and business recommendations, as well as develop key insights based on data analysis in both macro- and micro-environments. This data scientist must be able to partner with key stakeholders in our business in order to completely understand context and guide which business priorities we should address using data ... and how we should go about doing so. The data scientist will serve as a domain expert and will develop a rapport with our internal business partners as an essential, long-term part of the team. As a data scientist, you will Partner with KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell to identify opportunities to leverage company data to drive business outcomes Play key role in our advance analytics team developing data science solutions, responsible for driving Yum Growth Build predictive models to elevate the customer experience and drive revenue growth in our restaurants globally Implement globally scalable, cross brand solutions related to data science Deliver solutions leveraging the latest machine learning (ML) techniques, including exploratory data analysis feature engineering model selection model evaluation and cross-validation and deployment and productionalization at all scales. Collaborate with our Yum! data science teams to enhance, scale and operationalize existing models. Communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical stakeholders. Provide thought leadership on latest ML and artificial intelligence (AI) technologies and applications for our Yum! use cases. Conduct and support white-boarding sessions, workshops, design sessions and project meetings as needed, playing a key role in cross-functional business relations. Develop data science solutions as currently defined by the existing product roadmap. Prototype algorithms using Python andor other languages with appropriate libraries and frameworks. Skills and Qualifications 5+ years of experience in data science. Advanced analytical and quantitative skills to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, evaluate the hypothesis and complete root cause analysis of the business problem. Deep understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques. Hands-on experience working with regression, clustering, support vector machines, neural networks (including CNN and RNN), decision trees and related models. Experience building recommendation engine models for ecommerce business Knowledge of the full data mining steps from data preparation, modeling, visualization and interpretation. In-depth knowledge of Python, R, SAS, SPSS, SQL and any analytics platforms (such as Alteryx, KNIME, RapidMiner and Data Robot, etc.) is strongly desired. Experience in integrating business analysis with technical solutions that involve advanced analytics solutions, demand forecasting, segmentation, churn prediction, predictive maintenance and route optimization, etc. Ability to work with key business stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging our data to drive business solutions by using advanced analytical methods. Master's degreePh.D. in a quantitative field (statistics, business analytics, computer science or business administration) with a specific emphasis on statistics, (big) data mining and data science, etc. About Us The Yum! Brands story is simple. We have the three distinctive, relevant and easy global brands - KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell -- born from the hopes and dreams, ambitions and grit of passionate entrepreneurs. And we want more of this to create our future! As the world's largest restaurant company we have a clear and compelling mission to build the world's most love, trusted and fastest-growing restaurant brands. The key and not-so-secret ingredient in our recipe for growth is our unrivaled talent and culture, which fuels our results. We're looking for talented, motivated, visionary and team-oriented leaders to join us as we elevate and personalize the customer experience across our 48,000 restaurants, operating in 145 countries and territories around the world! We put pizza, chicken and tacos in the hands of customers through customized ordering, unique delivery approaches, app experiences, and click and collect services and consumer data analytics creating unique customer dining experiences - and we are only getting started. Employees may work for a single brandand potentially grow to support all company-owned brands depending on their role. Regardless of where they work, as a company opening an average of 8 restaurants a day worldwide, the growth opportunities are endless. Taco Bell has been named of the 10 Most Innovative Companies in the World by Fast Company Pizza Hut delivers more pizzas than any other pizza company in the world and KFC's still use its 75-year-old finger lickin' good recipe including secret herbs and spices to hand-bread its chicken every day. Yum! and its brands have offices inChicago, IL,Louisville KY, Irvine, CA,Plano, TXand other markets around the world. We don't just say we are a great place to work - our commitments to the world and our employees show it. Yum! has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability North America Index and ranked among the top 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine in addition to being named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index. Our employees work in an environment where the value of "believe in all people" is lived every day, enjoying benefits including but not limited to 4 weeks' vacation PLUS holidays, sick leave and 2 paid days to volunteer at the cause of their choice and a dollar-for-dollar matching gift program generous parental leave competitive benefits including medical, dental, vision and life insurance as well as a 6 401k match - all encompassed in Yum!'s world-famous recognition culture.Description3
