Locations: TX - Plano, United States of America, Plano, Texas

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Data Engineer
Are you a lead technologist that thrives in a vibrant, innovative and collaborative team? Do you want to work for a tech company that writes its own code, develops its own software, and builds its own products? We experiment and innovate leveraging the latest technologies, engineer breakthrough customer experiences, and bring simplicity and humanity to banking. We make a difference for 65 million customers.

At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We want you to be curious and ask what if? Capital One started as an information strategy company that specialized in credit cards, and we have become one of the most impactful and disruptive players in the industry. We have grown to see ourselves as a technology company in consumer finance, with great opportunities for engineers and architects who want to build innovative applications to give users smarter ways to save, transact, borrow and invest their money, as we seek to disrupt the industry again:

You will build data pipeline frameworks to automate high-volume and real-time data delivery for our Data Lake and streaming data hub
You will build data APIs and data delivery services that support critical operational and analytical applications for our internal business operations, customers and partners
You will transform complex analytical models into scalable, production-ready solutions
You will continuously integrate and ship code into our on premise and cloud Production environments
You will develop applications from ground up using a modern technology stack such as Scala, Spark, Postgres, Angular JS, and NoSQL
You will work directly with Product Managers and customers to deliver data products in a collaborative and agile environment


Responsibilities:

Develop sustainable data driven solutions with current new gen data technologies to meet the needs of our organization and business Customers
Ability to grasp new technologies rapidly as needed to progress varied initiatives
Break down data issues and resolve them
Build robust systems with an eye on the long term maintenance and support of the application
Leverage reusable code modules to solve problems across the team and organization
Utilize a working knowledge of multiple development languages


What we have:

A startup mindset with the backing of a top 10 bank
Monthly Innovation
Days dedicated to test driving cutting edge technologies
Flexible work schedules
Convenient office locations
Generous salary and merit-based pay incentives
Your choice of equipment (MacBook/PC, iPhone/Android Device)


Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 2 years of experience developing software or data solutions
At least 2 years experience developing Java based software solutions or one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
At least 2 years of experience in Spark


Preferred Qualifications:
Master's Degree
2+ years experience with Agile engineering practices
3+ years in coding in data management, data warehousing or unstructured data environments
3+ years experience working with big data technologies (Cassandra, Accumulo, HBase, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, or Zookeeper)
3+ years in coding in data management, data warehousing or unstructured data environments
3+ years experience with the Hadoop stack (MapReduce, Pig, Hive, Hbase)
3+ years experience with Relational Database Systems and SQL
3+ years experience designing, developing, and implementing ETL

At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
