Job Description
SUMMARY: Under the direction of the COO, the Business Intelligence Analyst (BI) will comprise the strategies and technologies used by the Company for the data analysis of business information. The BI will provide current, historical, and predictive views of business operations. The position will include reporting, online analytical processing, analytics, data mining, process mining, complex event processing, business performance management, benchmarking, predictive analytics and text mining. The position will handle large amounts of structured and unstructured data to help identify, develop, and otherwise create new strategic business opportunities. The Analyst will identify new opportunities and implement a strategy based on insights to provide the business with a competitive market advantage and long-term stability.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Other duties may be assigned as required
Lead cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Build, develop and maintain data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business decisions. Design and build technical processes to address business issues.
Oversee the design and delivery of reports and insights that analyze business functions, key operations, and performance metrics.
Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables with comprehensive policies and processes.
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering as well as modeling, visualization, and communication deliverables.
Examine, interpret and report results of analytical initiatives to stakeholders in leadership and across LOB’s.
Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to people, technology, budget and business within the department and design/implement solutions to meet these needs.
Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company.
Work with third-party designers
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:Requires knowledge typically acquired through:
Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources.
Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries.
Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling.
Experience writing advanced SAS code statements, models, and macros.
Experience working with and creating databases and dashboards using all relevant data to inform decisions.
Experience using analytics techniques to contribute to company growth efforts, increasing revenue and other key business outcomes.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes and projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication skills.
At least 5 years of experience in a position monitoring, managing, manipulating and drawing insights from data. The right candidate will also be proficient and experienced with the following tools/programs:
Strong programming skills with querying languages: SLQ, SAS, etc.
Experience with big data tools: Teradata, Aster, Hadoop, etc.
Experience with testing tools such as Adobe Test & Target
Experience with data visualization tools: Tableau, Raw, chart.js, etc.
Experience with Adobe Analytics and other analytics tools
C, C++, JAVA, or other programming languages
Employee work with a sense of urgency to deliver results that meet the highest standards of excellence, always in an ethical manner.
Teamwork: Employee must coordinate efforts necessary to achieve a common goal, communicating openly by sharing information and leverage the strengths of all team members.
Bachelor’s degree or greater in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or related discipline required. Master's or greater preferred.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, talk, hear, walk, and use hands to feel objects, tools, and controls, and reach with arms and hands. The employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds
