Basic Job Information

Joborder Id : 987656322
Title : Machine Learning Engineer
Location : Irving, tx
Position Type : Full Time
No of Opening : 1

Job Description

Job Title: Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer

Location: Irving, TX

Duration: Full Time

Job Description:

Machine learning techniques

Hadoop

Java/Scala/Python

Statistical programming languages like Python, R

Required Experience:

Experience in designing scalable systems

Solid understanding of design & analysis of algorithms and data structures

Knowledge of operating system concepts – Multi threading / concurrency

Development skills in JavaScript / java or c# or Objective C

Debugging & troubleshooting the real-time issues.

Experience in Data Visualization using D3, Tableau, Shiny

Experience in Statistical programming languages like –Python, R, Torch

Knowledge and expertise with machine learning techniques

Proficient knowledge of Linux environment

Good communication and presentation skills

Vandana Tiwari |SYSMIND, LLC
Account Manager

Phone: 609-897-9670 x 2179
Cell: 203-694-0570

Email: vandanat@sysmind.com

Website: www.sysmind.com

Address:38 Washington Road, Princeton Junction, NJ 08550

Note: SYSMIND LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without any discrimination. We promote and support a diverse workforce at all levels in the company. This is not an unsolicited mail and if it is not intended for you or you are not interested in receiving our e-mails please reply with a "remove" in the subject line and mention all the e-mail addresses to be removed. We are extremely sorry if our email has caused any inconvenience to you.

All job offers are contingent upon completion of a satisfactory background check and reference checks. Additionally passing the drug test may also be required. All contractors intending to work on SYSMIND's W2 are "at will" employees.

The information contained in this electronic message and any attachments to this message are intended for the exclusive use of the addressee(s) and may contain proprietary, confidential or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately and destroy all copies of this message and any attachments.
