BE Innovative. BE RealPage.RealPage Outperforms! We are a leading global provider of software and data analytics to the real estate industry. Clients use our platform to improve operating performance and increase capital returns.We are a run fast, have fun and reap rewards type of environment. RealPage offers an engaging work culture that fosters personal and career growth for our employees. We continually reinvent and evolve to meet the needs of the customers we serve through technology and vision. You can feel it in the work we do and the clients that benefit. Our unique company philosophy fosters innovation, excellence and collaboration.OverviewThe Revenue Operations Renewal Analyst is part of the Renewal Operations team within the larger Revenue Operations team that partners with Sales, Legal, and Finance to provide data, reporting, and analysis for Realpage's renewal process. The Renewal Analyst is responsible for maintaining accurate data for client renewals across multiple platforms and understanding/coordinating renewal activity both internally and externally.Responsibilities* Serve as an authoritative knowledge source for Realpage's renewal operations.* Preparation and management of client renewals in close partnership with the Sales Operations department.* Renewal reporting, including ad hoc reports as needed or requested.* Partner with Sales, Sales Operations, Client Management, Contracts, and Deal Desk on all renewal related operational issues.* Cultivate internal and external relationships to gain new knowledge and competencies. Provide technical advice to resolve moderately complex renewal issues and discrepancies.* Provide information and/or clarification on client contract and renewal information to internal resources as requested.* Support the renewal book of business by providing client renewal data and related reporting for forecasting and client analysis utilizing Excel and Salesforce.com.* Ensure that clients receive yearly renewal notifications within the period defined in client contractsQualifications* Minimum of 1-2 years of experience in a renewal operations, revenue operations, sales operations, or finance supporting operational role.* Revenue Cycle or Billing experience or Bachelor's degree in related field.* Bachelor's degree preferred with background in Business, Accounting or Finance preferred, but not required.* Intermediate experience using Excel.* Excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively partner with colleagues across all departments and levels.* Strong analytical, research, and problem solving skills.* Ability to manage, analyze, and track data for a sophisticated and often complex sales process.* Ability to work independently, multi-task, achieve tight deadlines, and take initiative on multiple projects.
