How will this role have an impact?

This position will be responsible for fulfilling our internal departments, as well as external clients' needs from an analytics perspective and develop reporting to satisfy those needs. The candidate filling this position needs to have advanced technical abilities in order to mine data from multiple sources (SQL server and flat files) and transform that data into meaningful insight that will be consumed by individuals from various backgrounds.The candidate will work with the technology team, Client Services, and other business groups to gather information and understand any request. In addition, this position is responsible for supporting, identifying new solutions focusing on optimizing our current process to deliver data and insights to clients.

This role will also participate in the development of analytics strategy in collaboration with Client Services team.

This role will report to our Director, Customer Solutions.

What will you do?
Extending company's data with third party sources of information when needed
Enhancing data analysis procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems
Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Partner with client, operations and other teams to drive understanding of our product offerings and services through data analysis.
Provide data, reports and insights that could be easily understood by non-technical individuals.
Work closely with Client Services to gather requirements and to develop solutions to fulfil clients' requests.
Proactively monitor, identify, and help our IT partners resolve system production issues.
Implementing automated solutions for recurring ad hoc data extraction.
We are looking for someone with:
Bachelor's degree in Math, Statistics or Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience
Master's degree in Mathematics or technology preferred
5+ years professional experience (quantitative disciplines such as math, statistics, computer science, information systems preferred)
Experience with SQL Server, Reporting, and Data Cubes
Experience with Replication and ETL
Experience in statistical and data analysis (e.g. significance testing, regression modelling, factor analysis, etc.) or experience in machine learning, predictive or descriptive analytics, preferred
Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks
Demonstrated ability to develop and present business cases
Ability to rapidly assess, analyze and resolve complicated issues, and distill that complexity into simple and concise communication
About Us:

Signify Health is helping build the healthcare system we all want to experience by transforming the home into the healthcare hub. We coordinate care holistically across individuals' clinical, social, and behavioral needs so they can enjoy more healthy days at home. By building strong connections to primary care providers and community resources, we're able to close critical care and social gaps, as well as manage risk for individuals who need help the most. This leads to better outcomes and a better experience for everyone involved.

Our high-performance networks are powered by more than 9,000 mobile doctors and nurses covering every county in the U.S., 3,500 healthcare providers and facilities in value-based arrangements, and hundreds of community-based organizations. Signify's intelligent technology and decision-support services enable these resources to radically simplify care coordination for more than 1.5 million individuals each year while helping payers and providers more effectively implement value-based care programs.

To learn more about how we're driving outcomes and making healthcare work better, please visit us at www.signifyhealth.com.
