Company information

Coverent is a specialized consulting services firm focused on developing innovative solutions to the most challenging problems facing our nation. We are growing quickly, but focused on maintaining our commitment to fantastic results and a fair, flexible, and fun culture:
Are you interested in working for a boutique firm who sees its employees as more than just a number?
Are you intrigued by the notion of joining a small team of talented, passionate consultants with a clear vision to help our clients achieve their missions better, smarter, faster?
Does a company culture that emphasizes outcomes, fairness, and flexibility sound appealing?
Would you like to be rewarded for your contributions, via programs like annual bonuses and company profit sharing?
Would you appreciate having a choice of options from top-notch benefit providers for medical and retirement plans?
Are you interested in a learning culture that is forward-leaning regarding training, education, and professional development?
If you answer YES to these questions, Coverent could be the employer of choice for you. Description of role

Coverent is seeking a Senior Data Science Consultant to lead program evaluation activities for a client in the US Intelligence Community. On this project, the Consultant will have the opportunity to demonstrate intellectual agility by leading data collection and data analysis activities to produce key performance insights. Furthermore, they will lead the implementation of recommendations when they are adopted by the customer. This project features the opportunity to interact with a wide range of key stakeholders, including those at senior levels. This is an exciting opportunity for an intellectually curious, energetic consultant to work on a project with real impact helping our client develop ways to understand and improve performance of activities that support delivery of the mission.

Responsibilities
Consult with clients on the development, prioritization and implementation of process improvement and impact evaluations tasks.
Develop recommendations for changes to policy, processes, communications and training to enable achievement of vision. Develop and implement research designs with practical strategies for measuring performance of organizational units and/or unit activities to include development of performance measures and design of actionable methods for collecting and analyzing data, and implement strategies and refine as needed.
Perform a variety of research activities to include document reviews, structured interviews, and gap analyses, and involves stakeholder identification and logistical coordination for data collection activities and documentation of discussions.
Analyze both qualitative and quantitative information to provide customer with comprehensive insights into organizational strengths and challenge areas.
Prepare visual presentations of data and analysis.
Prepare reports and presentations for senior leadership based on research plans, activities, findings and recommendations.
Brief senior level customers on research plans, activities, findings and recommendations.
Requirements
U.S. Citizenship
Active TS/SCI clearance w/ Poly
Must have a Bachelors degree ; Masters degree in business, social science, or behavioral science preferred
3+ years of experience in a consulting role in the IC
Experience extracting insights from social media data using data analysis techniques
Experience developing and implementing change management strategies
Demonstrated experience designing and implementing organizational or programmatic performance measurement strategies
Proven ability to analyze data and translate analysis into meaningful insights
General understanding of data coding, data integrity, and statistical sampling and analysis concepts
Experience developing presentations and providing briefings to middle and senior management
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including visual representation of data using charts and graphs
Advanced proficiency with MS Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to perform in an individual contributor role while also excelling in a team environment
Ability to analyze information and identify implications for policy, processes, communications and training
Demonstrated experience leading qualitative research and program evaluation activities to include experience leading structured interviews
Familiarity with industry-standard data science and visualization tools
Familiarity with advanced statistical concepts
Some knowledge of Python scripting
Indeed Hire and Coverent are working together to find the best candidate for this job.

__
*

By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $140,000.00 - $185,000.00 per year

Experience:
extracting insights from social media data: 1 year (Required)
developing and implementing change management strategies: 1 year (Required)
analyze data and translate analysis into meaningful insights: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
License:
TS/SCI clearance w/ Full Polygraph (Required)
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Other
