Project Scientist

Job Details
Level
Entry
Job Location
Dallas Office - Carrollton, TX
Position Type
Full Time
Travel Percentage
Up to 50%
Job Category
Entry Level
Description
Alliance Source Testing, LLC. is currently seeking to fill a Project Scientist position (Internship). The ideal candidate for this position will be working towards a Bachelor’s Degree in Environmental Science, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or related Engineering degree. Candidates with environmental field testing experience are preferred but entry level applicants will be considered.

This is a field testing position that involves conducting air emissions testing for clients that operate in a multitude of industrial sectors. The role provides the opportunity for training and advancement in one of the fastest growing environmental service fields in the country.

Alliance is uniquely qualified to provide customers with the highest quality and most cost-effective source testing solutions available. Alliance provides stack testing services for a variety of purposes including, but not limited to, the following:
Permit Compliance Demonstrations
Part 60 & Part 75 CEMS Evaluations (RATA, CGA, Linearity)
PM CEMS Evaluations (RCA, RRA, ACA)
PM10 and PM2.5 Testing
Mercury Testing
Comprehensive Performance Testing
Boiler/Turbine/Engine Tuning & Optimization
Process/Control Evaluations & Optimization
Analytical Lab Services
Requirements
Working towards an BS in Environmental Science, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or related Engineering degree.
Knowledge of basic mechanical and electrical terminology and troubleshooting skills.
Knowledge of and proficiency with Microsoft Office and Adobe applications.
Strong work ethic with the ability to work in an outdoor environment.
Willingness to climb to and work at heights up to 250 feet.
Physical ability to lift objects up to 75 pounds. Must be able to pass a DOT physical.
Manual dexterity with hand tools.
Strong communication skills and the ability to work cohesively within a team.
Willingness to travel and adjust to fluid weekly scheduling (85+% travel)
Clean driving record with the ability to drive a truck and trailer.
Ability to comply with frequent substance testing requirements/testing.
Preferred Skills (Not Required)
Qualified Source Testing Individual (QSTI) Certifications
Knowledge of air testing methodologies (EPA, SW-846, NCASI, etc.).
Previous field testing experience
Demonstrated experience with laboratory analytical procedures, technical writing and regulations.
Primary Responsibilities
Equipment setup and breakdown at customer facility
Testing equipment operation
Test data quality control
Equipment calibration and maintenance
Communication with facility and regulatory personnel
