REQUIREMENT Data Science- Security Analyst Dalla,TX Full Time Key Qualifications Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, SystemComputer Engineering, Data Science and Machine Learning, Cyber-Security, or Information Security is Needed Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, probability and statistics). Previous work experience in Cyber Security field is a Must Excellent oral, written, and presentation communication skills required. RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS Responsible for the creation of innovative methodologies for extracting key parameters from big data originating from various sensors. Utilize expertise in machine learning, statistical data analytics, and predictive analytics to help implement analytics tied to cyber security and hunting methodologies and applications Design, develop, test and deliver complex analytics in a range of programming environments on large data sets Apply latest technologies in machine learning, data mining, and predictive analytics to correlate the big datasets and events, and derive dynamic cybersecurity rules. Generate highly accurate and near real-time security alerts based on the dynamic rules. Collaborate with a global team to continually operate and improve a world-class cyber program by driving the uplift of sensory tools, detection tuning, and access to data sources to increase detection effectiveness by applying data analytics. Basic Qualifications Strong English verbal and written communication skills. Ability to multi-task and prioritize work effectively. Highly motivated self-starter who can provide thought leadership in big data analytics. Responsive to challenging tasks Ability to document and explain technical details in a concise and understandable manner. Strong sense of ownership and driven to manage tasks to completion. Minimum 3 years full time work and post graduate work experience 5 yearsrsquo experience with scalable distributed data processing, management, and visualization tools (e.g. Hadoop, Apache Spark, etc.). Proven hands on industry leading scripting tools such as Python, Powershell, R and SQL Excellent Communication is a MUST ABOUT eDataForce "eDataForce Consulting LLC is a results-driven, professional services company. We understand strategy, technology, and process. Our experienced professionals collaborate with clients to activate and accelerate critical business initiatives in three key ways Develop actionable business and technology strategies Optimize existing business process and technology investments Implement knowledgeinformation sharing technologies". Please contact your "eDataForce " recruiter (Ms. TAS) for immediate consideration. Phone 972.890.9270 OR e-Mail ejobsedataforce.com mailtoejobsedataforce.com
