Hello,

Hope you are doing great!

If you are comfortable with the requirement, kindly respond with below information and your updated resume( word format ) ASAP

Full Name:

Current Location:

Relocation:

Contact No Primary( Not Google Number ):

Email:

Skype ID:

Work Authorization:

Availability( Any notice period required to join in project ):

Currently working(Yes/No):

LinkedIn( if you have):

Hourly Pay Rate: $53/hr on W2( without benefits ) or $60/hr on 1099

Please check the below requirement

Position: Data Engineer – 100% Remote

Duration: 12+ Months Contract( Long term )

Total Positions: 2

Need Healthcare claims exp

185747--Data Engineer- 100% remote

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
Build and maintain large-scale batch and real-time ETL pipelines in a Google Cloud Platform architecture (BigQuery, Dataproc, Firestore, etc.).
Design and support Data Lakes and Marts in Google CloudStorage, BigQuery, and NoSQL (Google Firestore & MongoDB).
Implement high-quality test-driven code, ?participate in code reviews, and own the development of medium-size features.
Support business operational activities including generating marketing leads and helping ensure we are meeting our client’s expectations.
Collaborate with data scientists and business analysts to enable self-service analytics and reporting.
Support Production systems off hours.
POSITION REQUIREMENTS

Experience:
2+ years of industry experience in software development or data engineering.
2+ years extracting insights from data.
1+ years hands-on experience manipulating data and building data pipelines.
Hands-on experience with relational and NOSQL databases.
Strong appreciation for test-driven development and developing code standards.
Competencies:
Strong understanding of Python or Scala. We use Python, Pyspark, and SQL.
Understanding of workflow orchestrators (ex. Airflow, Oozie, or Azkaban).
Understanding of test-driven development techniques.
Ability to proactively communicate and collaborate across a growing distributed team.
Quality Control:
Help define and manage overall data quality objectives.
Implement high-quality source code that passes tests.
Achieve and maintain team defined quality thresholds that mitigate solution risks.
Thanks and Regards

Prasad Mamidela | Kairos Technologies Inc.

Direct Number: 972.777.9484 | M: 315.969.9307

433 E Las Colinas Blvd, # 1240, Irving, TX 75039 USA

http://www.kairostech.com

LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/prasadmamidela

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $130,044.00 - $184,087.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Total IT: 8 years (Required)
NoSQL: 1 year (Required)
Data Engineering: 3 years (Required)
Manipulating data and building data pipelines: 2 years (Required)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
Contract Renewal:
Possible
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Work Remotely:
Yes
