Job Description
PrideStaff is partnering with our client in North Dallas as they look for a Business Intelligence Analyst to join their team!

This is a direct hire opportunity with a growing company within the Mortgage industry.
Lead projects with an expertise to create visualizations that provide business insights to guide strategic decisions and optimization opportunities
Expertise in SQL, can independently mine data to translate business data needs into creative visualizations.
Build, develop and maintain data models, reporting systems, data automation systems, dashboards and performance metrics that support business decisions. Design new technical processes as needed to address business issues.
Oversee the design and delivery of reports and insights that analyze business functions, key operations, and performance indicators.
Manage and optimize processes for data intake, validation, mining and engineering, modeling, visualization, and communication deliverables.
Ensure accuracy of data and deliverables with comprehensive policies and processes.
Trusted to work independently with stakeholders at all levels. Review, interpret and report results of initiatives to stakeholders in leadership and across lines of business.
Communicate results and business impacts of insight initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the company.
Anticipate future demands of initiatives related to personnel, technology, budget and business within different departments and create and implement solutions.
Required Experience
Bachelor’s degree or greater in Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Finance, Computer Science, or related required.
Master's preferred.
Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources.
Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries.
Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling.
Writing advanced SAS code statements, models, and macros.
Working with and creating databases and dashboards using relevant data for informed decisions.
Using analytics techniques to contribute to company growth efforts, increasing revenue and other key business outcomes.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Ability to plan and manage numerous projects simultaneously.
Excellent communication skills.
At least 5 years of experience in a position monitoring, managing, manipulating and drawing insights from data.
The right candidate will also be proficient and experienced with the following tools/programs:
Strong programming skills with querying languages: SLQ, SAS, etc.
Experience with big data tools: Teradata, Aster, Hadoop, etc.
Experience with testing tools such as Adobe Test & Target
Experience with data visualization tools: Tableau, Raw, chart.js, etc.
Experience with Adobe Analytics and other analytics tools
C, C++, JAVA, or other programming languages
Requires a strong sense of urgency to deliver results that meet the highest standards of excellence

Company Description
PrideStaff is a national staffing organization, delivering innovative solutions to the challenges employers face every day. Over the years, PrideStaff has been a consistent industry leader, developing technology and service processes that allow our organization to deliver superior performance. With locations across the United States, we're well positioned to partner with clients and candidates to ensure a successful match of employee talent with customer needs. When it comes to your success, we leave nothing to chance!

Our Mission: Consistently provide client experiences focused on what they value most.
