At Exeter Finance, we are committed to helping customers find the right financing for their next vehicle purchase. By building strong relationships with our customers and network of dealer partners we are able to give options that make sense, getting customers behind the wheel of their car.

Every team member is integral to our success. Whether you’re at a servicing center helping customers with their loans, in the field building relationships with dealers, or supporting the company from its corporate offices, you'll enjoy a nurturing, invigorating and positive work environment.

Our vision is to be a premier finance company and lender of choice known for its People, Performance and Service.

Job Description

Design and documentation of logical and physical analytical data models for transactional and analytical databases.

Works closely with Data Stewards, Data Governance and developers to create and maintain data dictionary and data lineage. Helps investigate and resolve data anomalies including data quality issues and ambiguous data definitions. Recommends data integrity checks and controls to ensure data quality.

Obtains new data requirements from the business and business analysts; and coordinates efforts with the developers, dba’s and business analysts. Performs as data SME in guiding both business and IT users of data.

Source system analysis, data profiling and creating design documents and Source2Target mappings for the development teams to implement

Assists with large-scale data migrations across the enterprise as well as with optimization and scalability efforts.

Works closely with key data consumers (report analysts, data scientists etc.) to understand needs and challenges and come up with strategy and solutions.

Ensures compliance with Exeter’s policies & procedures, safety, state and federal laws, regulations and standards.

Other duties as assigned.

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent experience.

Eight (8) to ten (10) years’ experience in designing conceptual, logical and physical data models using major enterprise data modeling tools (Embarcadero experience is preferred) which must include;

At least 5 years’ experience in strategic data planning, standards and procedures;

At least 5 years’ experience in data quality engineering, metadata consolidation and integration, metadata model development and maintenance, repository management, data warehouse design and data mining, and data security;

At least 5 years’ experience in leveraging enterprise data warehouse modeling constructs, methodologies and practices to ensure flexible, scalable, maintainable, and high-performing physical databases; and

At least 5 years’ experience in data analysis and forensics.

Proficiency in SQL

Good knowledge of ETL, ELT and batch

Experience with analytics, data visualization tools a plus

Exeter Finance LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
