Financial Crimes Technology and Data Analytics Manager, Vice President

Apply Now

Requisition # 10036370-WD

Job Type Day


Location
Dallas, Texas


Date Posted 07/08/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description


Financial Crimes Technology & Data Analytics Manager, Vice President
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 14,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.
Job Summary:

As part of the Financial Crimes Office Americas division, the Technology Compliance and Data Analytics Manager will be responsible to support Sanctions / BSA/AML business partners to implement technical and business solutions and enhancements ensuring consistency with business strategy, commitments and goals. The Technology Compliance and Data Analytics Manager will be responsible for the direction, coordination, implementation, execution, control, and completion of assigned initiatives; and serve as primary gatekeeper /SME of Financial Crimes data, with key objective to extract and integrate data from disparate sources for visualization, adhoc reporting, data analysis and documentation.

May require managing multiple work efforts, partners, and external vendors for the Americas. The specifics of the job requirements are:
Major Responsibilities:
Act as business lead on technology initiatives, consults with business partners, technology, and vendors to document detailed analysis of business requirements (business specifications/mapping, current and future processes. Lend subject matter expertise to project teams and working groups.
Perform requirements analysis as well as document/communicate results and findings
Manage moderate technology system or business initiatives by managing scope, goals and deliverables, developing and administering the schedule, budget, resources and deliverables.
Responsible for serving as SME on large technology projects, providing and ensuring requirements, design and controls are met for FCC systems. Includes active and leadership involvement all phases
Lead or assist with user acceptance testing through direct interaction with business and technology partners. Execute testing and data validation programs, may lead the work of other analysts as part of the team. Testing coverage involves end to end data validations, integrity/completeness, business rules, controls structure and sophisticated logic.
Liaison for business and data analysis in support of the automation of processes and reports
Serve as primary gatekeeper of Financial Crimes data, with key objective to extract and integrate data from disparate sources for visualization, data analysis and documentation.
Gather critical information from various stakeholders and produce Ad-Hoc Reports
Evaluate processes, anticipate requirements, uncover areas for improvement, and develop and implement solutions
Perform requirements analysis as well as document/communicate results and findings
Qualifications
Qualifications:
Demonstrated knowledge and direct work experience in leading projects and managing multiple priorities/projects simultaneously.
Direct data analysis experience querying /accessing and analyzing large volumes of data using SQL. Oracle / SQL Server preferred. Experience working with Actimize, SAS, SAS Enterprise Guide, and SAS EMiner a plus.
Ability to recognize and effectively communicate a course of action
Proven excellence in execution/problem solving in complex and demanding situations
Solid judgment and negotiating skills, and a practical approach to implementation
Collaborative with strong interpersonal communication skills
Strong experience supporting requirements gathering, analysis and documentation, and strong technical knowledge of databases.
Process oriented with a strong ability to develop and communicate appropriate strategies or solutions
Detail-oriented and organized execution
Should be a self-starter with strong collaborative, analytical, written/verbal communication skills and be well versed in MS Office including Visio.
Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics or equivalent experience
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Compliance
Primary Location Dallas, Texas


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
