Job Description
Since 1955, Trinity River Authority of Texas has been responsible for the conservation and reclamation of Trinity River. TRA’s responsibilities include maintaining a basin master plan, serving as a local sponsor for federal water projects, and providing services authorized by the Texas Legislature within the Authority’s territory.

The Trinity River Authority’s (TRA) Technical Services and Basin Planning Department is looking for an Environmental Scientist I that is a self-driven, motivated individual to help expand the TRA’s Clean Rivers Program network (CRP). The CRP is administered at TRA through a biannual grant from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ). The CRP Program’s goal is to maintain and improve the quality of water within each river basin in Texas through an ongoing partnership involving the TCEQ, river authorities, other agencies, regional entities, local governments, industry, and citizens.

The successful candidate will be fully involved with the day-to-day tasks of the program including routine field sampling, special field studies, data management, analysis, and reporting. During the upcoming 2020-2022 biennium, with the support of the program manager, this position will focus on partner outreach and expanding our monitoring network of partner cities along with field data collection and data quality assurance activities. This function will require excellent written and verbal communication and public speaking skills and the ability to work independently to organize meetings with city and county environmental staff.

This position will be expected to be in the field approximately 30-40% of the time, with approximately 10% overnight travel. The candidate should be comfortable and thrive working with a team in remote outdoor environments which may include wading in streams and creeks, driving long distances, navigating streambanks over rough terrain, working in boats, exposure to extreme heat and cold, and other facts of life that go along with working in a field environment. At the same time, this candidate must have the ability to perform in a professional office environment.

The Trinity River Authority is one of the largest river authorities in Texas, where we enjoy a dynamic and exciting work environment that takes pride in providing safe, clean water to more than 60 cities within the Trinity River Basin. The Authority’s services have protected public health and contributed to the vitality of the communities we serve since our inception in 1955.

Trinity River Authority offers a competitive starting salary range, along with a comprehensive benefits package including insurance programs, savings programs, paid time off and holidays. Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. TRA is an equal opportunity employer.

This full-time position with benefits is 100% grant funded through the TCEQ with funding guaranteed for two years (Sept. 1, 2019 –August 31, 2022). Every effort will be made to secure grant funding to continue this position past 2022, but it is not guaranteed.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

1. Plan, coordinate, and execute field studies with supervision. This may require significant effort regarding logistics and other preparations.

2. Maintain, calibrate, and oversee field equipment including boats, acoustic Doppler profilers, electrofishing gear, multiprobe instruments, and a variety of other scientific data collection tools.

3. Process and manage data produced in the field and laboratory, or acquired from third parties. This may include data entry, qualified assurance, reporting, analysis, and formatting.

4. Work in conjunction with other city, regional and state agencies in the completion of environmental field studies.

5. Create and maintain GIS databases as required.

6. Produce high quality reports. This will require the use of spreadsheets, databases, word processors, and other computer applications.

7. Perform literature reviews and investigations regarding specific topics of interests.

TRA Benefits:

TRA provides the following benefits to permanent full-time and permanent part-time employees.

Insurance

· Medical plan (100% employer paid)

· 401 (a) Pension retirement plan (TRA adds 12% of your salary annually)

· Prescription drug plan

· Dental coverage

· Vision coverage

· Group Term Life AD & D

· $1.5% of annual salary Life Insurance Policy (100% employer paid)

· Optional additional life insurance (Supplemental Life and Dependent Life)

· 5-weeks Paid Time Off (PTO) starting after the first payroll period (prorated)

· 10 Paid Holidays

Required Skills:

Communication Skills - Advanced

Planning and Organizing Skills - Advanced

Analytical Skills - Advanced

Detail Oriented: Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well

Team Player: Works well as a member of a group

Innovative: Consistently introduces new ideas and demonstrates original thinking

Leader: Inspires teammates to follow them

Education

Bachelor's Degree, Natural Science or related field.

Licenses, Certifications and Requirements

Valid TX Driver License (required)

GIS Certification (preferred)

For immediate consideration, APPLY at https://www.trinityra.org/joblist.htm TODAY!
Company Description
The Trinity River flows across Texas for hundreds of miles. Providing drinking water to more than 50% of the state's population, the Trinity River is one of the most important waterways in the country. The Trinity River Authority of Texas (TRA) is proud to play an important role in preserving and developing this vital resource for Texans and the generations of Texans to come.

Established by the state Legislature in 1955, TRA provides water and wastewater treatment and recreation and reservoir facilities throughout the Trinity River Basin and maintains a master plan for basin-wide development. TRA also serves as a conduit for tax-exempt financing for municipal projects and as a local sponsor for federal water projects.

TRA is constantly working to improve water quality and remains at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies and innovations. An exciting and dynamic organization, TRA is poised for success for years to come.

TRA offers a competitive starting salary range, along with a comprehensive benefits package including insurance programs, savings programs, paid time off and holidays. Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications. TRA is an equal opportunity employer.
