...

a.dialogApplyBtn {
display: none;
}



BioAnalytical Scientist II

Your Role:

At MilliporeSigma the BioAnalytical Scientist II will support efforts leading to the development of new products and processes for Viral Gene Therapy manufacturing. The position is based in Bedford, MA and is part of the BioProcessing Research and Development (R&D) group. The BioAnalytical team focuses on the development, optimization, and application of analytical techniques including HPLC, ELISA, qPCR, flow cytometry, particle analysis, and electrophoresis. The candidate’s initial focus will be to develop, qualify, and perform qPCR and ELISA methods to support Lentivirus and Adeno-Associated Virus production and purification projects.

In addition, the Bioanalytical Scientist II will design and execute bioanalytical assays in support of ongoing research and improvement projects. He/she will participate on multi-disciplinary product development teams, will analyze data independently and complete technical reports and external publication (as appropriate). This position is 75% lab based.

Who You Are:

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry or a related Science discipline with 2+ years’ experience in biomolecule analysis or a Master’s degree in Biochemistry or related Science discipline
Preferred Qualifications:
3+ years of laboratory skills including the use of analytical instrumentation such as HPLCs, plate readers, flow cytometers
Experience working with Lentivirus and Adeno-Associated Virus
3+ years developing and qualifying qPCR, ddPCR and/or ELISA methods
Experience with cell culture (HEK293)
Fundamental understanding of biopharmaceutical processing
Experience in the pharmaceutical industry
Ability to work safely and efficiently in the lab and arrange own activities to accomplish objectives with short deadlines
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a multidisciplinary team environment
RSRMS

Job Requisition ID:

206409

Location:

Bedford

Career Level:

C - Professional (1-3 years)

Working time model:

full-time

US Disclosure
The Company is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. No employee or applicant for employment will be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, genetic information, gender identity, transgender status, marital status, or any other classification protected by applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy of Equal Employment Opportunity applies to all policies and programs relating to recruitment and hiring, promotion, compensation, benefits, discipline, termination, and all other terms and conditions of employment. Any applicant or employee who believes they have been discriminated against by the Company or anyone acting on behalf of the Company must report any concerns to their Human Resources Business Partner, Legal, or Compliance immediately. The Company will not retaliate against any individual because they made a good faith report of discrimination.

North America Disclosure
The Company is committed to accessibility in its workplaces, including during the job application process. Applicants who may require accommodation during the application process should speak with our HR Services team at 855 444 5678 from 8:00am to 5:30pm ET Monday through Friday.

Nearest Major Market: Boston
Job Segment:
Biochemistry, Scientist, Product Development, Pharmaceutical, Laboratory, Science, Research
