Strength Through Diversity

Ground breaking science. Advancing medicine. Healing made personal.

Job Title: Data Science Analyst II - Mount Sinai Health Partners
Background
Mount Sinai is one of the largest non-profit health systems in the
U.S. with a strong reputation for quality of care and research/education. Our
health system has ~40,000 employees working together to provide billions of
dollars in high-quality care for millions of patients each year.

We are accelerating a transition to a business model focused on
population health management – our goal is to keep entire communities healthy
and out of the hospital. Mount Sinai
Health Partners (MSHP), the population health division of the Mount Sinai Health
System and the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai, located in the New
York Metropolitan area and ranked 5th in Fast Company’s “Top 10 Most
Innovative Companies in Big Data” is the team driving this transformation
within Mount Sinai. The team includes
400 employees with clinical, contracting, finance, IT, analytics,
operations, and product development expertise.

Mount Sinai Health Partners is realizing this new objective in two
ways. First, we engage in value-based
contracts with health plans. Using
analytical insights, we deploy our clinical programs to improve the health of
attributed populations and maximize customer value. Second, we have created a
team to assemble our clinical and population health assets into product
offerings (e.g., care bundles, worksite health centers, insurance products in
partnership with health plans), and sell them to individuals and employers
via multiple channels.

MSHP is a fast growing business unit within Mount Sinai and is
looking for team members who:

Are comfortable “playing up” and “playing down” as needed to
accomplish business objectives
Work productively amidst ambiguity
Thrive in fast-paced work
environments
Seek to improve the status quo
Within MSHP, the Analytics (Clinical Informatics) team is a
thoughtful and diverse group of data science analysts that have important
functional roles throughout our business. Using analytical insights, we
deploy our clinical programs to improve the health of attributed populations
and maximize customer value. We work hand and hand with the larger clinical
and operational team stakeholders and support their efforts. The team blends
past experiences from health plans, health systems and public health roles
with cutting edge data analytics and machine learning capabilities to deliver
exceptional and unique value to our broader business. The frontier ahead
includes exciting new tools and data science projects along with
transformational business initiatives in a supportive environment and
continuous learning culture.
Role Summary
The Data Science Analyst II collaborates with stakeholders from
across the organization to develop sophisticated analytics to provide
information, insights and BI (Business Intelligence) solutions that
contribute to sound strategic planning, decision-making, goal setting, and
effective performance measurement.
The Data Science Analyst II demonstrates sound and a more advanced
understanding of the healthcare domain, technical data manipulation and
analytic development skills and impact the patient community of the Mount
Sinai Health System.

Responsibilities
Analyzes data requests using information technology, enrollment,
claims, pharmacy, clinical, contract, medical management, financial,
administrative and other corporate data from both modeled and disparate
internal and external sources.
Works with departmental staff to identify requirements for reporting
and / or business intelligence tools.
Identifies necessary data, data sources and methodologies.
Collects, organizes, integrates, analyzes and interprets data.
Leverages advanced statistical analysis methods to create insightful
recommendations and conclusions that may be communicated to the stakeholder.
Identifies and addresses expected and unforeseen data complexities to
mitigate their impact on the analytic outcome and associated business
decisions. Works to improve data quality where possible within created
analytical models. Feeds data quality issues back to IT or identified data
stewards to facilitate creation of high quality metrics.
Develops and may present reports, analyses and findings to senior
management and others as scheduled or requested.
Responsible for one or more of the following stakeholder groups:
Contracting and Commercialization – May assist in the modeling and
forecasting contract scenarios, measuring ongoing performance and identify
trends in performance to inform our clinical or contracting staff to improve
contract outcomes.
Care Management – Helps to identify, understand and prioritize
at-risk members in need of care management.
Helps stratify our membership to optimally use resources to focus on
the patients most in need, currently or in the future.
Medical Directors – Helps to identify utilization trends and
variations across the different categories of health care services to assist
the Medical Directors to focus their efforts to maximize contract performance
and clinical effectiveness.
Quality and Documentation – Helps to link payer quality and
documentation opportunities into operational analytic processes to maximize
our quality scores, top line revenue and optimize the use of resources in
concert with MS Health System contracts.
I.T. / High Performance Computing in any ongoing projects.
Takes a proactive role as liaison/analyst for internal stakeholders,
understands their needs and translates them into reporting and analytic
solutions.
Effectively communicates with stakeholders and customers and ensures
all requests are properly triaged, recorded and tracked.
Adheres to corporate standards for performance metrics, data
collection, data integrity, query design, and reporting format to ensure high
quality, meaningful analytic output.
Helps identify and understand data from internal and external sources
for competitive, scenario and performance analyses, and financial modeling to
gain member/provider insight into new and existing processes and business
opportunities.
Works closely with IT on the ongoing improvement of Mount Sinai’s
integrated data warehouse, driven by strategic and business needs, and designed
to ensure data and reporting consistency throughout the organization.
Develops and maintains project work plans, including critical tasks,
milestones, timelines, interdependencies and contingencies. Tracks and reports progress. Keeps stakeholders apprised of project
status and implications for completion.
Provides technical support to data analytics functions as they relate
to varied business units, and technical expertise on the selection,
development and implementation of various reporting and BI tools tied to
business unit reporting requirements. Creates new BI reports and interactive
dashboards as required.
Prepares clear, well-organized project-specific documentation,
including, at a minimum, analytic methods used, key decision points and caveats,
with sufficient detail to support comprehension and replication.
Ensures customers are adequately trained to use self-service BI tools
and dashboards.
Mentors level I Analysts, and teaches others within the organization
on how to a) define meaningful process and performance measures, b) develop
BI queries, and c) generate and use management reports effectively.
Shares development and process knowledge with other analysts in order
to assure redundancy and continuously builds a core of analytical strength
within the organization.
Demonstrates advanced level proficiency with the principles and
methodologies of process improvement. Applies these in the execution of
responsibilities in support of a process focused approach.
Other duties as assigned

Qualifications
Education and Experience
BA or BS degree minimum, in a relevant field of study; Masters degree preferred.
5 years minimum in analytics development expertise, preferably in
health care, or for a health provider, health plan or accountable care
organization with working knowledge including either:
A health care EMR such as
Epic/Clarity, aCW, etc.; a payor claims system such as Facets, Amisys, etc.;
or a hospital/provider system such as IDX, Soarian, etc.
Additional Skills and Qualities
Knowledge of the New York State Medicaid and CMS Medicare regulations
and related reporting requirements, such as STARS,QARR, MMCOR, MEDS, RAPS and
HEDIS is a strong plus.
Experience working in a health plan or consulting actuarial,
financial reporting or medical economics departments highly valuable.
Experience as a nurse informaticist highly valuable.
Experience working in healthcare provider analytics related to
revenue modeling, managed care contracting, population management, case
management, clinical or financial decision report
PhD, MD or DO program may be substituted for three years of
experience.

Strength Through Diversity

The Mount Sinai Health System believes that diversity and inclusion is a driver for excellence. We share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet we’re as diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinai’s unrivaled record of achievement, education and advancement as we revolutionize healthcare delivery together.

We work hard to recruit and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work environment where you have the opportunity and support to develop professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title or expertise, have an impact on quality patient care.

Explore more about this opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story!

Who We Are

Over 38,000 employees strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve.

Formed in September 2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospitals, including Mount Sinai Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai Queens, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai St. Luke’s, and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai.

The Mount Sinai Health System is an equal opportunity employer. We comply with applicable Federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude, or treat people differently on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender expression.

EOE Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans
