Title: Director Translational Scientist Liaisons (Dallas, TX)

Overview

The Director, Translational Scientist Liaisonswill establish and lead a team of
Translational Scientist Liaisons (TSL). TSL s are responsible for presentin
educating, and communicating the value of Caris Molecular Intelligence (CMI),
with an emphasis on its medical, scientific, and technical aspects to external
clients, such as physicians, scientists and other interested parties. This
communication primarily involves face-to-face meetings, presentations, and
discussions with customers and Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) in the field of
oncology.

Job Responsibilities
As Director, this individual will be responsible for management
activities such as, but not limited to:
Day to day team management of the TSL team
Providing recommendations on national staffing plans
Creation and coordination of the training and enablement plan to ensure
TSL s have the most up-to-date information and education regarding th
company s technology
Tracking of TSL activity and customer interactions
As Director, this individual will perform management duties to ensure
that each TSL can successfully perform the following responsibilities:
Act as a conduit of information/feedback between the medical and
scientific community and Caris Life Sciences regarding current products
and the needs of the medical community to enhance patient care, new
research developments, clinical trial activities and therapeutic
approaches.
Conduct medical and scientific education and support for the field
organization in an effort to increase Caris Life Sciences presence and
market awareness.
Present clinical data and educational materials to physician sites and/or
conferences within an assigned region or nationally, as required by
Sales, Caris Precision Oncology Alliance (POA) Team, and Marketing.
Attend POA/Commercial meetings and other important relationship
development onsite meetings.
Promote CMI to physician sites across the United States, as required by
Sales, POA, and Marketing initiatives.
Support and present at molecular tumor board meetings.
Read and understand the scientific and technical literature in order to
maintain knowledge of the therapeutic oncology field for customer
engagement.
Assists with other related duties and special projects as required by
sales, POA, and marketing.
Assist in field training contracted speakers as part of the Caris
Speaker s Bureau.
Function as a field trainer of assigned region to provide an extension of
our Director of Training.
Regional speaking engagements (Roundtables, Grand Rounds, Tumor Boards,
etc.) with physicians to broaden CMI understanding clinically.
Attend select regional tradeshows, national tradeshows and participate in
sales meetings to present relevant data necessary to promote CMI and
educate clients in the marketplace.
Commercial input/review of marketing material to reflect current
molecular landscape.
Requirements
Knowledge,_Skills,_and_Experience_
3+ years of management experience in a related field - Life Sciences/
Pharma/Biotech preferred
Ability to think creatively and initiate new ideas or solutions to
business issues.
Independence of thought and sound judgment relating to business needs.
Demonstrated commitment, self-motivation, and drive.
Possess strong interpersonal skills
Self-starter, ability to work in a fast-past, competing deadline driven
environment.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and Internet for business use.
Drive for Results (Service, Quality, and Continuous Improvement)
Ensure procedures and processes are in place that lead to delivery of
quality results and continually reassess their effectiveness to achieve
continuous improvement.
Communication Proficient verbal and written communication skills.
Willingness to share and receive information and ideas from all levels of
the organization in order to achieve the desired results.
Teamwork Commitment to the successful achievement of team and
organizational goals through a desire to participate with and help other
members of the team.
Customer Service Focus Demonstrate a focus on listening to and
understanding client/customer needs and then satisfying the client/
customer by exceeding service and quality expectations.
Education,_Certification/Licensure,_and/or_Experience_
Ph.D. or M.D. in a biological science related to pharmacology, cancer
biology, or molecular and cellular biology or equivalent training and
experience required.
Prior experience in a commercial atmosphere such as Diagnostics,
Pharmaceuticals or Commercial Lab space a plus.
Prior field experience working with customers and/or sales organization a
plus
This job description reflects management s assignment of essential function
Nothing in this job description restricts management s right to assign or
reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

Interested parties should use the link to apply and email their resume to Dana
Gingerich at .
Show moreShow less
