Job Description
We are seeking an SQL Server Data Modeler/Lead/Architect to become an integral part of our development team! You will design strategies for database systems as well as set standards for operations, programming and security.

Responsibilities:
Cloud experience is must either Azure or AWS
The Consultant will design stable and reliable databases, according to our organization requirements. Consultant will be responsible for developing, testing, improving and maintaining new databases for our data and analytics portal, and will work closely with developers to ensure system consistency
SQL Server Data Modeling experience is must
Strong expertise in database design, data tables and building schema for various staging databases.
Work with Intra team in setting up cloud based Dev, QA, Staging and Prod DB environments
Ability to guide or lead a team of onsite and offshore developers
Strong DBA skills are added advantage
Good SQL skills is added advantage
Design, create and manage data modeling and database schema in accordance with business requirements
Create complex functions, scripts, stored procedures and triggers to support application development
Develop best practices for database design and development activities
Perform regular tests and evaluations to ensure data security, privacy and integrity
Monitor database performance, implement changes and apply new patches and upgrades, when required
Test and implement database backup and recovery operations
Monitor and optimize database and server performance
Maintain existing stored procedures and review existing SQL code
Create and maintain database documentation, including data standards, procedures and definitions for the data dictionary (metadata)

Company Description
EdvenSoft Solutions is a global IT services company providing IT consulting, technology and outsourcing services. Using our enhanced global delivery model, innovative software platforming approach and industry expertise, we provide high-value IT services that enable our clients to enhance business performance, accelerate time-to-market solutions, increase productivity and improve customer service.

Platforming Approach
We approach all of our engagements with a platforming approach that is based on ten years of experience building software products for leading enterprise software companies. By applying the platforming principles, we deliver extraordinary value to our clients with well-architected solutions that reuse existing IT assets where possible, eliminate redundant code and data for maximized code reuse. Platforming enables our clients to lower their total cost of ownership and accelerate revenue generation by increasing business agility, streamlining redundancies and achieving economies of scale.

Focus on Clients Need
At EdvenSoft Solutions, we anticipate and understand our client’s emerging needs and work in close partnership to make their businesses stronger, valuable, more profitable and more productive. We also offer them the capability of capturing market opportunities. We work closely with our client’s leadership teams in order to gain better insights for providing the best possible IT services and solutions to their business challenges. This enables us to establish extremely close partnerships that foster continuous operational improvements and better bottom-line results for our clients.

People
EdvenSoft Solutions most valuable asset is its people. Our experience with leading global enterprises, our platforming approach, our focus on state-of-the-art technologies and best-in-class infrastructure enable us to attract as well as retain world-class technology professionals who thrive to help our clients succeed. Our people are acknowledged for their exceptional talent, passion, dedication, commitment, innovation and creativity. Our people take great pride in providing thought leadership, building sophisticated cutting edge solutions and creating client delight.

Domain Expertise
EdvenSoft Solutions has a global footprint with offices and Advanced Technology Centers in US and India. Headquartered in the US our executive, technology and domain leadership are in close proximity to majority of clients and their markets. We strive to earn a trusted partner status with our clients through high-touch, high-value, high-end relationships. Our industry solutions help our clients derive maximum value from IT investments, by leveraging a consulting-led, framework-based and process-driven approach across the industry value chain.

Specialized Services
To meet the specific needs of each client we have invested in deepening our industry-specific, domain and latest technologies. Driven by our IT consulting, technology and outsourcing services our customers accelerate innovation and maximize value from IT investments. We provide high-value IT services that enable our clients to enhance business performance, accelerate time-to-market, increase productivity and improve customer service. We build and sustain application platforms for our clients that create competitive advantage.
