Job Description
Supply Chain & Analytics Consultant (FT)

Reports to: SVP, Supply Chain, Analytics and Technology

Position Summary: This is a position within the Supply Chain Analytics organization. The candidate requires a. clear understanding of supply chain, operational and financial levers and is very comfortable building sophisticated models for cost-benefit and value props. Understanding of logistics, shipping modes and costs and fulfillment metrics and cost is a plus.

Key Responsibilities: Following are some of the key areas of responsibilities:

1. Supply Chain, Operations & Logistics Data Analysis
Articulates requirements, validates and collects data for analysis
Data prep with the use of tools and scripts
Conducts analysis using instructions, techniques and algorithms provided or researched
Collates and prepares key insights and findings
2. Recommendation-based Value Prop Creation
Associates metrics with insights
Creates value propositions and/or ROI
Develop cash-flow impact and other cost-benefit (NPV analysis)
3. Supply Chain Modeling & Scenario Planning (Decision Modeling) – build models for:
Supply Chain: Size, cost, location and network modeling
Warehouse Operations: Labor cost modeling, OpEx models for automation and improvements
Logistics: Logistics cost modeling first-middle-last mile models, alternatives, multi-modal etc.
4. Development of Strategic Recommendation Decks for Executives
Use of PowerPoint templates for Executive deck development
Ability to articulate the strategic recommendations, direction and value prop
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree Required – Industrial Engineering, Engineering or Finance. MBA Preferred
1-2 years relevant experience in Supply Chain, Operations or Analytics
Excellent verbal, written and presentation skills
Experience with simulation tools (Llamasoft, AnyLogic, Sumul8 etc.), BI tools (Sisense, Power BI etc.) and Supply Chain solutions (JDA, SAP, o9 etc.) is a plus
Looking for recent graduates from Tier 1 or 2 MBA schools preferred
Travel may be up to 70/80% or as required
Location: Anywhere in the US (Dallas, TX preferred)

We truly value our staff and offer the benefits to prove it, medical, dental and vision insurance, vacation, sick and personal leave, etc. Salary is dependent upon experience and skill set

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
Company Description
Advatix, Inc. is one of world’s leading providers of eCommerce Supply Chain and Logistics Consulting Services and Solutions that enables its clients to transform their operations for speed, service, and cost of fulfillment and delivery of goods and services. Advatix, Inc. is based in Westlake Village, CA with a global technology hub in India. It currently serves customers in the US, Latin America, and Asia.
