Principal Consultant - Analytics Consulting

06/22/2020

Job Description
In the role of Principal Consultant, you will significantly contribute to identifying best-fit architectural solutions for one or more projects; apply data science techniques to analyze large amounts of data, presenting data insights using high impact visualization, provide regular support/guidance to project teams on complex coding, issue resolution and execution. You will collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create and implement innovative high quality solutions, participate in Sales and various pursuits focused on our clients' business needs. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued.

Required Principal Consultant Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education.
7 years of experience in Information Technology.
Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Richardson, TX or be willing to relocate to the location. This position may require travel in the US and Canada
U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
Preferred Principal Consultant Qualifications
Masters or Ph.D. in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering Science, Astrophysics, Computational Biology.
7+ years of experience understanding business requirements from client and translate it to appropriate Data Analytics use cases.
Proficiency with statistical analysis tools (e.g., R & Python)
Hands on experience in Statistical & Machine learning Techniques & Deep Learning such as Decision Tree, Segmentation, Logistic and Multiple Regression, and others. Also, experience in Advance Analytics i.e LSTM, RANDOM FOREST, KNN algorithm neural networks etc.
Understanding of various Analytical Tools, Platform & Frameworks including Cloud platform (AWS), Hadoop, SPARK and PYSPARK.
Experience in optimization (linear, mixed integer, constraint programming), simulation, rule based scoring and/or predictive analytics.
Forecasting, Customer, CRM Analytics, billing and Device Analytics, Operations Analytics, Recommendation Analytics
Familiarity with database query tools (SQL). Basic understanding of data warehouse architecture
Strong Excel, Access and PowerPoint skills
About Us
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com.

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin

Auto req ID
57150BR

State / Region / Province
Texas

Country
USA

Interest Group
Infosys Limited

Role
Lead Consultant - Analytics Consulting

Company
ITL USA

Work Location
Richardson, TX

External Job Title
Principal Consultant
