Big Data Learning Machine Engineer Signature Consultants has an opportunity for a Big DataLearning Machine Engineer. Our client is seeking a candidate with at least 3 years of experience developing Data Pipelines for Data Ingestion or Transformation using Java or Scala or Python. For this role, the ideal candidate will have an intermediate level experienceknowledge in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript). Qualifications 2+ years experience in the following Big Data frameworks File Format (Parquet, AVRO, ORC etc.) 3+ years of developing applications with Monitoring, Build Tools, Version Control, Unit Test, TDD, Change Management to support DevOps 3+ years of experience with SQL and Shell Scripting experience 2+ years of experience with software design and must have an understanding of cross systems usage and impact Preferred Qualifications 2+ years of experience working with Dimensional Data Model and pipelines in relation with the same 2+ years experience with Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure or another public cloud service 2+ years of experience working with Streaming using Spark or Flink or Kafka or NoSQL Hands-on design experience with data pipelines, joining data between structured and unstructured data About Signature Consultants, LLC Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 14th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source Staffing Industry Analysts). With 28 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com httpwww.sigconsult.com . Signature Consultants is the parent company to Hunter Hollis httpswww.hunterhollis.com and Madison Gunn httpswww.madisongunn.com .
