About Us

Tachyon Technologies is a Digital Transformation consulting firm that partners with businesses to implement customer-focused business transformation. Tachyon Technologies understandÂwhat it takes for a consulting partner to be effective and strives to deliver a meaningful solution that exceeds its clients' expectations.

Role: Hadoop Data Engineer
Location: Irving, TX
Duration: 3 - 6 + Months

Responsibilities
â Partner with data analyst, product owners and data scientists, to better understand requirements, solution designs, finding bottlenecks, resolutions, etc.
â Support/Enhance data pipelines and ETL using heterogeneous sources
â Transform data using data mapping and data processing capabilities like Spark, Spark SQL, Impala etc.
â Expands and grows data platform capabilities to solve new data problems and challenges
â Ability to dynamically adapt to conventional big-data frameworks and tools with the use-cases required by the project

Basic Skill Requirements
â 7+ years Enterprise Development
â 3+ years of experience with the Hadoop and Big Data technologies
â 2+ Years Design with Big Data Strategies.

Other Skills
â Hands-on experience with the Hadoop eco-system - HDFS, MapReduce, Hive, Impala, Spark,Â
â Experience in implementing Hadoop Data Lakes - Data storage, partitioning, splitting, file types (Parquet, Avro, ORC) for specific use cases etc.
â Experience with Query languages â SQL, Hive, Impala, Drill etc.
â Solid hands on experience of development/automation in Unix OS
â Experience in agile(scrum) development methodology
â Exposure to Data ingestion methodologies such as Kafka, Sqoop, Storm, Web Scrapping, etc.
â Experience with development/automation skills. Must be very comfortable with reading and writing Python/Shell script and SQL code
â Experience with Hadoop open source distributions - Cloudera

Tachyon's full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities, and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Tachyon a great place to work.

A Disclaimer: The above statement is not a complete job description. The Client retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time.
