Company Description

ClientSolv Technologies is an IT solution firm with over a decade of experience serving Fortune 1000 companies, public sector and small to medium sized companies. ClientSolv Technologies is a woman-owned and operated company that is certified as a WMBE, 8a firm by the Federal government's Small Business Administration.

Job Description

Title: Data Analyst

Start Date: asap
Duration: 6 months Contract to hire (will definitely convert to fulltime after contract )
City, State & Zip Code: Remote /Travel during Contract & then move to Everett, WA upon conversion to fulltime

Travel to Dallas PA or Ft Wayne IN during the contract (if it is allowed due to COVID 19 and eventually they are looking move to Everett, WA upon conversion to Full-time.

We are seeking a Junior level Data Systems Analyst with SQL expertise for a contract-to-hire opportunity.

Top Skills
2-3 years of experience
Hands-on SQL experience -writing scripts and queries
Data entry into the Master data systems.
Workings systems and users
Has direct responsibility to the systems Menus, Access Control, Users, Peripherals, Security and Database entry/integrity.

Qualifications
Required experience – Minimum 3 years’ experience or equivalent in IT administration
Familiarity with a broad range of IT technologies and Software Solutions. i.e. Service Desk and Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software Platforms.
Familiarity with 3rd party cloud environments
Ability to thrive in a highly fast-paced, team-based organization
Strong attention to detail and documentation with ability to analyze information and develop a comprehensive work plan
Demonstrated problem solving, conflict resolution, time management, organizational and priority setting skills
Provides leadership by exhibiting influence and expertise
Ability to lead and work in remote team across time zones.
Some travel to attend Training, business-related meetings & conferences
Occasional weekend work if projects or assignments necessitate activity when workers are out of the office and may have to work off-hours if there are critical problems requiring IT intervention
Experience with Microsoft Office365 (Preferred)
Knowledge of any of the application functions (Payroll, HR, AP, Supply Chain, Billing, Inventory, Financials, property management, fleet management) (required)
Knowledge of SQL commands and functions: 3 - 5 years (Preferred)
Additional Information

This 6 months CTH role.

2 round of phone interview.
