Description:

Business Analysis Manager is a Vice President position that is responsible for an MIS support function for the Mortgage Servicing line of business. The function includes business intelligence and operational reporting and analytics solutions that drive achievement of business goals, process improvement and control initiatives. The candidate must have a strategic thought process in leading development of business intelligence and data solutions to solve complex business problems. An ideal candidate would also have progressive advancement in leadership and proven track record of data-related projects that have resulted in improved performance, controls and profitability.

Essential Job Functions:

Working the Business Units to evaluate, analyze and map business processes to develop solutions that provide accurate, consistent and reliable data and report delivery. Partnering with several divisions including IT, Project Management, Risk, Finance, Quality Assurance, Business Controls in planning and executing on strategic business initiatives. Designing and executing on solutions for operational reporting to support process controls, pipeline management, monitoring productivity and ad-hoc analysis. This includes development and maintenance of regular reports, dashboards and presentation decks. Partners with stakeholders to develop and adhere to data quality and timeliness standards.

General Skills and Knowledge
Proactively looks for ways to improve processes and procedures
Prioritizes and manages in ways that use resources effectively
Is decisive, communicates findings and issues and proposes solutions to business executives
Stays abreast of trends and industry best practices
Sets high standards for performance for self and others
Differentiates performance and recognizes rewards based on merit
Effectively prioritizes and delegates work
Develops others through coaching and mentoring. Fosters positive motivation, balances adaptive and tactical performance.
Is viewed as confident and trusted advisor to supported lines of business
Produces clear and succinct written and verbal communications and knows how to think through and frame messages for different levels of audience
Sponsors and develops preventive processes and strengthens the control framework and monitor potential process failures or weaknesses.
Upholds reputation of the firm at all times and exemplifies the highest standards
Possesses conflict resolution, change management, project management and cross functional leadership skills
Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in relevant fields including computer science, business, finance, mathematics, statistics or equivalent work experience required.
Minimum of 3 years of MS SQL experience and MS development reporting tools
Minimum of 3 years of experience with Oracle development reporting tools
Minimum of 5 years of analytical support.
Minimum of 3 years of default mortgage or mortgage servicing background.
Minimum of 3 years experience with MSP (Black Knight) a plus.
Efficient work style with a strong sense of urgency.
Detail oriented coupled with the ability to show initiative, good judgment, and resourcefulness.
Must possess the ability to work and research/resolve issues independently while sharing best practices and knowledge with colleagues.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Evidence the ability to work with all levels of management.
Collaborate with management and staff in the development and implementation of all projects and/or initiatives related to operational goals and/or process improvement directives.
Ability to operate in a collaborative and cooperative environment and must possess interpersonal skills necessary to work effectively with colleagues at various levels of the organization.
Strong time management and organizational skills.
Able to organize/manage multiple priorities and projects coupled with the flexibility to quickly adapt to ever changing business priorities and perform well under pressure
Assure the integrity of data, through extraction, manipulation, processing, analysis and reporting.
Proficiency within the Microsoft environment and experience with Excel functions, pivot tables, and charts.
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
