Apply Now


JOB SUMMARY:

The Corporate Senior Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst works with a variety of data analysis tools and information systems to transform data within those systems into visualizations and reporting tools that drive decisions related to organizational expansion, continuous improvement, policies and procedures, budgeting and forecasting, and operational efficiency. This position reports to the Chief Operating Officer (COO).

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Develop and prepare strategies for BI processes for organization.
Perform analysis of organization business processes and provide relevant results.
Prepare architecture for data, design strategies, and provide business object solutions as per requirements.
Supervise efficient working of all BI projects and analyze needs and perform appropriate tests on the same.
Administer projects, prepare updates, and implement all phases for the project to achieve all project objectives to include using Teamwork Projects.
Use analytic tools, like DOMO, that provide data integration capabilities, visualizations for real-time and predictive insights to support real-time business decisions.
Manage and customize all Extract, Transform, & Load (ETL) processes as per company requirements and analyze all strategies the same.
Analyze large complex data sets and be able to identify how to organize in a meaningful way to meet business project objectives.
Assess all corporate reporting requirements and develop long term strategy for various reporting solutions working collaboratively and in coordination with the Information Technology (IT) department.
Maintain and transform all strategies in operational plans according to business priorities and within budget.
Coordinate with data generator and ensure compliance to all enterprise data model according to data standards.
Work with business teams across all companies to understand needs and where BI could offer value.
Work with process development and resource teams and prepare appropriate schedule.
Create and maintain documentation surrounding BI requirements, design, and user manuals.
Conduct training sessions with users on BI tools.
Work closely with Senior Software Architects in IT when planning new data architectures.
Perform other duties as assigned.
REQUIRED QUALIFICIATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, or another quantitative field (e.g., mathematics, economics, finance), or equivalent business discipline experience.
3 years of experience in business intelligence, data analysis, or related position.
Understanding of reporting systems and development lifecycle.
Knowledge of business intelligence and analytics applications (e.g., SQL Server, SSIS, DOMO, Tableau, Power BI, Qlikview, Cognos).
Experience working with/on a technical development team.
Ability to gather requirements, research alternatives, and analyze data to develop insightful conclusions and generate solutions to address user needs.
Ability to create written communication materials that effectively summarize findings and support recommendations for presentation to senior management.
Exceptionally self-motivated, self-directed, and able to maintain focus in a rapidly changing environment.
Highly organized and able to communicate in detail as well as abstractions.


PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Ability to work in a traditional professional office setting or remote equivalent.
Prolonged periods of sitting at a desk and working on a computer.
Advanced computer skills and ability to effectively operate computer equipment, software systems and databases.
Work schedule may vary and is determined by project schedules.
Ability to efficiently operate all job-related office equipment.
Ability to communicate via telephone, computer and work in virtual teams.
Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at a time.
Ability to travel using personal vehicle to other office locations as needed.
The responsibilities may require occasional overnight travel.


The specific statements shown in each section of this description are not intended to be all-inclusive. They represent typical elements and criteria necessary to successfully perform this position.

Employees must conduct business in accordance with applicable laws, regulations, professional standards and ethical standards and report potential compliance or ethical issues to a manager or the Human Resources Department.

Southwestern Family of Companies affirms our commitment to make reasonable accommodation to known physical or mental limitations of otherwise-qualified individuals with disabilities or special disabled veterans, unless the accommodation would impose an undue hardship on the operation of our business. Please see the Human Resources Department for additional information.
