Job Description
Data Scientist – Simply Biotech

Are you looking for a new career opportunity with an exciting biotech company?! Then we have got the right team for you! In this role, you are responsible for the duties listed below.

Immediate opening for a Data Scientist in Palo Alto, CA who possess:
PhD in a quantitative field in the natural or social sciences e.g. statistics, economics, genetics, political science, etc.
Significant experience in R or Python
Proficiency working in Linux environment
Strong fundamentals in machine learning
Email your resumes to ajones@simplybiotech.com or call 858.251.3562

FULL DESCRIPTION: As a (Senior) Data Scientist, you will lead the development of modern statistical and experimental methodologies to discover actionable insights in our clinical and biological data. These insights will feed directly into our products and support our research and development efforts. You will work closely with an inter-disciplinary team of laboratory scientists, data scientists, and engineers to ensure the company meets its key milestones and objectives as well as identify additional opportunities where data science can bring real business value. You will also have the advantageous opportunity to collaborate on the data generation process itself.

The selected candidate will further possess:
Expertise in applied statistics
Experience working with datasets that cannot fit in a typical personal computer’s memory
Proficiency writing high-quality code, using version control, and maintaining documentation
Ability to communicate and collaborate with an inter-disciplinary team
Ability to translate business-level objectives to data science objectives
Experience with clinical or biological data e.g. genomics, proteomics, imaging, EMR
Experience with association studies in biological domains e.g. GWAS
Experience with study designs for assessing diagnostic tests
For immediate and confidential consideration, please email your resume to ajones@simplybiotech.com or call 858.251.3562

More information can be found at www.SimplyBiotech.com
Company Description
We are Kinetic Personnel Group! As our name implies, we are dedicated to keeping your career in motion by connecting exceptional candidates with great companies. We work with companies across a variety of industries both, locally and nationwide to keep their businesses moving forward. Our customers are established Organizations; large and small; in the private, public, and municipalities sectors. We partner with them to staff for a broad range of positions and across various functionalities, such as:

Accounting/Finance

Information Technology

Sales/ Customer Service

Engineering Disciplines

Manufacturing

Administration

Logistics

Benefits offered by Kinetic Personnel Group: Medical, Dental, Vision, Sick Pay, Longevity Pay, and Holiday Pay
