About the Role
We are seeking a Data Scientist who will be responsible designing, modeling and developing algorithms for Genalyte’s analytics platform. This position supports, gathers, creates and maintains data and workflows for data analysis, handling and management. We need an individual ready to develop scripts to analyze data from multiple data sources and recommends enhancements to data workflow processes, designs, builds, implements, improves and maintains high performance and highly scalable automated data pipelines.
Role is responsible for:
Design, develop, and maintain algorithms and models used in the health analytics platform that reflect the functional needs of the business.
Gather and maintain appropriate data required for the models.
Perform analysis of data for evaluation, validation and optimization.
Present analysis and results using charts, tables, and reports to functional technical and non-technical leaders.

About You
This role requires you to be a proficient technical expert with at least 3 years of working experience in a Data Scientist role. This role also requires a PhD or Master’s degree in Biostatistics, Statistics, Mathematics or a related field. Beyond education and years of experience, you should be experienced with multiple statistical programming languages such as Python, R or Matlab.

The most successful candidates will be those who are self-motivated and enthusiastic for working in fast-paced and collaborative environment.

About Genalyte
Since 2007, Genalyte has been guided by the vision of performing panels of tests and receiving results within a few minutes. As we look to the future, Genalyte’s technology will transform health care- moving lab testing from the lab into the physician’s office.

We are well funded with outstanding growth potential. We are looking for individuals inspired by our technology and vision, who are eager to be at the ground level of this collaborative and entrepreneurial company.

We want to hire individuals who are interested in creating an innovative, fast-paced and dynamic work setting. We offer a competitive salary and benefits package to attract, motivate, and retain the highest caliber of employee.
