Data Scientist

We are a disruptive technology startup, building an innovative
energy monitoring solution that is radically changing consumer
perspective on energy efficiency. We have developed
ground-breaking analytics that can itemize home energy usage data
to the appliance level without using any plug-level monitors.
Now, we are setting out to deliver this technology to millions of
households across the world and capture a market that is
predicted to be billions of dollars in next few years. The
combination of big data in energy, data mining and consumer
advertising come together to make this world a greener place by
helping reduce energy consumption at a massive scale. We are
funded by one of the top cleantech VCs in Silicon Valley.

Position

We are looking for extraordinary Data Scientists to add to its
core team. The ideal candidate must enjoy diving deep into data
sets and finding interesting patterns through analytical
experiments run in a methodical way. Be part of a highly
energetic and innovative team that believes nothing is impossible
with some creativity and hard work. This is an unparalleled
opportunity to work with incredibly smart people.

What you can look forward to
Research and develop advanced statistical and machine
learning models for analysis of large-scale, high-dimensional
data.
Dig deeper into data, understand characteristics of data,
evaluate alternate models and validate hypothesis through
theoretical and empirical approaches.
Productize proven or working models into production quality
code.
Collaborate with product management, marketing and
engineering teams to understand requirements and develop
potential solutions.
Stay current with latest research and technology trends;
share knowledge by clearly articulating results and ideas to
key decision makers.
File patents for innovative solutions that add to company's
IP portfolio.

What you'll bring
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, or
related areas. Exceptionally strong candidates with a BS and
relevant work experience welcome.
Strong background in data mining, machine learning and
statistical analysis.
Expert pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
(time series analysis, logistic regression, decision trees,
etc.).
Keen aptitude for large scale data analysis with a knack for
identifying key insights from data.
Fluency in programming languages like Java/Python.
Experience using Big Data
(Hadoop/Cassandra/HDFS/HBase/HIVE/Pig) is a plus.
3+ years hands-on practical experience with large scale data
analysis.
Fluency in analytical tools such as Matlab/R.
Strong communication and collaboration skills.
