Overview:


Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an international biopharmaceutical company focused on improving patients lives by identifying, developing and commercializing meaningful products that address unmet medical needs. We are continuing to expand our commercial product portfolio and our research and development pipeline in therapeutic areas that can leverage our unique expertise.

Our therapeutic areas of focus include sleep and hematology/oncology areas in which we have a deep understanding of the patient journey and a suite of products and product candidates to address critical needs.

We are looking for the best and brightest talent to join our team. If youre looking to be a part of a company with an unwavering commitment to improving patients lives and being a great place to work, we hope youll explore our career openings and get to know Jazz Pharmaceuticals.

Responsibilities:


The Director will collaborate with a diverse set of scientists inside and outside the Global Value HEOR (GV-HEOR) group to conduct research of Real World Data (RWD) using advanced analytics, including Machine Learning, to facilitate the execution of value demonstration activities. The Director will provide input on selection of fit-for-purpose RWD and analytical platforms for various initiatives, efficiently execute analytics and predictive modeling that meet CARSE standards, and facilitate external research that leverage innovative analytics such as interactive visualization. The Director will help develop internal collaborations on RWD assets, analytics, and technology across the organization. Responsibilities extend to methodological expertise to improve the design, conduct, analysis, interpretation of studies, and may involve external publications and presentations. The Director will report to a Global Value Lead.

Essential Functions
Facilitate initiatives with external partners that leverage innovative technology such as machine learning, artificial intelligence, and interactive visualization.
Provide expert analytical support to GV-HEOR personnel in the design, analysis, reporting, and interpretation of HEOR projects involving RWD to meet CARSE standards and contribute to publications and external presentations.
Partner with GV-HEOR personnel, biostatisticians, clinicians, programmers, market research, and other Jazz personnel to optimize utilization of RWD.
Participate in GV-HEOR regular meetings and engage in proactive communications with project leads to better understand scientific and business needs.
Provide computational and statistical advice on complex analytic issues supporting HEOR projects conducted by external vendors.
Develop, implement, and promote methodologies based on state-of-the-science computing and statistical research and dissemination of the results both internally and externally.
Develop effective collaborations with GV-HEOR personnel.
Stay current with research on HEOR methodology and its applications pertinent to the GV-HEOR needs.
Be up-to-date on training and compliance with all SOPs as required based on the assigned curriculum.
Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
At least 5 years of post-graduation experience with health economics, health technology assessment, and outcomes research methodology used in RWE. Candidates with less work experience, or experience in other fields, will also be considered if they have exceptional relevant methodology research credentials.
Deep understanding of Machine Learning technology, hands-on experience preferred (e.g., Lupi, Random Forest, Reinforcement Learning, NLP)
Hands on experience performing complex RWD analysis in a cloud environment.
Hands on experience analyzing EMR and Claims Big Data (e.g., MarketScan, Explorys)
Intimate familiarity with Oncology/Hematology commercial and governmental claims and EMR big and small data.
Experience with analytical platforms (e.g. Aetion)
Required/Preferred Education and Licenses
Ph.D. in HEOR related discipline, required.
Description of Physical Demands
Occasional mobility within office environment.
Routinely sitting for extended periods of time.
Constantly operating a computer, printer, telephone and other similar office machinery.
Description of Work Environment
Work indoors in normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, fumes, vibrations and temperature changes.
Frequent computer use at workstation.
May move from one work location to another occasionally.
Responsibilities may require a work schedule that may include working outside of normal work hours, in order to meet business demands.
Occasional public contact requiring appropriate business apparel.
Jazz Pharmaceuticals is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any characteristic protected by law.
