HEALTH[at]SCALE is a rapidly growing post-Series A Silicon Valley-based healthcare machine intelligence startup founded by machine learning and clinical faculty with strong ties to MIT, Stanford, Harvard and U-Michigan. The company was one of Forbes’ “25 Machine Learning Startups to Watch” for 2019. Our mission is to bring precision delivery to healthcare through cutting-edge machine learning and artificial intelligence that can predictively match the world's patients to the right treatments by the right providers at the right times. HEALTH[at]SCALE's machine intelligence platform and applications for care prediction are among the largest deployments to date of machine learning technologies for healthcare; helping leading organizations manage tens of millions of individuals in live production use. The company's software solutions service a broad range of use cases for managed care, accountable care and self-insured organizations, including: early targeted prediction and prevention of adverse outcomes, optimizing care planning and guiding effective treatment; refining and navigating provider networks; and reducing fraud, waste and abuse. For more information, please visit our website.

Responsibilities
Design and implement new predictive machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms
Extract novel insights from healthcare datasets to improve outcomes and economics of care
Identify and formulate analytical problems underlying major healthcare challenges
Design experiments and conduct rigorous analytical studies for evaluation and improvement
Conduct exploratory data analysis and visualization
Work closely with engineering teams to turn methods into production-ready technologies
Engage with a growing customer base to define opportunities
Requirements

Minimum Qualifications
PhD in Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field
2+ years of experience with data analytics and machine learning in academia or industry
Strong understanding of the foundational concepts of machine learning and artificial intelligence
Familiarity with modern machine learning and optimization toolkits
Strong proficiency in Python or R
Excellent communication skills
Preferred Qualifications
Track record of publishing at leading AI/ML venues (e.g., NIPS, ICML, AAAI, ICDM, KDD)
Experience working with healthcare datasets (e.g., EHR/claims/omics/device/notes/image data)
Benefits

HEALTH[at]SCALE offers competitive salary, stock options, 401k, high-quality health benefits (medical, dental and vision), parental leave benefits and flexible work hours. We are an equal opportunity employer and are committed to diversity in our hiring and business practices.

To all recruitment agencies: HEALTH[at]SCALE does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, HEALTH[at]SCALE employees or any organization location. HEALTH[at]SCALE is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
