Zoom is growing at an explosive pace by every measure - revenues, people, innovation, and customers. Led by Eric S. Yuan, the #1 ranked CEO on Glassdoor, our unique culture makes Zoom an awesome place to work. We are expanding teams across the organization. If you are motivated by delivering happiness, come join us at Zoom!

The Data Science team lies at the foundation of Zoom’s success. We are looking for a rock-star to join our team to help us develop and improve our machine learning models. You’ll be able to leverage robust data to develop inference and optimization models that impact millions of our users across the world. You'll be working cross-functionally with teams of Product Engineers , Product Managers, Data Engineers, Sales and Marketing Managers on some of the most critical projects in the company.

As a member of the Data Science you will play an important role in driving the growth of Zoom that drives mission-critical business decisions.

This role is based out of our headquarters in downtown San Jose, California.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with other data scientists, engineers, analysts, and product managers to develop and improve models to help us grow our business
Research, design, and develop new machine learning solutions and algorithms
Work on data association, clustering, segmentation, filtering, and estimation
Unlock new opportunities for growth by discovering insights, automate processes, and predictive modeling
Strong storytelling: distill interesting and hard-to-find insights into a compelling story
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 4+ years of experience using data to facilitate decisions
Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Physics, Operations Research, or other quantitative field
Experience with at least two of the following areas: classical machine learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning/control systems, probability theory, statistics, causal inference, time series forecasting, optimization, dynamic programming
Demonstrated coding and programming abilities (Python preferred).
Self-driven with the ability to work in a self-guided manner
