Who are we and why join us?
We help people change their lives. BetterHelp is the world’s largest counseling service. We connect people facing life's challenges with a counselor from our network of licensed, accredited, and board-certified therapists. Each month, over 1,500,000 counseling messages, chats, voice calls, and video sessions are facilitated through BetterHelp’s secure website and mobile app. Our mission is to provide everyone with easy, affordable, and private access to professional counseling, anytime, anywhere.
We're big and small at the same time. We've already built a network of thousands of counselors, served millions of members, and facilitated tens of millions of counseling sessions. We're part of Teladoc Health (NYSE: TDOC), the nation's first and largest telehealth provider. Yet, our team is still small and nimble, allowing you to have a huge impact and make your mark.
We're growing super fast. There’s no better time to join!

What are we looking for?


BetterHelp is looking for a Sr. Data Analyst / Data Scientist to help us scale and increase our impact. You will use data to drive insight into the product and business with a focus on new user growth, retention and quality. The ideal candidate would have experience analyzing large and complex data sets related to web products. You'll be doing plenty of experiment design and post-hoc analysis, both to support product improvements and business decisions, as well as setting up infrastructure and frameworks for more efficient analysis. You'll be a leader on the team and coming with experience creating real business impact via data.

What will you do?
Work with the product team and development team to design effective A/B tests.
Use data to optimize our 7 figure monthly advertising budgets.
Monitor and analyze several A/B tests with statistical rigor, present the data and insights to the team and drive product decisions.
Have opportunity to use our terabytes of data to help us optimize and drive business impact.
Be a part of setting up infrastructure to help other analysts be more efficient
Slice and dice an enormous amount of data to gain insight on how to improve our products.
Look at complex problems and come up with testable models and algorithms to optimize the platform.
Develop theories that can be explored with analysis to help us improve.
Set up BI tools and regular reporting services and interfaces.
Live and breathe SQL.
Enjoy great teamwork, have lots of fun, and take pride in building a world-class product that makes a difference on people's lives.

What will you NOT do?
You will NOT worry about "runway", "cash left", or "how much time we have until the next round". We have the startup DNA but we're fully backed and funded, all the way to success.
You will NOT be confined to your "job". You will get involved in product, marketing, business strategy, and almost everything we do.
You will NOT be bogged down by office politics, ego, or bad attitude. Only positive, pleasure-to-work-with people allowed here!
You will NOT get yourself burned out. We work hard but we believe in maintaining sustainable work/life balance. Really.
Requirements
BSc/MA in a quantitative discipline such as Statistics, Math, Economics, or Engineering
At least 3 years of experience in a quantitative data analysis role involving user behavior (e.g. marketing, product)
Advanced experience with SQL
Advanced knowledge of statistics, especially as it relates to hypothesis testing
Expert in using tools like R and Python for data analysis
Experience analyzing A/B tests
Experience with BI tools like Tableau and Looker
Experience analyzing large and complex data sets to drive business insights and decisions
Great grasp of numbers with love for data and analytics, knowledge of statistics
Excellent communication (oral and written), attention to detail, time management and organizational skills

Bonus (great to have but not required):
Experience building predictive models
Experience with web based products
Experience in or supporting a growth team
Coding experience
Benefits
Very competitive salary & equity compensation
Excellent health, dental, vision coverage
401k benefits with employer matching contribution
Office in the heart of downtown Mountain View, a three-minute walk from Caltrain
Catered lunch every day, bottomless snacks (even avocado toast!), and locally roasted coffee
Commuter benefits, FSA accounts, and Employee Stock Purchase Programs available
Building something that matters - loved by the people and admired by the press
Any piece of hardware or software that will make you happy and productive
Free BetterHelp accounts for all team members
Awesome people to work with
Nothing to slow you down
Helping people have a better life, every day

Please note: BetterHelp does not currently sponsor Visas.

#LI-PK1
