At Liftoff, we're solving one of the core problems faced by every mobile app: growth. To do so, we build Machine Learning models and infrastructure that can accurately predict which apps a user will like and how to connect them in a compelling way. Our systems operate at a scale unseen outside of the largest Internet companies -- processing over a million requests per second and interacting with over a billion users. Our technology is creative and we have strong product-market fit; as a result, we've already reached profitability and are seeing tremendous growth.

As a Machine Learning Engineer at Liftoff, you will:
Own both the ML models and the underlying software tooling and infrastructure. Our ML Engineer role combines the classic "ML Scientist" and "Data Engineer" role at other companies.
Have a closed feedback loop from hypothesis generation to live AB testing, with no cross-team friction and sub-day iteration cycles.
Take on unique modeling challenges not covered in the scientific literature, like extreme positive sample sparsity and labelling delay.
Work with modeling techniques at the state-of-the-art of probability prediction, as well as a multitude of other ML areas from NLP to CNNs.
Become an expert in Clojure, Go, and the many other cutting-edge open source technologies that maximize our development velocity.
Join a nimble, consistently excellent, and experienced engineering team (former Google/LI/Ooyala/etc).
Desired qualities and experiences:
Very strong coding ability (experience in Go and Clojure is a plus).
2+ years of industry experience applying Machine Learning to large scale problems.
Strong core CS fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, architecting systems).
A passion for quality and excellence, and the ability to temper it when necessary to ship.
Sets ego aside in pursuit of finding the best solution, no matter where it comes from.
Self-motivated and a great ability to hustle.
B.S. or higher in Computer Science. PhD a big plus.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Come join our team and help us shape the future of mobile growth!
