Description:

Position Requires a Top Secret (TS/SCI) Clearance with a Polygraph.

The Contractor shall provide for the tasks documented in this narrative on a best effort, Level of Effort (LOE) basis with the number of FTE listed under labor categories. The hours shall be managed at the overall requirement level.
The Sponsor has a mission need for additional support to enable and grow existing automation efforts, add additional data streams, and drive forward natural language processing efforts.
The Sponsor seeks a Data Scientist to focus on the Sponsor’s business analytics, metrics collection, and analysis efforts. The Sponsor’s management team requires a data scientist to characterize the Sponsor’s work force demographics, workforce productivity and output, and the value of collection to the analytic workforce.
The Contractor shall work with the Sponsor and stakeholders to establish search profiles, working data sets, and configurations to support metrics analysis.
The Contractor shall design and implement advanced code and table configurations for complex data sets. The Contractor shall compile data analysis and conduct needs assessments using deployed tools. The Contractor shall stay current with the Sponsor’s enterprise metadata collection tools. The Contractor shall produce ad hoc metrics reports to answer immediate needs. The Contractor shall employ the Sponsor’s existing coordination process.

Estimated Salary:
Position Level: Level 3 – Senior
Salary Range: Up to $170,000.00 per year

B4Corp Estimated Salary Ranges:
Position Level Min Salary Max Salary
Level 1 – Subject Matter Expert $160,000 $215,000
Level 2 – Expert $140,000 $195,000
Level 3 – Senior $110,000 $170,000
Level 4 – Full Performance $60,000 $100,000

Mandatory Requirements:

Demonstrated professional experience using the scripting language Python.

Demonstrated experience with machine learning.

Demonstrated professional experience with analytic methods and tools in: applied mathematics, data modeling or probability and statistics.

Demonstrated experience using advanced Microsoft Excel methods.

Demonstrated professional experience with SQL in Oracle.

Demonstrated experience presenting complex, technical findings.

Demonstrated experience working with diverse data types.

Demonstrated professional experience with version control systems, such as Github.

Demonstrated experience with data science techniques or formal data science training.

Optional Requirements:

Demonstrated experience with developing data visualizations.

Demonstrated experience with creative problem solving skills to address procedural and administrative issues within the assigned problem set.

Demonstrated experience with web analytics processing and procedures.

Demonstrated familiarity with Amazon Web Services infrastructure.

Demonstrated familiarity with Amazon Web Services’ native data science capabilities.

B4CORP Company Information

B4Corp is a small defense contracting company that focuses on providing an optimum environment for mission-focused, highly-skilled consultants to support the United States of America’s intelligence community and other defense organizations. B4Corp provides a low overhead, highly efficient, high salary environment that allows employees to excel at meeting the client’s needs. B4Corp is looking for information technology professionals that have a high sense of personal responsibility, self-motivation, and mission drive.

B4Corp’s dedication and care for its employees is reflected in the outstanding compensation and benefits B4Corp provides. Our salaries are second to none. B4Corp’s benefits reflect the company’s policy of putting the employees first. Our health insurance demonstrates this with 100% employer coverage and providing employees with a plan that has $0 copay, 0% coinsurance and an HSA that can allow employees to accrue health savings for the future. B4Corp’s maximum flexibility comp / makeup time policy, along with the company’s cafeteria-style benefit plan that allows employees to maximize their benefit dollars, reflects B4Corp’s commitment to its employees.

Compensation:
Outstanding Salaries
Retirement:
Full Vanguard 401k Plan – Featuring a full scope of investment options
– 100% employer matched contribution up to 6% of employee’s salary
– Ability to max out 401k savings $57k ($63.5k if over 50)
Employees receive B4Corp phantom stock each year (2-year vesting period)
Insurance 100% Employer-Paid Premiums:
United Health Care Choice Plus HSA POS Gold 1500 w/HSA
– Employer funded HSA to cover 100% health care deductible
– Health insurance: $0 copay, $0 co-insurance. Full scope protection for you and your family!
– 100% employer premium coverage for single and family
Health Equity HSA – B4Corp contributes $1500.00 for single and $3000.00 for family into your Health Equity HSA to cover 100% of your health care deductible.
Mutual of Omaha Dental VSP Vision Insurance Mutual of Omaha short-term disability (60% of salary up to $2,000.00/week)
Mutual of Omaha long-term disability (60% of salary up to $10,000.00/month)
Mutual of Omaha life insurance ($200,000.00)
Employee Referral Bonus:
Refer a friend or a coworker and receive $2,000 per year for every year the person works for B4CORP
Paid Time Off (PTO):
Seven weeks of leave per year (including ten federal holidays)
Ability to purchase 2 additional weeks of vacation
Flexible work schedule with comp time (with customer approval)
Tuition and Training:
Free CBTNuggets Online Training Account
– More than 200 online IT courses on a large variety of topics, including networking, security, virtualization, and the cloud — from trusted vendors such as Cisco, Microsoft, and Google.
– Train anytime, anywhere, and on a variety of devices – even offline!
– Transcender® Practice Exams
– Virtual Labs
Free L inux Academy Online Training Account
Internal Tracking -J949
