Scientist I, Formulation

Full time, 1 year contract role
Support manufacturing operations in the executing of production flows as well as reporting and documentation of production results.
This position will be responsible for carrying out the formulation and QC under limited supervision.
This role requires strong time management and organization and ability to participate effectively in multidisciplinary teams to solve problems in manufacturing environment.
Education:
BS degree in Chemistry, Biochemistry, Biology, or equivalent knowledge and experience in manufacturing environment is beneficial.
Experience 2-3 years of experience in manufacturing or RD with demonstrated competency in the use of molecular biology techniques.
Experience in process improvement, i.e.: Lean Manufacturing Principles Experience in analytical method validation
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Demonstrates strong leadership
Experience working with Supervisor to identify issues, resource needs and improvement opportunities.
Offer suggestions for resolution/improvements.
Consistent, dependable and accurate in carrying out responsibilities
Ability to track record of problem solving through root cause analysis, well designed experiments, data analysis and interpretation.
Solid technical writing and verbal skills as evidenced by the ability to prepare technical reports, product transfer documents, clear and effective manufacturing protocols and SOPs
Experience in participating and leading in Continues Improvement- Practical Process Improvement PPI events and problem solving.
Experience in driving the PPI business system by encouraging employees to put JDIs in and using the PPI process to drive improvements.
Manage employee time and attendance through Workday
Participate in project implementation
Why Kelly®?


Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interestsits the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
