Course Hero is scaling! In this role, you will combine leadership, technical insight, and product design thinking to help a growing team of Data Scientists and Analysts deliver high-impact, actionable insights. Your passion for mentorship and feedback will amplify a culture that brings out the best in each team member. You will guide and structure the development of statistical models and experimental designs while enhancing the storytelling capability of the team.

This role reports to our Senior Director of Analytics and Insights. Your work will have a direct impact on the company's revenue and product strategy. This role requires empathy, business acumen, and an obsession for using data to drive product enhancements.

Here are some more specific ways you'll make an impact!
Provide inspirational leadership for a team of Data Scientists and Analysts
Recruit, hire, and retain world-class analytics and data science staff
Ensure that projects have sound technical architecture and make use of appropriate technologies
Solve mission-critical business problems with appropriate statistical rigor
Partner with product leaders and provide deep strategic insights
Demonstrate grit and break down complex problems into actionable development plans
Are you our Senior Analytics Manager?
5+ years of subject matter expertise in data analytics or data science for online consumer software products, e.g. online shopping, social media, streaming services, content aggregation, gaming, etc.
2+ years of leadership and people management experience
Hands-on experience conducting quantitative product/business analysis using Python or R, and SQL
Passion for enabling analytics and data science best practices
Create analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to define success metrics; create approaches to track the data and troubleshoot errors; quantify and evaluate the data
Establish meaningful business insights and lead development and implementation of statistical and machine learning models to drive improvements in products
Hands-on experience with experimentation, including design, implementation, and interpreting results for stakeholders methodologies (e.g. hypothesis testing and regression analysis) for analyzing and interpreting results to stakeholders
Comfortable functioning in spaces with high ambiguity and adapt easily to changing environments
Bonus Points:
Experience with big data tools such as Spark, Hive, or Pig is a plus
Knowledge of Google Analytics or Tableau
Understand end-to-end user journeys for web platforms and the challenges of managing user funnels that have multiple attribution touchpoints
BA/BS or Masters in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization (e.g., computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics), or equivalent work experience
About Us:

At Course Hero, we have an awesome team and a truly engaging culture. We are customer-focused, collaborative, responsible, gritty and we love to learn. Our bold mission is to help students graduate confident and prepared!

We are not the only ones that think we're onto something big. Course Hero has been recognized as the 278th Fastest Growing Company in North America on Deloitte's 2019 Technology Fast 500 and also 2019's One of the Best Places to Work in the Bay Area by the Bay Area News Group. Read up on some of our recent news coverage, blog, and learn more about usto see what it is like to work with our team.

Benefits & Perks!
Competitive salary and stock options
Full medical coverage (medical, dental, vision)
401(k) program with match
Education Reimbursement
Quarterly team events and outings (Sporting Events, Escape Rooms, Go-Kart Racing, Karaoke, Bowling and much more!)
Free lunches twice a week, on-site cafe discunt, plus an endless snack and drink supply
Onsite gym – Pacific Shores Center – Classes – Pool – Spa – Rock Wall - Massages!
Commuter benefits, shuttle service from Redwood City
10K Local move benefit to move within 10 miles of our office!
8 hours per quarter paid time for volunteering for a cause of your choice
Front row seat to Master Educator lectures – check out videos on our LinkedIn Career Page
