Data Scientist, ML
We are an industry leading software company catering to the Financial Services Industry. Our cutting edge software is used by some of the worlds most well-known brands. Our secure platform is built with the latest Machine Learning technologies and helps our clients see anywhere from 30-40% performance improvement over traditional methods! With these off-the-chart metrics, the demand for our innovative software suite has gone through the roof! We now have an urgent need for talented Data Scientist with a strong Machine Learning background to join our team!

Top Reasons to Work with Us
Industry Leader
Talented technical team
Tons of room for upward career growth
What You Need for this Position
3+ Years of Data Science experience and knowledge of:
Developing practical ML solutions with an emphasis on regression and classification techniques
Proficiency with Python, R & Git
Strong SQL experience
Experimental Design and A/B testing
Behavioral Economics, Predictive Modeling & Predictive Analytics is highly desired
Bachelors degree (or higher) in Computer Science or related field
Experience with Payment Processing or pricing models is highly preferred
What's In It for You
EXCELLENT benefits Including:
Competitive salaries (DOE)
Bonus/equity
Vacation/PTO
Medical
Dental
Vision
401(k) and much more!
So, if you're a Data Scientist with strong ML experience, please apply today!

OR send your resume AND salary requirements to me directly: brenna.boies@gmail.com
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
