WHAT IS BOX?

Box is the market leader for Cloud Content Management. Our mission is to power how the world works together. Box is partnering with enterprise organizations to accelerate their digital transformation by creating a single platform for secure content management, collaboration and workflow. We have an amazing opportunity to further establish ourselves as leaders in the space, and we need strong advocates to help us achieve that goal.

By joining Box, you will have the unique opportunity to help capture a majority of this developing market and define what content management looks like for the digital enterprise. Today, Box powers over 98,000 businesses, including 70% of the Fortune 500 who trust Box to manage their content in the cloud.

WHY BOX NEEDS YOU

Are you excited by the prospect of using Big Data and AI to drive business processes? At Box, we are powering the way the world works by providing a platform to seamlessly manage and share information. We are looking for data-driven individuals with a strong background in statistics and programming to join our Data Science team.

Data Scientists at Box design and build scalable end-to-end data products - architecting data pipelines, employing Machine Learning algorithms, and deploying solutions to solve critical business problems. In this role, you will build AI-powered services to impact business decision-making across all of Box. As a senior member of the Data Science team, you will also pitch new ideas to our C-suite executives on how to improve the business through data.

WHAT YOU'LL DO
Design features and build machine learning models to solve an array of business problems at Box
Pitch your ideas to senior executives
Demonstrated thought-leadership with a passion for translating data into action and business insights
Manage cross-functional teams (Product + Engineering, Marketing, Sales …) to get your ideas off the ground
Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities
Mentor junior data scientists on best practices
Design and deploy pipelines to power data-driven decision making at Box
WHO YOU ARE
MS/PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics or other quantitative fields
5+ years professional experience in a data science role
Proficient in Python or Scala/Java. Familiarity with Javascript or R preferred
Expertise in SQL and working with relational databases. Experience with Spark or Hadoop a plus
Familiarity in Linux/Unix environments
Demonstrated ability to design and develop, and launch machine learning-driven data products
Exceptional ability to communicate and build relationships with senior executives
BENEFITS
Visit this webpage to check out all of our exciting healthcare benefits: https://join.collectivehealth.com/box
For all other benefits, please check out: Box Benefits + Perks
EQUAL OPPORTUNITY

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

For details on how we protect your information when you apply, please see our Personnel Privacy Notice.
