Our PURPOSE—to enable healthier lives everywhere, every day—is driven by a PASSION to become global champions for women’s health. We succeed by fulfilling our PROMISE to bring The Science of Sure® to life through product quality, clinical differentiation, customer relationships and our team’s talent and engagement.

Our Purpose is simple: to enable healthier lives everywhere, every day. Toward this end, we offer clinically proven products designed to detect, diagnose and treat disease and other health conditions that primarily affect women—earlier and more accurately than ever to provide ever greater certainty and peace of mind. This focus has fueled our long track record of innovative medical breakthroughs across many therapeutic areas—breast health, cervical health, body composition, gynecologic health, perinatal health, skeletal health and sexual health—touching the lives of more than 230 million women around the world every year. In fact, as global champions for women’s health, no company in the world has done more to fight cervical and breast cancer than Hologic—and we will continue to challenge ourselves to ensure that future generations of women have access to our life-saving innovations.

Of course, none of this would be possible without the talent and passion of our employees. Together, our collective expertise and dedication to develop and market robust, science-based certainty sustain a pipeline of exceptional solutions that respond to the unmet health and wellness needs of women, families and communities. And when we fulfill our purpose and promise to the world, we also fulfill another goal: a business that generates sustainable global financial growth from which success and prosperity for our company, employees and investors naturally follow.

Our team develops advanced image processing and machine learning
algorithms for cutting-edge A.I. based medical imaging products. We are a
dynamic group of scientists and engineers, with diverse backgrounds from image
processing, computer vision, medical imaging, pattern recognition and machine
learning, working collaboratively in a high energy environment on innovative
imaging products that save lives.
Duties & Responsibilities:
Carry out machine learning research, including
investigating and evaluating latest deep learning algorithms
Develop machine learning and pattern recognition
algorithms for medical imaging applications, including detecting and classifying
objects in 2D and 3D medical images
Implement custom machine learning codes and
algorithms, deploy the machine learning solutions and algorithms into
production
Support optimizations to improve the performance
and scalability of our machine learning architecture and infrastructure
Design and implement sophisticated image
processing and analysis algorithms
Design and develop products that can provide
workflow and visualization solutions for radiology
Automate and optimize our internal development
tools, scripts and processes
Create software tools for effective algorithm
training and testing, perform software validation and verification, maintain
programs including trouble-shooting service request cases and performing
bug-fixes & modifications
Carry out literature research, investigate and
evaluate existing technologies
Communicate ideas and brainstorm with fellow
researchers on ideas and problems
Proficiency with C/C++ programming in a Windows
environment is required
Experience with Python, TensorFlow is highly
desired
Advanced degree with research experience in
machine learning and image analysis is required
Good documentation and communication skills
should be beneficial
Extensive prior experience with machine learning
algorithm (including deep learning) is required
Prior experience with image processing algorithm
development with medical imaging applications is beneficial; extensive
background knowledge in computer vision is also beneficial
Prior experience with GPU programming (CUDA) and
GPU optimization is beneficial
Prior experience with breast imaging modality
and/or Ultrasound imaging is beneficial
Education:
Master and above degree
with background in image processing and machine learning
Additional
Details:
Organization name: CAD Science, Advanced Technology
Development
Position reports to: Director, CAD Science
Agency and Third Party
Recruiter Notice:

Agencies that submit a resume to Hologic must have a
current executed Hologic Agency Agreement executed by a member of the Human
Resource Department. In addition Agencies may only submit candidates to
positions for which they have been invited to do so by a Hologic
Recruiter. All resumes must be sent to
the Hologic Recruiter under these terms or they will not be considered.

Hologic, Inc. is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
inclusive of disability and veterans.
