Machine Learning Engineer, TikTok Ads Integrity
Mountain ViewR&DExperienced
Responsibilities
TikTok is the leading destination for short-form mobile video and aims to inspire creativity and bring joy. Launched in over 150 markets and in 75 languages, TikTok has global offices including Mountain View, Los Angeles, New York, London, Paris, Berlin, Dubai, Mumbai, Singapore, Jakarta, Seoul, and Tokyo.

Given the fast growing of TikTok in the world, we are working on building next-generation ads integrity system for TikTok Ads. We are seeking Software Engineers focusing on machine learning which can help us to anticipate, predict potential threats, and build systems to protect against these treats. You will have a chance to work with a fully globalized team made up of great engineering talents in different countries, and work closely with cross-functional teams to build safe and trusted connections between users, businesses, and TikTok.

Responsibilities:
Build highly scalable machine learning systems in one of the following areas: ad fraud detection, risk control, adversarial engineering, ads/business integrity systems, to improve TikTok user's experiences with ads across the platform.
Collaborate with strategy team, product managers, policy team and other key stakeholders to define products and drive initiatives from engineering viewpoint.
Qualifications
Minimum Requirements：
BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or other relevant majors with 2+ years of work experience in relevant field, 1+ years of experience in machine learning field.
Ability to think critically and to formulate solutions to problems in a clear and concise way.
Preferred Requirements：
Good understanding in one of the following domains: ad fraud detection, risk control, quality control, adversarial engineering, business/ads integrity, and online advertising systems.
Good knowledge in one of the following areas: machine learning, deep learning, data mining, large-scale systems.
Apply
Share to
