Working at the intersection of hardware, software, and molecular science, we are committed to delivering on the promise of 3D printing, enabling commercial customers to go beyond basic prototyping to 3D manufacturing.
Our company is built on the idea that when diverse fields of study come together, we are able to solve challenging problems. We have grand dreams to build technology that will influence industries around the world. You will be joining a diverse team with a dynamic culture, where team success is as important as celebrating individual contributions.
Help us change the world, and we will help you change yours.
We are looking for an research scientist to develop novel materials for our 3D printing platform. Materials are at the core of what we do. Our materials are used for applications such as prototyping, dental, biomedical, automotive, aerospace, footwear, investment casting, and many more. You will work as part of a cohesive and high-energy team, but also direct individual projects and have the freedom to execute as you see fit.
Responsibilities:
Draw on academic and patent literature to identify and evaluate new chemistries and formulation strategies to drive continued materials development
Synthesize new monomer and oligomers and evaluate performance both at the component and full formulation levels
Formulate, print and characterize new formulations
Analyze and communicate materials characterization data in a clear, organized manner and make recommendations that allow for informed decision-making
Collaborate with internal teams and customers to define key product requirements, interpret test results, and determine follow-up experiments, to support resin products through commercialization

Requirements:

Bachelors or Masters degree in Chemistry, Chemical Engineering, Polymer Sciences, or Materials Sciences and Engineering
Organized with good time-management skills
Ability to multitask
Experience analyzing and reporting on large data sets
Knowledge in polymer chemistry
Experience/understanding of material properties (mechanical and thermo-mechanical)
Technical writing skills
Eagerness to learn in a fast-paced environment

Preferred Requirements/Experience:

2+ years working in a laboratory setting or in an industrial role
Basic understanding of various polymeric materials (thermoplastics, thermosets, specialty polymers)
Basic understanding of various polymerization reactions and techniques
Any understanding or experiences with large scale production/manufacturing is a bonus
Safety conscious individual who actively promotes safe behavior in the department and takes responsibility for safe lab operations
You do not need to match every listed expectation to apply for this position. Here at Carbon, we know that diverse perspectives foster the innovation we need to be successful, and we are committed to building a team that encompasses a variety of backgrounds, experiences, and skills.
