Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Mountain View, CA, USA; New York, NY, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics, related quantitative discipline, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in data science with a focus on marketing analytics, statistical modeling, machine learning, forecasting and optimization.
Experience in Python and/or R, and in data management systems.
Preferred qualifications:
PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering, or Mathematics.
Experience with big data and cloud platforms to deploy large-scale data science solutions.
Experience working in industries such as retail, financial services, telecommunications and automotive (including in a client-facing consulting or advisory capacity), and the ability to navigate complex business organizations and manage multiple cross-functional stakeholders.
Understanding of media and the statistical algorithms typically used in marketing analytics.
About the job


gTech’s Professional Services team takes a creative, collaborative, and customer-centric approach to provide foundational services and forward-looking business solutions to top advertiser and publisher customers. Through technical implementation, optimization, and key solutions, gTech Professional Services helps customers attain their business goals while building long-term capabilities.

gTech Professional Services takes a creative, collaborative, and customer-centric approach to provide foundational services and forward-looking business solutions to top advertiser and publisher customers. Through technical implementation, optimization, and key solutions, gTech Professional Services helps customers attain their business goals while building long-term capabilities. gTech Data Analysts work with Google’s Sales, Product, and Engineering teams to develop services and improve our products based on the evolving needs of users. You will ask the right business questions of Google’s internal stakeholders and larger clients to deliver innovative and actionable quantitative models and analyses. You will have an impact on marketing effectiveness and return on investment for Google’s clients.

Google creates products and services that make the world a better place, and gTech’s role is to help bring them to life. Our teams of trusted advisors support customers globally. Our solutions are rooted in our technical skill, product expertise, and a thorough understanding of our customers’ complex needs. Whether the answer is a bespoke solution to solve a unique problem, or a new tool that can scale across Google, everything we do aims to ensure our customers benefit from the full potential of Google products.

To learn more about gTech, check out our video.
Responsibilities
Supporting complex client engagements in marketing effectiveness and portfolio management with high quality data science solutions, augmenting product results where appropriate (such as Google Analytics 360).
Designing new methodologies, pulling necessary data, building statistical and machine-learned models with accuracy, and analyzing experiments, applying critical thinking throughout.
Collaborating across internal teams and clients, and managing opportunities and challenges in ways that improve processes and help clients become more data savvy.
Communicating and visualising insights to multiple levels of stakeholders with clarity, informing decision-making.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
