Data Science Developer Signature Consultants is seeking a Data Science Developer for a contract position in Redwood City. The candidate will be responsible for building and maintaining data pipelines and dashboards for GCS Sales Program impact measurement projects statistical analysis of impact of sales pilot programs and sales program changes aid in development of experiment design and tools to monitor and explain key metrics due to program changes andor machine learning enhancements. Our client is a cross-functional data science team looking for strong technical candidates with business acumen. The ideal candidate has experience working with all different stages of data analysis data querying, building reporting pipelines, running statistical analysis, building dashboards. Should be a self-starter that can 'crunch the numbers', be organized and detail-oriented, partner with senior stakeholders, and communicate effectively. Some familiarity with machine learning principles is required. Responsibilities Build and maintain data pipelines and scripts that support pipelines. Build and maintain dashboards that report on key model performance metrics. Additional statistical analysis providing insight into program change impact and key metrics. Required Skills SQL, R or Python Education and Experience - MSMA Degree Required - technical concentration (Mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, etc.) 2 years relevant experience Understanding of machine learning models Desired Skills PhD with technical concentration (Mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, etc.) 2 years experience as a data analyst or data scientist position About Signature Consultants, LLC Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 14th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source Staffing Industry Analysts). With 28 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com httpwww.sigconsult.com . Signature Consultants is the parent company to Hunter Hollis httpswww.hunterhollis.com and Madison Gunn httpswww.madisongunn.com .
