Posted: Jun 24, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200177341
At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work.

Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in the App Store. Our platforms are highly performant, deployed at scale, and set new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy!

The Ad Platforms Data Insights team is seeking a data scientist to join in developing the next generation of analytical solutions. Within this data centric team, you will drive the exploration, analysis, development, execution, and measurement of advanced analytical solutions. You will be responsible for turning the huge amounts of data generated by user searches, app content, and App Store context into business insights that improve the customer experience for the end-user, as well as drive discovery and productivity for app developers.

A successful candidate will have deep experience in applied methods (pattern mining, anomaly detection, text analytics, predictive modeling, classification, and optimization) and using those methods to drive key business insights. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms and creativity to invent and customize. Be ready to partner with a broad range of data professionals and business leaders within sales, marketing, finance, product, and Engineering.

Successful analytics teams involve a diverse group of data scientists and data engineers working hand in hand to build insightful and efficient solutions. In this role, expect to be a key team member of a multi-functional team that delivers insights that have a direct and measurable impact!
Key Qualifications
4+ years of recent data science and or analytics experience. Preferably experience in the digital advertising industry or related field.
Experience in a product analytics role is preferred.
Are you able to operate comfortably and effectively in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment?
Programming skills in Python and SQL, and comfortable with advanced analytics tools such as R, Spark, and Tableau.
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product.
Experience in advanced quantitative analysis including regression, classification, clustering, and time-series analyses.
Shown experience with end to end implementation of a model prototype specifically processing, feature engineering, and model outputs.
Comfortable working with modern data technologies. Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles.
Description
- Support Product Marketing, Partner Development, and the Executive Team with analytics for product performance and customer insights.
Empower the global Partner Development teams with insights to advise and fulfill their strategic objectives and goals for every fiscal quarter.
Work closely with the product team to identify and size new opportunities, develop data requirements, establish appropriate KPIs, and establish accurate reporting.
Quantify the impact of product, sales, and marketing initiatives on customer happiness, and future behavior.
Manage business analytic projects through all phases, including data quality, data modeling, algorithm/KPI development, statistical analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables.
Design and evaluate experiments that help define opportunities for increased usage, improved marketplace performance, and greater customer happiness.
Develop reusable models and assets working closely with Data Technology team to ensure scalability and industrialization as models move into production.
Education & Experience
Masters or Bachelors degree in a quantitative field of study including statistics, math, economics, operations research or a related discipline.
