Appen collects and labels images, text, speech, audio, video, and other data used to build and continuously improve the world’s most innovative artificial intelligence systems. Our expertise includes having a global crowd of over one million skilled contractors who speak over 180 languages and dialects, in over 70,000 locations and 130 countries, and the industry’s most advanced AI-assisted data annotation platform. Our reliable training data gives leaders in technology, automotive, financial services, retail, healthcare, and governments the confidence to deploy world-class AI products. Founded in 1996, Appen has customers and offices globally.
At Appen, we value performance, honesty, humility, and grit. We persevere and remain focused, whilst maintaining agility to achieve quality outcomes and exceed expectations. We’re truth tellers – respectfully of course. We take accountability for our actions, and believe in giving and receiving direct feedback. We give credit where credit is due, and show gratitude to others for their contributions. We seek diverse perspectives as we recognize the value in teamwork and collaboration. Through grit, we take ownership, and we don’t give up.
Principal Data Scientist-Search
Job Description
Artificial Intelligence is transforming the world in almost every industry. Everyone knows only good training data can produce the best machine learning solutions. However, creating training data with high quality in a scalable way is very challenging, and very few companies can do it. The whole AI world is starving for great training data. Appen is the market lead in training data generation field for more than 22 years. It generates all kinds of training data like content relevance, image & video, text & audio, as well as data capturing.
Appen Tech team is solving the AI data problem by combining the power of humans and technology. This world-class and exciting engineering position awaits a qualified candidate who will join Appen’s data science team.
We are seeking a senior research scientist with hands-on expertise in the recommendation and search ranking area. You will build crowd CRM systems to mine, engage, match, and recommend good crowd workers with most suitable data labelling jobs. You get the opportunity to work with our global tech team from Shanghai, Silicon Valley, and Sydney. It is a leading data company with a start-up culture. And we only want people who want to make a huge impact on the AI world instead of just a job!
Key Responsibilities
Provide complete crowd CRM solutions to mine, rank, and engage crowd workers for Appen’s data labeling projects;
Build search and recommendation systems to match high-quality crowd workers with most suitable projects;
Participate in cutting edge research in the recommendation system, search ranking, and crowd management areas.
Serve as subject matter expert and drive thought leadership in the areas of machine learning, recommendation, relevance ranking, and information retrieval areas.
Mentoring and coaching junior staff, driving internal operational excellence, and developing a career for junior data scientists.
Requirements
Master or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science or related areas is required for this position.
7+ years of industrial experience in recommendation systems, relevance ranking, and information retrieval areas.
Solid understanding of deep learning tech
Excellent communications skills, both verbal and written in English
Hands-on experience in developing backend services. Familiar with Java, Python, or other programming languages.
Have good track records of architecting and developing recommendation systems and search engine solutions in large scale industry setup.
Have extensive industry experience in the recommendation and search domain with the ability to validate ideas before implementation.
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
Please note that by applying to this role, you are agreeing to be considered for multiple positions. This is a general description of the qualifications and skills required for positions of this type of role.
