Job Description
Accounting Principals is hiring a Data Analyst for a six month project in San Jose, CA. As an Engineering Operations Data analyst you will collect, monitor and analyze data/ This includes financial Forecasts and budgets, contracts and purchasing.

Responsibilities:
Assess financial status by analyzing actual results in comparison with forecasts
Produce reports, which include key metric trends, financial results, and variance reporting to engineering leaders
Lead budgeting and forecasting processes for the engineering departments
Support engineering leaders with managing contracts and purchasing for equipment, services and contractors
Optimize contract management processes for the engineering departments
Assemble and summarize data on operational metrics such as cost of services, project accounting, and product quality
Develop data models, perform analysis, identify trends and risks, and recommend actions on operational metrics
Skills:
2+ years of relevant experience in corporate business or financial planning & analysis, or other related fields
Proficient in spreadsheets, data models and large datasets
Hands on experience with statistical analysis
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
Bachelor’s degree in business, economics, computer science or similar experience
Employment Type: Temporary, 40 hours per week
Company Description
Allow us to introduce ourselves, We're Accounting Principals--a leader in finance and accounting staffing. In fact, since 2010, we've been part of Adecco Group, a Global 500 company and leader in staffing services around the world. But this isn't staffing as usual. We take quite a different approach than most staffing agencies. A people-focused approach. We believe in forming real relationships with both our clients and our candidates. We want to understand the needs on both sides. It's not enough to match a resume to a job opening. We want to find the right balance between skills and requirements, career goals and business objectives, and personality and team culture. That way, everyone wins.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https://www.accountingprincipals.com/privacy-policy/
The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
