Posted: Sep 11, 2019
Role Number:
200101632
Do you have a passion for invention and self-challenge? Do you thrive on pushing the limits of what’s considered feasible? As part of our Battery Engineering group, you’ll help craft creative battery solutions that deliver more energy in smaller spaces than ever before. You’ll work across disciplines to transform improved hardware elements into a single, integrated design. Join us, and you’ll help us innovate new battery technologies that continually outperform the previous iterations. By collaborating with other product development groups across Apple, you’ll push the industry boundaries of what batteries can do and improve the product experience for our customers across the world. This position works for Battery/Cell Development team within HW Engineering to identify trends, mine data, and help battery team improve performance.
Key Qualifications
3-5 years as data scientist or analyst.
Battery Engineering experience desired.
Strong working knowledge of Minitab, JMP, Python, or Tableau necessary.
Solid competency in statistics and the ability to provide valuable analysis.
Working knowledge and experience with big data.
Self-starter with entrepreneurial experience and ability to interact with other functions in matrix environment.
Proven creativity to go beyond current tools to deliver the best solution to the problem.
Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles.
Description
- Provide insight to problem solving by using engineering skills and all available data. Our issues involve out of box quality, warranty and post warranty failures as well as ETL, stitching and mining up to 40 TB stitched data sets.
Analyze factory, user, and failure data and use engineering understanding mechanisms to resolve battery problems.
Understand end to end nature of Apple DB to organize proper sample size, proper key pull and minimize SQA issues with maximum efficiency
Design, implement, process and interpret data
Automate reporting where possible to make team more efficient Utilize advanced technologies, for modeling enhancements
Work with diverse teams including data scientists, engineers, product managers, and executives
Deliver high quality analytic insights from a very large scale data warehouse
Set up quality reporting system for sharing information
Provide ad-hoc reporting as necessary (sometimes urgent escalation)
Education & Experience
MS or Ph.D. in Battery Engineering, Data Mining, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research or related field. CSSBB, CQE desired.
