Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.WhatsApps mission is to connect the world privately." WhatsApp is a private, simple and reliable way to talk to anyone in the world. 2+ billion people in over 180 countries use WhatsApp to connect with friends and family. You will have the unique opportunity to be part of this incredible lean team thats making this magic happen.WhatsApp is seeking a Data Scientist with experience in differential privacy. In this role, you will partner with a cross functional team, including product, engineering, legal, marketing, etc. to drive privacy focused initiatives.

Responsibilities:

Drive strategic org-wide initiatives and serve as tech lead on critical projects on data privacy
Develop and articulate long term strategy around data privacy
Evolve our privacy practices by developing and adopting new technologies
Establish strong collaboration with a diverse cross functional team
Evangelizing best practices and latest technology on Data Privacy within the WhatsApp team and the entire facebook family
Mininum Qualifications:

Advanced degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science or other quantitative fields, or equivalent practical experience.
7+ years experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.
Experience in differential privacy.
Experience in Python, SQL or other programming languages.
Understanding of statistics (e.g., hypothesis testing, statistical inference, regressions, ML systems).
Experience communicating the results of analyses with product and leadership teams to influence the strategy of the product.
Preferred Qualifications:

Development experience in any scripting language (Python, R, etc.)
Experience in designing or implementing differential privacy in data systems
Outstanding communication skills
Experience to visualize data in a meaningful way to tell a story
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
