Data Engineer
If you are a Data Engineer with experience, please read on!

+ Biotech/Pharma/Life Science experience strongly preferred +

We are a life sciences company working on providing liquid biopsies, tests that look for key molecular signatures of disease in blood, and other patient samples, without the need to take a tissue sample. We want to develop tests that diagnose or screen patients before they show any symptoms. A huge goal that other academic groups and companies are also pursuing, with large clinical trials enrolling many thousands of patients already underway. We do it for a fraction of the cost. Our main focus is early disease detection because thats what we see as the biggest need in patient care. If you want to be part of a trailblazing company read on.
Top Reasons to Work with Us
+ We are well funded. Our series D back on December 19' was $55 million.
+ We are a team of industry-leading experts in our field!
+ Be part of a 2-year-old start-up that is growing exponentially over the next few years.
+ Competitive pay and full benefits package
What You Will Be Doing
- Design, develop, and maintain performance measure visualizations and reports using data visualization tools.
- Work with the Data Science team to understand the business needs to design an effective and dynamic visualization.
- Work the Product Management team to understand and gather the user experience data.
What You Need for this Position
3-5 years of experience in the following required:

- Python, Django, AWS, SQL
- Data Visualization tools such as Qlik Sense, Power BI, Tableau.
What's In It for You
Competitive Pay
Full Benefits Package
So, if you are a Data Engineer with experience, please apply today!

1. Apply directly to this job opening here!

Or

2. E-mail directly for more information to Marcus.Quigley@cybercoders.com
-
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
