Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.Payments Risk team is responsible for the integrity of 30+ payment products across Facebook's family of apps including IG, WA, etc. FB processes tens of billions of dollars annually for advertisers, partners, and users. Ads, Messenger Payments, Event Ticketing and Donations are just examples of products that utilize payments.Our team goal is to minimize financial losses in our payments system by detecting fraudulent actors before they get a chance to defraud us. We employ sophisticated machine learning models to catch fraud and manage risk at a large scale. As a result, you will get a chance to work with a team of ML engineers, and help them with their strategies and experimentations.This role will focus on 5 key areas:
Product Success Measurement: what loss shall we prioritize to mitigate vs. not? How much improvement are we able to make via product iterations and defense systems?
Verification/detection/enforcement: We aim to minimize financial losses in our payment systems, these are hard problems to solve, and youll be working closely with product, ML eng, etc., to create scalable solutions
New Product Iteration: What are some new products/features we can offer to payment product users to minimize process thrash and improve financials for both users and FB?
Work on agility and scalability of Payment Risk products: how transferable is our defense system to new product applications? Can we plug and play?
Coach/Tech lead other ICs on the team

You are a fit if you:
Enjoy catching fraudsters in an adversarial system.
Enjoy holistic thinking through tradeoffs and optimization.
Are energized by product iterations through pattern surfacing, hypothesis testing, and deep behavioral analytics.
Enjoy driving or influencing product roadmaps with your cross functional partnersTend to see/seize opportunities in complex or ambiguous areas.

Responsibilities:

Define problems and opportunities in a complex or ambiguous area
Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis and data presentation to see beyond the numbers
Monitor events through dashboards, detect anomalies, and conduct deep dive analysis on specific issues to understand root cause
Drive strategies and decision via analytics
Communicate to broad cross-functional teams the opportunities and provide actionable next steps
Partner closely with product, engineering, ops and other cross-functional teams to drive product direction and prioritize roadmap
Mininum Qualifications:

BS, MS or PhD Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Econometrics, or similar domain
5+ years of experience working in an analytics organization
Experience working independently and as a member of a cross-functional team
Experience in querying and manipulating large datasets for analysis
Python and SQL experience
Strategic thinking and can drive the direction of the team
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in Tech leading large project
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
