Requisition ID: 255369
Work Area: Software-Research
Expected Travel: 0 - 50%
Career Status: Professional
Employment Type: Regular Full Time
Career Level: T3
Posting Date : 6/10/2020

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.
SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

Purpose and Objective: SAP America, Inc. seeks a Senior Data Scientist at our office location in Palo Alto, CA to execute mathematical modeling of our customers’ business problems, develop algorithms, and applications to solve these problems, and help our customers directly to understand and implement the results of the analysis.

Expectations and Tasks: Work directly with industry experts and technology experts to translate our customers’ business needs into mathematical models and present and deliver a solution to the client. Support and provide expert advises to SAP’s sales team (Go-To-Market) to generate new customer business in the area of data science. Responsible to lead small project teams in the execution of our customer projects. Work and communicate as a part of a high-performance team in an international environment. 50% travel required.

Education and Qualifications/Skills and Competencies: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or related field of study and 6 years of experience required. The company will also accept a Master's degree and 4 years of experience.

Work Experience: Experience must involve 4 years in the following: Foundation topics in Linear Algebra, Probability & Statistics, Multivariate Calculus; programming with SQL, Python, R; working with big data preferably in a productive project. Experience must also involve: supervised and unsupervised Machine Learning algorithms and deep learning frameworks; Data Visualization; data wrangling, developing pipelines for Machine Learning and data preparation activities for developing a Machine Learning application; and Distributed Application development. 50% travel required.

Travel: 50% travel required.

Internal use only: reference code lhrs4262

EX:OUT

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team (Americas: Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Additional Locations :
