Clinical Data Scientist

Salary:
Highly Competitive Salary


Job type:

Permanent


Discipline:

Clinical Scientist


Location:

United States

Redwood City, USA

Posting date: 01 May 2020

Reference:
CR.CN.29315

Apply for this job

Shortlist

Proclinical is currently recruiting for a Clinical Data Scientist with a biopharmaceutical company located in Redwood City, CA. A successful candidate will have at least a Bachelor's degree, a background in Data Science, and experience with documentation management and/or TMF/eTMF (Trial File Master).

Job Responsibilities:
Collaborate with Development Business Operations leadership, Development Business Operations functional groups, clinical operations teams, and functional areas outside of Development Business Operations to ensure compliance with policies, procedures, and the practices of company records management/TMF archival initiative
Work with management in the development, implementation and maintenance of classification and filing systems to meet administrative, research, regulatory, legal, and financial requirements
Data mining/modeling (e.g. statistical models) and enhancing data collection procedures to identify patterns and extract knowledge from large data sets
Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis
Ensure record filing is kept up to date is performed accurately
Participate in the development, implementation and maintenance of internal systems and processes used to manage collections of agreements and filing of documents
Track and maintain departmental metrics related to operational activities, progress of contract filing and archive, quality measurements and other variables. Develops appropriate tool sets for capturing metrics and generating reports.
Skills and Requirements:
3-5 plus years of relevant experience
BA/BS required
3+ years of data science experience with common data science toolkits and data visualization tools
Good scripting/programming skill and applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. preferred
Expert in Microsoft programs including, but not limited to, SQL, MSWord, PowerPoint, Visio, Access, and Excel
Experience as Clinical Research Associate (CRA) or relevant records management/ TMF management experience equivalent experience preferred
Exemplary interpersonal skills with proven demonstration
Knowledge of FDA and other global clinical trial regulations, as well as detailed knowledge of ICH and GCP guidelines related to Clinical Document Management
To Apply:

Please click on the Apply button. Please include a short note outlining why you are interested in the role and why you think you are suitable.

In case you have difficulty in applying or if you have any questions, please contact Catherine Nguyen at 215-531-5643 or upload your resume on our website - www.proclinical.com.

A full job description is available on request.

ProClinical is a specialist employment agency and recruitment business, providing job opportunities within major pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical device companies.

Proclinical Staffing is an equal opportunity employer.

#LI-CN1

#ClinicalResearch
