Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

At PayPal, we’re literally reinventing how the world pays and gets paid. We understand that it’s about people. We connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control PayPal enables. Are you ready to help us change the world?

The world’s leading payments company, PayPal, brings together a family of brands that are revolutionizing the way people move money. At PayPal you will be immersed in an amazing community with a vibrant culture that thrives on innovation, collaboration, inclusion and wellness.

As a Data Scientists in PayPal’s Global Data Science organization, you will have an impact on PayPal’s marketing and product all around the world. Our data scientists work to better understand our end-users, identify opportunities and improve our products and marketing outreach by creating personal and smart experiences. Making use of PayPal’s endless amount of data, you will leverage your data and machine learning skills for research and delivery of end-to-end Data Science solutions.
If you are an experienced Data Scientist with sharp analytical skills and a passion for deriving new insights from unimaginable amounts of data, solving unique challenges, leveraging machine learning algorithms, and working in a highly collaborative, values-driven environment – then PayPal’s Global Data Sciences (GDS) is looking for you.

Job Description:

In your role you will Collaborate with other data scientists, product managers and engineers to formulate innovative ideas, and test / implement through advanced data science technique

You will interact with cross functional teams to:
Design, develop and implement data-driven strategies and machine learning models for card auth optimization and conversion improvement
Create innovative features and data for payment strategies and models, align with stakeholders and implement these capabilities
Analyze and monitor data science solutions, and communicate analysis results and complex concepts to conclude actionable insights
Job Requirements:
Professional industry experience in a quantitative analysis role (2+ years preferred), with advanced degree (Masters or PhD.) in Math, Statistics, Operations Research, or Computer Science
Proficiency in languages used for querying (e.g. SQL/Hive/Pig/Spark), preprocessing (e.g. Unix/Python), and statistical analysis (e.g. Python/R)
Experience with machine learning algorithms and statistical methods
Strong verbal and written communication skills to express data science concepts and solutions to product managers, data scientists, business partners of varying technical levels, and influence and negotiate to reach alignment on how to execute strategies and improve models.
Team worker, responsible, delivery-oriented
Knowledge about card issuers and card payment processing is a strong plus
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
