Sartorius Stedim Data Analytics, a market leader in advanced analytics and provider of Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions, is on a strong growth path driving new innovative solutions in the field. It currently has an outstanding opportunity for a Senior Data Scientist to drive customer applications, support the Sartorius sales teams and feedback customer needs into the development of new solutions. The incumbent for this key role will have a strong customer focus to help secure innovation and growth from both new and existing customers.

What you can look forward to
Assisting customers in solving business related problems using advanced data analysis and data driven technologies
Supporting implementation of advanced analytics in industry
Analyzing large amounts of data and building data driven models
Initiating, leading and driving customer projects
Training customers on the use of our software
Supporting sales (pre/post)
Supporting marketing & development
Performing regular follow up with customers to track satisfaction, secure project momentum and discover additional opportunities
Creating technical documents
Attending and presenting at conferences, seminars and forums
Developing & cultivating strong relationships with external and internal stakeholders
Being part of a team of data scientists
Skills and experience
Minimum a master’s degree in a relevant field (engineering, life sciences, informatics, automation/control, etc.), Ph.D. preferred
Minimum five years’ work experience within Biopharma or Pharma
Minimum five years’ working knowledge of applied statistics including MVDA, DOE, MSPC, PAT, QbD, Model Predictive Control (MPC), MMPC, AI/Machine learning
Strong bioprocess knowledge preferred
Familiarity with Umetrics Suite of Data Analytics Solutions preferred (MODDE, SIMCA, SIMCA-online, Control Advisor, Active Dashboard)
Working knowledge of prescriptive analytics preferred
Working knowledge of Python scripting preferred
Working knowledge of MATLAB, data historians and control strategies a plus
Teaching, consulting and project management experience preferred
Excellent communications skills, strong presentation skills
Comfortable working independently
Comfortable working from home office, willingness to travel (~25%)
Strong identification with Sartorius core values: sustainability, openness, enjoyment
Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organization suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognized for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. We are also an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans.

Please view equal employment opportunity posters provided by OFCCP here

https://e-verify.uscis.gov/esp/media/resourcesContents/EverifyPosterEnglish.pdf

https://e-verify.uscis.gov/esp/media/resourcesContents/EverifyPosterSpanish.pdf

https://e-verify.uscis.gov/esp/media/resourcesContents/WebBPPOSTERRtoWEnglishversion.pdf

https://e-verify.uscis.gov/esp/media/resourcesContents/WebBPPOSTERRtoWSpanishversion.pdf

Interested? Driving our future growth requires talented people. Sartorius is a dynamic organisation suited to people who want to showcase skills, be recognised for expertise and thrive in a vibrant and innovative environment.

To find out more about Sartorius as an employer visit us on Sartorius Careers

Become part of our global team.
