PETADATA is looking for a Data Analyst to work with one of our Clients in San Joes, CA. Experience 7-10 Years of Education Work Authorization Those authorized to work in the United states are encouraged to apply.We are able to sponsor H1-B at this time. Job Description As a Data Analyst in the Commerce product management team, you responsible for leading this data-driven movement to change the way we operate radically. You need to be able to rise above the numbers and focus on the most important questions and insights. You enjoy finding relationships among disparate data and generate absolute clarity out of a muddied data environment. You are highly proficient in statistical methods, well-versed in visualization techniques, building dashboards, and feel at ease with a cloud-based big data environment. While you rely on data to prove your point, you also love to solve problems creatively. You thrive operating in an ambiguous environment, and you are excited by the challenge of unveiling new insights. To be successful, you regularly ask essential questions, remove noise in the data, always learning and fine-tuning your analysesdashboards, and seek opportunities to share knowledge with others. If you fit the description, join us on this exciting journey! Responsibilities Acquire data from primary or secondary sources, and maintain databases and dashboards to unlock operational and exploratory analyses Dig in deep to analyze root causes to unusual trends, dips, and spikes for all Commerce metrics Summarize your findings in an accurate, concise, easy-to-understand manner Handle the detail execution of data gathering, dashboard implementation, and bug fixing Foster a culture of having easy access to data and autonomy in obtaining answers by implementing tools that help others Maintain existing data visualizations, data pipelines, and dashboards Requirements Proven track record as a high-performing data analyst, and can thrive in a fast-paced environment Comfortable working with proxy data, incomplete data, normalizing and joining datasets from different sources Well verse with databases (MySQL, SQL Server, Hadoop) and adept with modern Business Intelligence and Visualization tools (Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, Amazon QuickSight) Familiar with web analytics technologies and techniques (Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, digital pixel tracking, site tagging, etc.) Strong analytical abilities Collect, prioritize, analyze, and disseminate critical information with attention to detail and accuracy Excellent communication skills with expertise in data visualizations, trend analysis, forecasts, statistical testing and data-storytelling Collaborate with others to understand, identify and translate business challenges into data projects Bachelors and Masters degree specializing in Statistics or Data Science. If you are interested and meet the above job requirements, please submit your resume. After carefully reviewing your experience and skills, one of our Hiring team members will contact you on the next steps.
