At Roche Sequencing Solutions, we are driven to transform healthcare with next-generation sequencing (NGS) technologies and applications.

We are seeking a self-motivated Principal Data Scientist, Bioinformatics to join our Nanopore Sequencer Data Science group, where we collaborate with experimentalists and algorithm developers to build the Roche single-molecule DNA sequencer. If you enjoy working in cross-functional teams, applying data analysis skills to develop creative solutions, and driving bioinformatics deliverables for product development, we want to hear from you!

Responsibilities:
Collaborate with scientists and other engineering groups, understand their data-science and bioinformatics requirement and propose solutions and lead them to completion.
Help design, analyze, and interpret single-molecule sequencing experiments using custom and standard analysis tools.
Develop and improve algorithms for next-generation sequencing based diagnostics products. Develop and modify analyses that depend on standard next-generation sequencing analysis tools.
Write clean, maintainable, documented code using best engineering practices in the industry (design patterns, TDD, peer review, CI, automated testing etc.).
Prepare documentation and participate in design reviews.
Define in-depth statistical error profiles and their impact on secondary and tertiary analysis.
Document analysis procedures and results and present findings in meetings.
Utilize knowledge of bioinformatics, including machine learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization to help analyze and develop sequencing technology.
Requirements:
PhD in Bioinformatics, Biostatistics, Computation Biology, Computer Science or related technical/scientific field with a minimum of 2 years of direct related professional experience.
Experience in the use of high-level programming languages such as Python (preferred), Java and R for complex data analysis.
Experience with data visualization and report generation.
Experience with next generation sequencing a plus.
Roche is an equal opportunity employer.

Research & Development, Research & Development > Modelling & Simulation
