????????????????????????Hi Folks ,

Greetings from Logic Planet,

We are pleased t introduce you Logic Planet as a leading recruitment and staffing company,

Regarding I have an exciting new opportunity???s that I wanted to share with you and your network. Our top client, located San Jose, CA is currently seekingData Analyst Joins their organization. I have included a complete job description below in case you or someone you know might be interested in learning more


Job Title: Data Analyst
Location: San Jose, CA 95101
Work Authorizations: Authorized to Work, Citizen, Green Card, H4-EAD,
Position Type: Full Time
No: of Positions: 1
Duration: 6 + months

Job Description:

??? Define, measure and track key metrics to guide execution across multiple teams in the org
??? Build dashboards and reports for teams and business leaders and stakeholders to promote transparency and enable smart decisions
??? Build qualitative and quantitative models to deepen understanding of platform operational performance, and predict potential delivery risks
??? Leverage analytics to drive process improvement
??? Communicate in clear and concise manner for actionable changes focused on improving velocity, predictability, and efficiency

Qualifications :

??? 7+ years' experience in data analysis within tech industry

??? Technical expertise in data modeling, system and data base design development, and data mining techniques

??? Proficient in writing SQL queries on SQL Server, MySQL , Oracle.

??? Strong experience working on Business Intelligence tools: Power BI is a MUST, Tableau desired.

??? Need to have experience in creating calculated measures and columns with DAX in Power BI Desktop. (Aggregate, Date, Logical, String, Level of Detail etc)

??? Expert in setting up the necessary connection details and scheduling reports on Power BI Report Server, providing row level security, creating bookmarks etc.
??? Strong knowledge of programming/scripting language highly desirable
??? Strong analytical skills and detail oriented: ability to get to the root cause of problems and devise an analytical approach to reach actionable answers

Regards,

Vinay

Logic Planet Inc
4525 Route 27,Princeton, NJ 08540

Ph: 732 512 0009 Ext: 134 Direct : 609 256 4342
Email: vinay@logicplanet.com | www.logicplanet.com

Certified Minority Women Based Enterprise

18 years in IT. 300 employees. $30M in revenues
