Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.The massive scale and heavy engagement of the people using our products make the Facebook platform an ideal place for marketers to build their brands. It also makes the platform an ideal place to conduct analyses and research to learn how to improve marketing in the new mobile world. The successful candidate will focus on investigating and understanding the current best practices for advertising on Facebook as well as inventing new strategies. The team is both theoretical and practical as we work with product engineers and with our top tier advertisers to build our understanding and to test ideas.

The ideal candidate for this data science focused position will be passionate about Facebook and Instagram, and have a proven track record of analyzing and deriving insights from data. They would be intellectually curious, a great communicator, data-driven, a fast learner and able to move fast while keeping focused on high impact projects. Applicants should have a strong quantitative understanding, a strong data a talent for taking complex concepts and distilling them into clear accessible learnings.

Responsibilities:

Apply analytical skills to complex quantitative problems, presenting actionable insights to key stakeholders
Develop deep understanding of the Auction, analyze current performance by targeting and objectives
Identify levers for improving overall results across Facebook's ads auction
Drive learnings on campaign optimization
Recommend product or positioning changes based on robust analysis of user and advertiser behavior
Research applied machine learning questions in our ads system to improve advertiser value
Mininum Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in an analytical field (such as Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Economics, or Finance)
Experience driving action based on data-driven insights
Experience communicating concepts to all audiences
Experience operating independently and delivering results
Experience with SQL and development experience in a scripting language such as R or Python
Experience working with machine learning algorithms
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with experimental design and understanding of statistical data analysis (e.g. regression, probability)
Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
Advanced degree in analytical field
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
