Jobs at Instagram



Data Scientist Manager, Instagram Well-being


Menlo Park, California, US

Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.

The Instagram Well-being organization is working on ensuring that Instagram is a positive force in people’s lives. It is the most important job we have over the next few years at Instagram. We want to make sure that people feel safe and supported when connecting with the people and things they love, and that people feel the freedom to express themselves on the platform. A core part of delivering on that, is making sure that people are safe from harm when they use Instagram, feel supported by Instagram when they need it, and are enabled to support each other and their communities. To do this, we build large-scale complex systems, state-of-the-art Machine Learning, and operate an infrastructure to enable detection, classification, and remediation of content, behaviors, and bad actors that contribute to bad experiences for our community. At the heart of the Instagram Well-being organization is the data science team whose empirical studies and rigorous analyses shape the direction of Well-being product development, striving to protect Instagram users and their data and enables seamless development of safe and supportive products.

We are looking for a Data Scientist Manager, Instagram Well-being to oversee one of our most challenging and critical sub areas of the Well-Being organization, the Support sub-pillar. The Support teams are tasked with a wide range of challenges from promoting charitable giving to setting social norms that limit bullying or mitigate body image insecurities. We are looking for strong problem solvers who also have experience building organizations. You will work in close partnership with a top-notch group of researchers and data scientists across FB Inc. to translate user research and expert insights into data-driven product strategies. You will enjoy working with one of the richest data sets in the world, cutting-edge technology, and the ability to see your strategic thinking and ideas turned into real products on a regular basis. You should be flexible and comfortable working in a cross-functional capacity within a fast-paced, multi-disciplinary environment.

Responsibilities
Develop product strategy and provide team leadership for Well-being in partnership with disciplines including product management, engineering, design, research and policy.
Identify high-impact analytical problems and find innovative ways to tackle these problems via data analysis, experimentation, and statistical modeling.
Size opportunities to ensure product teams are prioritizing the most impactful work.
Ensure product strategy has actionable measurement plans by owning goal metrics and evaluating product team performance.
Execute on high priority learning initiatives and measurement strategies for Well-being, Instagram, and Facebook.
Establish strong trusted relationships with the data science and product communities of Instagram and Facebook.
Lead cross-functional and cross-team relationship building and collaboration with product, user research and engineering teams.
Minimum Qualifications
6+ years of experience with quantitative analysis
6+ years of experience with people management
5+ years of experience in an analytical role in a technology company, consulting, investment banking, or product management
5+ years experience with SQL or other programming languages
Experience initiating and driving projects to completion with minimal guidance
Experience communicating the results of analysis
Preferred Qualifications
Ph.D. in a behavioral science discipline (economics, psychology, neuroscience, etc.)
Understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages, such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc.
Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)
Apply

Instagram is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Instagram is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
