Jobs Itility-US

Data Engineer

Working in teams (consisting of Hadoop data engineers, Hadoop data warehouse engineers, and platform engineers) that are building and managing Hadoop stacks. The teams install, configure and manage Hadoop ecosystem components.

As Hadoop data engineer, you are responsible for the functional part of provisioning data – e.g. building data ingestion pipelines and data connectors. You work closely with the data scientists and business intelligence engineers who are using this data to create analytical models.

After taking inventory of an application, all found servers, storage, network and database configurations will be transferred to the new data center. To efficiently execute this migration, we use a strict step-by-step plan, as one might find in a factory.

We need your expertise


You are well acquainted with the complete Hadoop stack. In addition, you have practical experience of being part of a DevOps team. Further requirements:
Bachelor of Science / master’s degree in Computer Science, System Administration, or any other IT infrastructure or software related study with a passion for the automation side of IT infrastructure
Minimum two to three years of relevant work experience
Capable of building/operating highly available, distributed systems of data extraction, ingestion, and processing of large data sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
Experience in building data products incrementally and integrating and managing data sets from multiple sources
Data quality oriented
Familiar with data architecture including data ingestion pipeline design, Hadoop information architecture
Hortonworks Certified Hadoop Developer and/or Cloudera Certified Hadoop Developer and/or Certified Hadoop Administrator
Knowledge of continuous integration & delivery tooling: e.g. Jira, Git, Jenkins, Bamboo
Coding proficiency in at least one modern programming language (Python, Ruby, Java)
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Good documenting capabilities
You have a hands-on mindset, a strong customer focus, a problem-solving orientation and can show fast results
You have a clear focus on results and quality.
Willingness to travel to the Netherlands if required for training or project work
Bachelor of Science / master’s degree
Minimum 3-5 years of relevant work experience within an enterprise environment
Advanced knowledge of RHEL 6 & 7
Advanced knowledge of VMWare 5 & 6; VCAP5-DCD, VCDX5-DCV preferred
Experience with Cisco UCS manager and NetApp FAS / ScaleIO storage solutions
Experience with databases (MSSQL, Oracle) preferred
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Good documenting capabilities
Willingness to travel to the Netherlands if required for training or project work

Meet Itility


At Itility we believe in merging technology and data to drive our customers one step beyond. Itility digital consultants are experts in data, cloud, software, and IT infrastructure.

Our culture can be described as ‘no-nonsense, with passion’. Working at Itility is about working with people, staying close to our customers.

We work for large enterprises and innovative startups. Acting as the ‘digital twin’ of customers, we work shoulder-to-shoulder to exceed business goals and push the boundaries of what you thought was possible.

Do you like to go above and beyond? Do you want to work with passion for what you do, in a team of people fueled by the same passion?

Then we would love to meet you!

You believe in
Build efficient and highly reliable data ingestion pipelines for the Hadoop stack
Own data quality and data knowledge around all data that you touch
Work side-by-side with software engineers and data scientists in designing modeled data sets to be used in many different applications, from proof-of-concept to production
Understand the entire life cycle of data that flows through any systems for which you are responsible
Pay constant attention and effort to the reliability of your pipelines
Reports to the Itility project manager, working in close harmony with team members and interfacing with the standing IT organization.

Location


San Jose, CA.


Contact person


Apply now

Share:


Share on linkedin

Share on twitter

Share on facebook

Share on whatsapp

Share on email
