, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200175549
Help us make Siri smarter! We're seeking software engineers and architects to work on improving data workflows for Siri's open domain query understanding. As an expert in developing software to manage large, dynamic data sets, you'll be building platform for data ingestion, cleaning, transformation and evaluation to support a rapidly scaling organization.
Key Qualifications
Key Qualifications
5 years of experience as a Software Engineer
Excellent programming skills — e.g. Python, Go, Java
Excellent problem-solving and analytic skills
Solid computer science and systems foundations; ability to quickly learn new domains
Proven system development skills in UNIX-type OS (e.g. Linux, Mac OS)
Experience working with large data sets and pipelines, ideally using the Apache software stack (e.g. Spark, HBase)
Experience with continuous integration and continuous development solutions (e.g. Jenkins, etc.)
Experience with cloud-native deployment (e.g. Kubernetes)
Good communication skills and teamwork
Passion for building great products
Curiosity and desire to learn

Description
Apple is hiring a senior data platform engineer for Siri's Knowledge team.

You'll be working at the frontier of AI, crunching massive amounts of data for Siri's knowledge base. In a fast-paced, continuously-integrated environment, you'll design and implement robust, scalable systems capable of processing an ever-growing data set while keeping latency low and quality high. You'll work closely with knowledge extraction engineers to integrate new data, and with engineers from across Siri to deliver data for customer-facing services. Your responsibilities will also include developing tools and tests to ensure quality and help diagnose issues.

Education & Experience
BS or MS in Computer Science or a related field

Additional Requirements
The following experience is nice to have, but not required:
Data modeling
Experience working with search engines
Machine learning
Natural-language processing
