Posted: Jul 8, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200177502
Play a part in building the next revolution of machine learning technology. Build groundbreaking technology that will change the way we create machine learning solutions at Apple. The Machine Intelligence team is looking for passionate engineers to develop the next generation of machine learning introspection technologies focused on improving and understanding the behavior of deep learning, computer vision and natural language processing models. As a member of the Machine Intelligence team, you will work on some of the most challenging technical problems, collaborate with world-class machine learning engineers and researchers, develop new ML solutions that will impact future Apple products, and collaborate with the best product teams to integrate your ideas into products.
Key Qualifications
Excellent programming skills in Python.
Understanding of data structures, software design principles and algorithms.
Hands-on experience working with deep learning toolkits such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, or Keras.
Design and deployment of real-world machine learning solutions preferred.
Excellent spoken and written communication skills
Ability to understand and implement machine learning research papers.
Description
You will take part in building innovative ML strategies to solve challenging problems that will affect Apple products. Collaborate with broader teams across Apple to transfer ML solutions and provide technical mentorship. Prepare technical reports for publication and do a lot of public speaking. Use your strong programming skills to craft, prototype, and deliver advanced machine learning solutions. You should be passionate about building extraordinary products and be inspired by a fast-paced environment, to execute on the required tasks, meet production deadlines and, at the same time, work with researchers to explore new innovative ideas in machine learning that can improve and transform the product experience of Apple customers. The role is critical to deliver ML technologies aligned with the core values of Apple, ensuring the highest standards of quality, scientific rigor, innovation and respect for privacy.
Education & Experience
Masters degree (or equivalent industrial experience) in Computer Science or related field.
