The Company

Tailored Brands is a leading specialty
retailer of mens clothing, and the largest mens formalwear provider in the
United States and Canada. The Companys retail stores operate under the Mens
Wearhouse, Mens Wearhouse and Tux, Jos. A. Bank, Moores, and K&G brand
names. The Company operates over 1,400 stores, eCommerce businesses with over
40M annual visits, and generates approximately $3B in omnichannel revenue.

The Company has made a board-level commitment
to leveraging data for decision-making across the company. Tailored Brands
Strategy & Analytics group is led by an executive committee member and is
tasked with ensuring the Company takes an insights-led, analytical approach to
its strategy for profitable growth.

The Role


The Senior Data Scientist, Pricing will be
based in Fremont, CA and report to our Senior Director of Merchandise Planning
& Allocation Analytics. This role will be responsible for all analytics and
data science required to optimize our pricing and promotions strategies using
advanced data science tools and techniques.



Key Accountabilities:
Partner with our
Pricing & Promotions team to identify areas of leverage and ensure insights
are translated into actions and results.
Measure product
performance during internal/external promotional events to assess the
elasticity of demand across the product portfolio.
Build in-house
price recommendation solutions that optimize revenue, profit and
sell-though in order to drive shareholder value.
Research and
implement modern data science techniques to solve pricing and promotions problems
in a scalable and robust manner.
Partner with our
data engineering team to seamlessly integrate analytical solutions into
business tools and processes.
Skills, Abilities, Experience & Qualifications:
PhD preferred (minimum BS plus 4 years' experience), in applied mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, ecology, or closely related field with formal training in statistics and experimental design, with demonstrable track record of peer-reviewed publications.
Experience with machine learning and statistical concepts, packages and libraries.
Skilled in data visualization, statistical analysis and process automation
Proficient in SQL and relational database experience
Proficient in Python and R
Work Locations: 02098A Corporate Office 6100 Stevenson Blvd Fremont 94538-2453
Job: Strategy & Analytics
Organization: Tailored Shared Services
Shift: Day Job
