Posted: May 21, 2020
Role Number:
200133136
The Apple Media Products Engineering team is one of the most exciting examples of Apple’s long-held passion for combining art and technology. These are the people who power the App Store, Apple TV, Apple Music, Apple Podcasts, and Apple Books. And they do it on a substantial scale, meeting Apple’s high expectations with high performance to deliver a huge variety of entertainment in over 35 languages to more than 150 countries.

These engineers build secure, end-to-end solutions. They develop the custom software used to process all the creative work, the tools that providers use to deliver that media, all the server-side systems, and the APIs for many Apple services.

Thanks to Apple’s unique integration of hardware, software, and services, engineers here partner to get behind a single unified vision. That vision always includes a deep commitment to strengthening Apple’s privacy policy, one of Apple’s core values. Although services are a bigger part of Apple’s business than ever before, these teams remain small, forward-thinking, and multi-functional, offering greater exposure to the array of opportunities here.

Are you passionate about analyzing data patterns for large scale search engines? As part of AMP, you will be a product specialist and analyze of a diverse portfolio of Apple Media Product human evaluations tasks. The team represents the user’s perspective as they vet new features being introduced to AMP. Your day-to-day responsibilities will include analyzing and creating innovative ideas to help improve AMP search and recommendations features, and reporting systematic issues to leadership, engineering, and product teams.
Key Qualifications
At least 5 years industry experience
Deep understanding of the software development for machine-learned products and services, and how analytics and human evaluation data can help improve those products
Self-sufficient in analyzing and drawing conclusions about the quality and product opportunity from raw and refined product data
Good product sense, with the ability to translate between product goals, business goals and technical requirements for data analytics
Self-motivated and proactive, with demonstrated creative and critical thinking capabilities
Outstanding communication and presentation skills, written and verbal, to all levels of an organization
Innate capability to, directly and indirectly, influence large teams for success
Excellent applied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, experimental design, sample size determination and non-parametric statistics
Experience with big data systems and distributed computing, such as Hadoop
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, pandas, dplyr, NumPy, etc
Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGplot, etc
Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive and SparkSQL
Experience with programming languages such as Scala, Spark or Python
Description
Lead the product vision and project execution for all data infrastructure, analytics, and offline evaluation for an AMP product line (App Store, Music, Books, etc.)
Champion an industry-leading privacy-focused strategy for product measurement, human evaluation, and analytics.
Own and evangelize best practices for product analysis, measurement, and instrumentation. Lead human evaluation design and management exercises.
Evaluate and improve the quality of KPIs for key products by analyzing customer pain points. Empower others to understand and leverage data for decision making.
Ensure the measurement of new features are designed and instrumented in every release cycle. Productize dashboards that help product teams to improve Search & Recommendations every day.
Work with leadership to build a strategy that allows us to leverage our data to create automatic feedback loops that improve the AMP products.
Keep teams focused on the right priorities to meet aggressive deadlines; clearly, communicate project progress to leads and executive team.
Education & Experience
Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math or related discipline. PhD preferred.
