Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

The Data Engineer will be based out of PayPal San Jose office and will support in the development and execution of strategic transformation programs & initiatives, strategic engineering architecture design, development. Ideal candidate is a technologist who believes that use of technology is in its infancy and the best is yet to come. The nature of role is strategic, analytical and highly collaborative, working with team members across the World and as a liaison for Global projects.

Job Description:

Responsibilities:
Build scalable systems, lead technical discussions, participate in code reviews, guide the team in engineering best practices. Must be able to write quality code and build secure, highly available systems. 75% of the job requires production quality coding.
Provide technical insights and contribute to the definition, development, integration, test, documentation, and support across multiple platforms
Highly detailed with a systematic approach, sense of responsibility and strong, positive customer focus. Must be results focused and highly energetic to drive the defined team and organizational goals
Establish a consistent, project management framework and development processes to deliver high quality software, in rapid iterations, for business partners in multiple geographies
Work in a team that designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.
Must have demonstrably strong interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal), to include speaking clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations
Eat, sleep, and breathe services. Experienced in balancing production platform stability, feature delivery, and retirement of technical debt across a broad landscape of technologies
Qualifications:
Undergraduate degree in Computer Engineering or equivalent from a leading university and preferably with a Masters or MBA
8+ years of post-college working experience as a developer and architect in Engineering, or Data analytics organization
4+ years of Hadoop experience is required
4+ years of strong SQL / ETL working experience is required
4+ years of SPARK/HIVE experience is required
2+ years of Linux/Unix/Python coding experience (including scripting) is required
Strong conceptual and creative problem-solving skills; ability to work with considerable ambiguity; ability to learn new and complex concepts quickly. Relentlessly resourceful and scrappy
A great communicator, strong project management skills, and superb attention to details
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
