The International Business Technology Team is responsible for expanding DiDi's global footprint and establishing DiDi's global presence. This effort will leverage existing application and service infrastructure to build DiDi's overseas products. Our team will be the vanguard of DiDi's international expansion initiative. Here you will work to elevate the experiences of our global customers, improve DiDi's operational efficiency and build the products that will continue to change the global transportation landscape.

Responsibilities
Perform data preparation activities, such as collecting, cleaning, and organizing. Work with appropriate parties to resolve or remediate data quality issues.
Produce clear, understandable visualizations, dashboard and reports to share with Senior Management and business partners, provide the insightful story from the data perspective to business owners.
Establish data modeling frameworks for addressing the growth opportunity and lifting the experience of the customers across the ecosystem.
Deep dive into cases through data and ad hoc analyses, recover the ground truth of the customer behavior, preference and paint points to boost the customer engagement.
Communicate Results on a regular basis to stakeholders around the world, including executive leadership
Qualifications
Master degree (Ph.D. is a plus) in Data Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering or a similar quantitative field, or equivalent practical experience.
Strong data modeling skillset, hands on mastery of data manipulation and experience with data analytics tools (SQL, R, Python, Hive, Spark, etc.) and data visualization tools (Tableau, Splunk, etc.)
Business driven thinking with insightful data interpretation, experience working in payment industry or growth team is desired but not mandatory
Creative problem solving and critical thinking skills
Effective verbal and written communication in English.
Ability to collaborate well on a geo-distributed and diversity team
About the company:

DiDi Chuxing ("DiDi") is the world's leading mobile transportation platform. The company offers a full range of app-based transportation options for 550 million users, including Taxi, Express, Premier, Luxe, Bus, Minibus, Designated Driving, Enterprise Solutions, Bike Sharing, E-bike Sharing, Car Sharing, and food delivery. Daily rides have reached 30 million, allowing more than 31 million drivers on the DiDi platform to find flexible work and economic opportunities.

In 2017 we opened DiDi Labs, our first overseas research center, in Mountain View, California to not only be on the forefront of the most cutting-edge research and development in AI-based security and intelligent driving technologies, but also serve as the headquarters of DiDi's international expansion. DiDi Labs offers the visibility and flexibility of a startup, with the stability of a mature company. We welcome people from all backgrounds who have the skills, passion and drive to join us in transforming the global transportation industry.
