, 2020
Role Number:
200173371
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Internet Software and Services is responsible for delivering cutting edge Internet applications like the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music and iCloud that are used by hundreds of millions of users every day across the globe. Our team protects Apple services and customers from abuse through a combination of threat modeling, data analysis, and machine learning.

We are seeking a machine learning engineer with a drive to turn the huge amounts of data generated by these applications into feature improvements that enhance customer experience. A successful candidate will have a bent for applied research with expertise in anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. Successful candidates will take pride in designing, developing, and deploying algorithms that have direct impact on services that Apple provides to customers. The role requires broad knowledge of machine learning and the software engineering expertise to develop and deploy highly scalable algorithms.

We encourage engineers to stay abreast of machine learning research by attending conferences. We foster a collaborative work environment, but allow solution autonomy on projects.

Key Qualifications
Strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms, and anomaly detection
Strong programming skills in Scala, Java, Python, or similar language
Working knowledge of SQL, Spark, or Hive preferred
Excellent social, written, and verbal communication skills
Confidence working independently and making key decisions on projects
Industry experience preferred but exceptional fresh graduates may also apply

Description
We are responsible for tackling account trust, safety and abuse problems across Apple’s Internet Software and Services. You will work hand-in-hand with other engineers, program managers and business partners to understand problems, define solutions, execute plans, measure and communicate results on a regular basis.

Education & Experience
Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience.

Additional Requirements
