Description: Its a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nations premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, were pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, youll be at the center of it all.

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

This position lies within the Attain team. Attain attainbyaetna.com is an app developed by Aetna in collaboration with Apple that leverages the Apple Watch sensor data and Aetna's medical claims data in order to create personalized health recommendations for our members. Attain relies on a powerful rewards mechanism to incentivize our members to stay active and complete key healthy actions like getting a flu shot and adhering to medications.

70445

Fundamental Components:
Provides strategic leadership for the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. Acts as the analytic team lead for highly complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.
Leads development and execution of new and/or highly complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes.
Establishes analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Manages highly complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing.
Applies in-depth knowledge of systems and products to consult and advise on additional efforts across organization/enterprise.
Motivates team members and probes into technical details, and mentors others to do the same.
Provides thought leadership and direction for analytic solutions, tools and studies. Anticipates and solves strategic and high risk business problems with broad impact on the business area by applying leading-edge theories and techniques to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions.
Provides guidance to develop enterprise-wide analytics strategy and roadmap. Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information/solutions related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology/ business solutions.
Background Experience:
Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.Superior skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment.
Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.Expertise in innovating and implementing novel machine learning techniques.
Comprehensive knowledge on health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products.
Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling.Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.
10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Economics, Physics, Engineering, or related discipline.Masters degree or PhD preferred.
Potential Telework Position: No Percent of Travel Required: 0 - 10% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-DT1
