What is Bigfoot Biomedical?
Bigfoot believes people living with insulin-requiring diabetes deserve relief from its daily burden. We envision a world where the emotional, mental, physical, and financial burden of diabetes has been significantly reduced. We are passionately dedicated to delivering simpler, safer, and more effective solutions for life with insulin.
We are personally committed to the mission of improving the lives of people with diabetes through the application of smart technology. We bring deep and nuanced understanding of customer needs, demonstrated technical capabilities in developing and commercializing technology, and proven business acumen in funding and growing startups into profitable publicly traded enterprises.
What we are building at Bigfoot Biomedical
Bigfoot is building diabetes management solutions integrating data, software, smart devices, and people. This is your chance to join a very talented team!

Bigfoot is seeking a Senior Director of Data Science with responsibility for driving Bigfoot’s quantitative research and engineering group including control systems engineering, quantitative modeling and analysis, data architecture, science, and strategy to ensure that appropriate and relevant quantitative methods are deployed against the business’s mission, strategy, and objectives.Essential
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Oversee the data science department, inclusive of algorithm development, quantitative analytics, data science, and data architecture roles necessary to build the data-driven capabilities to efficiently derive value from quantitative modeling and data assetsDrive Bigfoot’s data vision, strategy, and execution. Define how the business can create additional value through the development of algorithms and other utilization of its data assets and analytics.
Drive alignment and support across the organization through collaboration, communication, and transparency
Build the business’s quantitative talent needs through role definition, recruitment, and development of a team of engineers and data scientists that will jointly move the business’s agenda forward
Play a mentorship role to key individuals, guiding them through the execution of their duties, and encouraging their professional growth
Work with cross-functional stakeholders to identify and prioritize data-driven use cases that support the company’s imperatives and objectives and improve customers’ experiences
Create the process to identify, prioritize, define, and execute data driven projects and create transfer mechanisms such as reports, visualizations, requirements, or tools
Work with product management and engineering stakeholders to define a process around data instrumentation and data engineering
Build out a modern data platform that meets the core data provisioning needs of the organization’s data consumers
Define and support Bigfoot’s business intelligence and analytics needs
Create the process and capabilities from data to feed actionable insights back into Bigfoot’s departments for continued learning, iteration, and action
Identify opportunities for data-driven applications that could measurably improve the customer experience and the business’s efficiency through automation and machine learning
Define the company’s strategy for data distributionFree up resources, lower barriers, and increase productivity through data and processInsert data requirements into technology choices and investment decisions
Participate in defining cross-functional data governanceBuild bridges between business and engineering stakeholdersIdentify and provide tools and training to help others leverage data
Train and inspire stakeholders to identify opportunities to leverage data science and data driven simulations

Essential Experience you should possess:
7+ years of work experience in a Quantitative Engineering discipline such as Control Systems Engineering or Data Science
4+ years experience in people management and team leadership
Experience developing control algorithms to automate safety critical systems
Knowledge of diabetes management and/or diabetes products, business models, industry practices and the competitive landscape
Experience in the digital healthcare industryExperience building and leading quantitative engineering and data science practices and evangelizing/advocating for data driven value across the business and to diverse audiences
Expertise in data science, modeling, machine learning, and analytics.
Experience successfully deriving insights from data, modeling, and simulation into actionable algorithms that drive business value.
Expertise in big data technology infrastructure and environments coupled with business process.Ability to communicate clearly, concisely, and convincingly with technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong leadership skills and the ability to align cross-functional groups and influence business executives and stakeholders
Deep knowledge of data and how to apply that data; business acumen to understand what needs to happen in order to support business objectives; technology skills to select the right tools and techniques to execute on objectives; communication skills to get the buy-in needed to get everyone else pulling in the same direction
Be a result-driven individual; be highly creative, innovative, and analytical; be a strategic thinker; have an ability to work comfortably in a collaborative setting; be comfortable working with business top-leadership and executives; be highly organized; have an ability to work on multiple simultaneous projects and meet tight deadlines; have the ability to navigate times of uncertainty and stress; be a team-builder; be proactive and self-driven requiring minimal supervision; be open and welcoming to change
Additionally, the ideal candidate will possess the following:
Knowledge of user-centric design
Experience working in an agile environment
Educational Requirements:
Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, or another related field. Advanced degree (PhD, MS) preferred. An equivalent combination of education and work experience is also acceptable for the position.
What will you do at Bigfoot Biomedical?
What you do here at Bigfoot will largely be defined by your existing skills and desire to grow to help us achieve the above. We have an employee-friendly working environment that provides bike racks and showers, lunch and snacks, and flexible hours. Our culture helps us stay focused on our goals.
We have competitive benefits. We have a great team culture. We understand that we all need to succeed as a team. We have fun while we're building a solution we can be proud of.
If you're ready to make a dent in the universe, join the mission, and feel like what you do every day isn't just a job, come talk to us!
Bigfoot Biomedical, Inc., provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
