The Role:

AlertMedia is looking for a Data Analyst to join the Engineering team. In this role you will have the opportunity to use your data mining and analysis skills to help us answer questions about product usage and trends. Responsibilities for this role include writing SQL queries and creating Excel reports to respond to data requests, working with the Engineering team to leverage AWS tools and services to make high-value data readily available, and creating tools that give stakeholders easy access to current data. Strong creative and technical abilities are vital for success in this role, with the ideal candidate being an independent problem solver and critical thinker. You will have the opportunity to show who you are throughout our interview process, we don't ask any trick questions, or expect you to perform a whiteboard exercise. We want to see you shine by showing us work you are most proud of!

Who you are:

You love data. You love digging for it, slicing and dicing it, and figuring out what it all means. You know the database schema better than anyone. You create quick ad hoc reports to provide your stakeholders with a rough idea of what the data can show and then get to work on making them efficient, performant, and accessible. You have AWS experience and love collaborating with engineers to architect and build data pipelines. You believe in the value of pictures and are a master at creating graphs and charts.

Who we are:

AlertMedia has disrupted the mass notification industry and become its technology leader, now serving some of the largest and most respected companies in the world. Our emergency communication software and monitoring services enable organizations to keep their people safe, informed, and connected. Customers in telecom, healthcare, transportation, energy, manufacturing, government and education are using the AlertMedia platform for emergency communication, regular business communication, and operational activities such as scheduling, dispatching, and other logistics.

This is an amazing opportunity to be part of our wave of momentum and take our company, and your career, to the next growth stage. We'd love to get to know you better and share how we serve our amazing customers. For more information please visit www.alertmedia.com.

What you will do:
Write queries to support data requests from a variety of stakeholders, including Engineering, Product Management, and Customer Success
Work with the Engineering team to develop a data mining strategy and architecture and then build it, leveraging AWS services
Become an expert in the database schema supporting the AlertMedia platform
Streamline reporting by using ETL tools to transform data as needed
Build reports in Excel
Contribute to AlertMedia's culture, values and vision for the future
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field preferred
2+ years experience with data mining and analysis, reporting, and visualization
Advanced SQL knowledge, Postgres preferred
Strong Excel skills, including visualization
Experience with Amazon AWS data analysis tools, e.g. Redshift
The ability and desire to work in a fast-paced challenging environment
What we offer:
Base salary + Company-Wide Bonus program
Stock options - Be a shareholder in the company
Competitive PTO + holidays to enjoy balance
Health benefits - Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance 100% paid for employees
Amazing rewards and incentives
An exciting and positive work environment
Commitment to community service with opportunities to give back
A Best Places to Work company three years in a row
AlertMedia is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, seeking to create a welcoming and diverse environment.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.

AlertMedia does not currently sponsor applicants for work visas.
