The Zebra, named a Best Place to Work in Austin four years running, is revolutionizing how connected consumers research and shop for insurance. The Zebra is highly invested in using Data Science to provide our business leaders with the most advanced decision science solutions to guide strategy, planning, growth and tactics. To support this goal, we are expanding the Analytics team and seeking a mid-level to senior data scientist to help us build advanced data-driven solutions to drive business decisions.

As a Data Scientist on the Analytics team at The Zebra, you will collaborate cross functionally, working with business leaders, analysts, the data team and others to identify opportunities and scope new data science projects. You’ll dig into data, build statistical models, and design and analyze experiments to create the maximum impact for the business. As the first data scientist on our growing Analytics team, you will have the unique opportunity to help expand analytic team capabilities while collaborating with those on other Data Science teams across the company. You will be supported by an established data platform with an advanced analytics toolkit.

We are looking for a curious, practical generalist who can be involved in the data science process from end to end, from building advanced analytics models to presenting insights to company stakeholders. Our ideal candidate is adaptable and resourceful - someone who understands that real data and problems are messy and cares more about making an impact than using the most cutting edge methods. Good business sense and an aptitude for framing and answering questions analytically is key in this role.
WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Collaborate with business stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions
Mine and analyze data from analytics databases to drive optimization and improvement of commercialization tactics, agency operations, marketing techniques, product team planning and other business strategies through advanced forecasting and statistical methodology
Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes
Consult and guide team members on A/B testing best practices and test model quality
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy (confidence intervals, accuracy rates, etc.)
Write maintainable, clean model code using best practices from software engineering where applicable
Translate complex analytical results into insights to drive business development, and communicate them throughout the organization
REQUIREMENTS / QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, or equivalent applied professional experience
2-5+ years experience as a data scientist, decision scientist, data analyst, data engineer or other adjacent roles
Experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models
Solid mathematical foundation and knowledge of a variety of statistical methods (e.g. regression, classification, clustering, experimental design, advanced forecasting)
Strong proficiency in SQL and either Python or R
Strong proficiency in data visualization
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques
EXPERIENCE THAT WILL IMPRESS THE HECK OUT OF US:
MS or PhD with quantitative focus or relevant applied research/experience
Experience with modern software engineering workflows and best practices (e.g. writing reproducible code, Git)
Experience as a data scientist or analyst in a product driven ecommerce company and collaborating with business leaders
Familiarity with research design / experimental methods (i.e. solid understanding of confounding, sources of bias in data, methods to infer causality, etc.)
BENEFITS + PERKS:
Competitive Compensation & Stock Option Offering
Health, Dental, Vision & Disability Coverages
HSA offering + employer contribution
Unlimited PTO + flexibility to enjoy it
Paid Parental Leave Program
Commuter Benefits (up to $100/month)Wellness perk ($100/month)
Learning & Development Stipends
Onsite Full Service Barista
Wednesday Catered Lunch + Fully Stocked Fridges
Opportunity to join Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) or drive our diversity & inclusion stance by creating your own
Join a team that truly lives their values, and values their lives (outside of the office. Cliche, we know… but we really mean it)
ABOUT THE ZEBRA

The Zebra is the most comprehensive online car insurance comparison platform in the U.S. Since 2012, the company has brought transparency and simplicity to car insurance shopping — “car insurance in black and white.” The Zebra compares over 200 car insurance companies, and with its real-time, side-by-side quote comparison tool, drivers can easily and quickly find the coverage, service level, and pricing to suit their unique needs.

Headquartered in Austin, Texas, The Zebra has garnered the attention and investment of some of the nation’s top venture capitalists, and the company’s success has been profiled in publications like Inc., Time, Forbes, and TechCrunch. Austin Business Journal named The Zebra a Best Place to Work in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018. Austin American-Statesman also awarded The Zebra as a Top Workplace in 2016, 2017, and 2018.

The Zebra is aiming to grow our fantastic team to add to our dynamic culture and continue building on our success. Working at The Zebra means never being bored, always being challenged, and supporting one another. We’re a happy, hardworking group, and we’re eager to add “new stripes” who share those values.

The Zebra is an equal opportunity employer and “at will” company.

As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, The Zebra provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Zebra complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

The Zebra expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of The Zebra's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

**No external recruiters or agents, please.**
