Job Description

What Youll Get to Do

Be part of a high-performing, multi-disciplinary team supporting rapid and innovative prototype development of warfighting capabilities that increase lethality, survivability, and warfighter effectiveness in support of the Air Force Tactical Exploitation of National Capabilities (AF TENCAP) mission to exploit national systems, educate warfighters, and influence development of future requirements. As a member of the team you will integrate with cross-functional teams to conduct research, design, development, prototyping, systems engineering, integration, testing and evaluation, transitioning, and training across multiple technology areas to include: Geolocation and Tagging, Tracking, Locating; Sensor, Data Fusion, and Dissemination; Unconventional / Asymmetric Warfare / Support to Special Operations; Situational Awareness; Cyberspace and Spectrum Warfare Operations; Air Superiority; Command, Control and Spectrum Utilization; Real-Time/Near Real Time Large Data Analytics and Virtualization. Projects in the portfolio will range in quantity, scope, duration, and complexity. Projects are designed to transition to warfighters and/or national intelligence agencies for operational use, sustainment and appropriate acquisition Programs of Record for further development.

More About the Role
Identify and develop actionable insights through problem definition, application of statistical models, and analysis against existing and future data
Assists in identification of important data sets for exploitation and analysis, and prepare briefings, analyses, and visualizations in support of leadership
Apply data mining, data modeling, and machine learning to extract and analyze information from large structured and unstructured datasets.
Assists in the visualize, interpret, and report data findings.
Youll Bring These Qualifications
Top Secret
Possess a bachelors or masters degree.
Hands-on experience creating algorithms and engineering tools for data processing and modeling and simulation.
Practical understanding in modeling and simulation with a focus on optimization, including theoretical and numerical methods for analysis of current and future systems.
Fundamental knowledge in applying ML and AI to image processing and information discovery Software development experience using C++, Python, Java or equivalent.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have
Eligibility for TS/SCI clearance with Polygraph (U.S. Citizenship required for clearance)
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-Washington-DC-AUSTIN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
