About SubjectWell
SubjectWell is a venture-backed startup on an unstoppable mission to disrupt the antiquated $100 billion dollar clinical trial patient recruitment sector. Almost all clinical trials fall behind schedule, leaving patients unable to access the most promising treatments and pharmaceutical and biotech companies unable to quickly carry their innovations to market. SubjectWell was founded by two entrepreneurs on their third successful startup, to unlock the potential of a true marketplace for clinical trials. We leverage proven data science and performance marketing techniques to hit a hard reset to the massive patient recruitment challenge that sits at the critical nexus of speeding delivery of the best therapeutics to the world.

Here's your chance to really make a difference, both in your career and in the lives millions.

About the position
One of our core principles is a dedication to data-driven decision-making. The primary goal of this position is improve the process by which we match patients to clinical trials.

This successful candidate will perform the following:
Create and maintain insightful reporting for all business activities. Report to team on high-level summary statistics, key performance indicators, and trend/deviation estimates.
Deliver point-estimates and standard errors of causal effects of both firm decisions and external developments. Methods include field experiments (A/B testing), structural modeling, and econometric analysis.
Employ statistical, time-series, and structural models to provide forecasts of key business indicators. Forecasts are used for internal planning as well as guidance for external partners.
Provide recommendations to managers on optimal business decisions and strategy. Explore growth and effiiciency-enhancing opportunities, and deliver empirical and structural evidence to support improvements across all operations.
Qualifications and Skills
Graduate training in economics, or related field such as operations, statistics, finance, or quantitative marketing. Coursework in econometrics or advanced statistics required.
Working knowledge of SQL and relational databases
Fluency in Excel
Fluency in Python, R or another advanced data programming language
Strong skills in presentation and data visualization
Strong working knowledge of Tableau or other visualization platforms
Autonomous and self-motivated work ethic. Inclination to assume ownership of both short- and long-term projects.
Rockstar analytic and problem solving skills
Ability to extract meaningful business insights from data and identify the stories behind the patterns

Benefits
Full Medical, Dental, and Vision Benefits
401(k)
Company stock options
Paid time off
Paid holidays
Casual office
Flexible vacation
