Zynga is a leading developer of the world’s most popular social games that are played by people around the world every single day. To-date, more than 1 billion people have played our games across Web and mobile, including Words With Friends, FarmVille, Zynga Poker, Merge Dragons, Empires & Puzzles, Hit it Rich! Slots and CSR.

Zynga’s Data Science and Analytics team uses our outstanding and expansive data to deliver fundamental insights on who our audience is, how they engage with our games, and what are the best ways to personalize their in game experience. We strive for a better understanding of our players which translates into challenges and features that delight them.

Here’s where you would come in: A successful candidate will be passionate about using analytics and data science to impact revenue through customer-centric, data-driven initiatives. He/she will partner with other analytics/data science teams and studio leaders around the globe to identify and act on opportunities to increase engagement, retention, revenue, optimization, and improve the player experience for our customers.

Lastly, he/she will have strong technical analytical skills across a wide spectrum, including strong proficiency in scripting languages such as SQL, R and Python, telemetry definition and data modelling, data aggregation and manipulation, customer analytics, business intelligence, data visualization, and data science techniques.

Responsibilities:
Own objective evaluation of game health and all content/feature releases, through daily KPI reports, bi-weekly business health meetings, and feature/event readouts and analysis.
Engage with game leadership team to provide insights and guidance derived from quantitative study; influence and analytically validate product assumptions and roadmap.
Conduct partner relationships with leads of the Product Management, Design, Marketing, Advertising and Production organizations to understand the analytical requirements of the business.
Build KPI dashboards/reports that signal deviations from expected outcomes, empowering feature owners to run performance for the business.
Own experimentation efforts, including experimental design and analysis.
Manage game team’s data assets by defining telemetry events, architecting data models, and defining data quality governance.
Collaborate with software architects, database engineers, analysts, data scientists and game teams to drive key strategic initiatives for the improvement of the data and analytics infrastructure.
Required Skills and Experience:
B.S. or B.A. in Math, Statistics, Comp Sci, Engineering, or other quantitative field required; graduate degree preferred
3+ years of meaningful work experience in data science or analytics role in a product support capacity
Strong experience in SQL; Proficient in Python; Adept in at least one visualization tool such as Tableau.
Proven experience with some of the following: statistics, experimental design, machine learning, data mining, predictive modeling, deep learning
Experience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a Hadoop or Spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scale
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities
Strong passion for gaming.
Zynga is an equal opportunity employer. We are proud of our broad community; we do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds. Join us!

We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.

Zynga is committed to providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities. If you need an accommodation during the interview process, please let us know.
