Posted: Jul 8, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200170823
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish!

The people here at Apple don’t just craft products - they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple and help us leave the world better than we found it!

AppleCare Business Insight is a dynamic data science organization that provides insight to improve the post-sale ownership experience and to drive business impact. This role is for a full-stack data scientist within the AppleCare BI team to provide data driven insight to improve revenue and margin for AppleCare’s extended warranty products. You will build data engineering assets and statistical/machine learning models to surface actionable business insights. The role engages with cross functional business teams to define the problem statement, design analytical solutions and operationalize the solutions.

Please note: this position can be located in either Austin or Santa Clara Valley
Key Qualifications
Expertise in data engineering using SQL
Expertise in building predictive models using R/Python is required
Proficient in building Tableau Dashboards
A strong quantitative academic background
Ability to network broadly across the organization and to drive collaboration
Exceptional oral and written communication skills
Experience providing analytics support for subscription business is a plus
Description
You will be responsible for end-to-end analytics support for 'Theft and Loss' and 'Functional Repair Claims' components of Apple’s extended warranty product. You will provide data driven solution to solve business problems. This will include 'building KPIs to track business performance, performing descriptive and inquisitive analytics using SQL and Tableau, building predictive models in R/Python and communicating the insight to business stakeholders.
Education & Experience
BA/BS in a quantitative field (Statistics, Computer Science, Ops Research etc.) required. Master’s degree a plus.
