Posted: Jul 10, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200168864
There is a job and then there is a calling. The one that wakes you before the alarm rings every morning and makes you excited to be at work. Our Apple Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informative and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work.

Advertising Platforms is the top tier advertising environment like no other — Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in the App Store. Our platforms are highly performant, deployed at scale, and set new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy!

As a Data Scientist, you're passionate about finding patterns in data that can point to opportunities and insights. You thrive on cross-functional alignment, pay attention to minute details and don't stop short of the finish line despite all the challenges you face. It's imperative to tailor your message to a wide range of audience - senior management, product management, marketing, finance and business.

The position will be located in Austin or Cupertino
Key Qualifications
Do you have 7+ years of hands-on experience in the Web and business analytics arena? Experience in digital advertising industry or related field a plus
Partner effectively with cross-functional partners to translate business needs into analytical requirements
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product
Ability to operate comfortably and optimally in a fast-paced, highly cross-functional, constantly evolving environment. Familiarity with agile methods such as scrum
Experience in exploratory data analysis and familiarity with advanced quantitative analysis and statistical techniques
In-depth knowledge of data analytics technologies such as SQL and visualization tools especially Tableau and Python viz packages
Strong knowledge of Python and working knowledge of Hadoop, Spark.
Statistics background and ability to develop custom data models and algorithms
Fluency in Mandarin Chinese is a plus!
Description
- Support Product Marketing, Sales, and/or the Executive Team with analytics for product/ business performance and customer insights
Empower Sales, Marketing, or Product teams with insights to advise and fulfill strategic objectives and goals
Deliver business analytics work through all phases, including data quality, data analysis, data visualization, and presentation of results and deliverables
Monitor usage metrics, understand business-based explanations for large scale trends and patterns in customer lifecycle behavior
Automate insights delivery balancing the scale of data with performance
At Apple, we work every day to create products that enrich people’s lives. Join us… to do your life’s best work.
Education & Experience
Masters or Bachelors degree in a quantitative field of study including statistics, math, economics, operations research or a related discipline
