Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions for the advertising industry. Our technology handles hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collects tens of billions of events each day; and evaluates thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds.

We are looking for an experienced Big Data Engineer to join our Data Engineering team. This position will be the Senior technical resource driving architecture for the integration of large 3rd party partner integrations with companies like Facebook, Google and Twitter to name a few. The ideal candidate is naturally curious, dedicated, detail-oriented with a strong desire to work with awesome people in a highly collaborative environment. This position will require the ability to own and lead data initiatives on a cross-functional team. The ideal candidate is naturally curious, dedicated, detail-oriented with a strong desire to work with awesome people in a highly collaborative environment. You should be able to not take yourself too seriously as well. And most of all, you will enjoy working with great people who are changing the entire industry.

What you'll do:
Migrate existing data pipelines from on-prem regional data centers to AWS and GCP.
Architect a new modern event driven architecture with both batching and streaming
Adjust existing pipelines to fit the AWS processing model such as integration with S3, migrate to open source version of hadoop, adjustments to security model, etc...
Working on Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Kafka, and/or Spark in columnar databases
Architect, design, code and maintain components for aggregating tens of billions of daily transactions
Lead the entire software lifecycle including hands-on development, code reviews, testing, deployment, and documentation for streaming and batch ETL's and RESTful API's
Partner and work closely with the QA Engineers to develop automated tests
Participate in training and mentoring of junior team members
You should apply if you have most of this:

(We have flexibility in this role to consider more, or marginally lesser, experience than requested below)
8+ years of experience designing and building data-intensive applications
5+ years architecting systems in a big data ecosystem using MapReduce, Spark, MPP Data Warehouses, and sql/nosql databases.
5+ years recent hands-on experience with object oriented languages (Java, Scala, Python)
5+ years Hands on experience building production level systems in a cloud environment (AWS or GCP)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in English
Proven experience leading the design and execution of event driven architectures for distributed systems
Experience designing systems for performance, scalability, and reliability
In-depth understanding of object oriented programming concepts
Low level working knowledge of collections, multi-threading, JVM memory model, etc.
Solid understanding of database fundamentals and SQL
Understanding the full software development life cycle, agile development and continuous integration
Ability to clearly communicate with team-members in a cross-matrix environment
What puts you over the top:
Built systems in a containerized environment with familiarity in Docker, ECS, Kubernetes
Exposure to Data Warehousing solutions like Snowflake and BigQuery
Prior ad tech experience
About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is the global market leader in digital ad verification, offering technologies that drive high-quality advertising media. IAS equips advertisers and publishers with both the insight and technology to protect their advertising investments from fraud and unsafe environments as well as to capture consumer attention, and drive business outcomes. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 18 offices across 13 countries. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of software companies. For more on how IAS is powering great impressions for top publishers and advertisers around the world, visit integralads.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:

We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
