Posted: Oct 22, 2019
Role Number:
200115819
The people here at Apple don’t just build products — we craft the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that supports the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
Do you love problem solving and thinking beyond an obvious solution? Do you thrive in ambiguity and teams where little direction should fuel your creativity? We are seeking a true machine learning data scientist to grow & develop Machine Learning & AI capabilities towards improving Apple‘s Wallet, Payments, and Commerce experience in services.
The Internet Software & Services WPC Analytics team (Wallet Payments and Commerce) is seeking a Machine Learning Scientist to work on building intuitive models to provide insights to our business. The ideal team member will be able think outside of the box and should have a real passion for building analytics solutions to enable business partners to make sensitive and critical business decisions. Dynamic people, with inspiring and innovative technologies, are the norm here.
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming phenomenal products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Be a part of the future of Payments & Commerce.
Key Qualifications
We seek a self starter with strong leadership abilities.
Excellent presentation skills, distilling complex analysis and concepts into concise business-focused takeaways
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, analytical and interpersonal skills
Able to work well with diverse roles such as product managers and engineers
Confirmed ability to handle multiple projects with strict deadlines
In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms and their applications including practical experience with and theoretical understanding of algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, and anomaly detection
Deep understanding of statistics and/or applied math as a basis for choosing techniques and crafting experiments
Ability to implement data science pipelines and applications in a general programming language such as Python, Scala, or Java, or Spark
Experience with the machine learning life cycle and libraries in Python/Scala
Experience with one or more deep learning frameworks e.g., TensorFlow, PyTorch.
Working knowledge of relational databases, including SQL, and large-scale distributed systems such as Hadoop and Spark
Experience in crafting a measurement strategy to evaluate the performance of complex systems against challenging requirements
Ability to comprehend and debug complex systems integrations spanning toolchains and teams
Ability to extract substantial business insights from data and identify the stories behind the patterns
Creativity to engineer novel features and signals, and to push beyond current tools and approaches
Description
Be ready to make something phenomenal when you come here. Dynamic, inspiring people and innovative, industry-defining technologies are the norm at Apple. The people who work here have reinvented and defined entire industries with our products and services. The same passion for innovation also applies to our business practices - strengthening our commitment to leave the world better than we found it.
You will deal with large-scale data set with intensive hand-on code development. In addition, this role will be responsible for the following: collect, process and cleanse raw data from a wide variety of sources. Transform and convert unstructured data set into structured data products. Identify, generate, and select modeling features from various data set. Train and build machine learning models to meet business goals. Innovate new machine learning techniques to address business needs. Analyze and evaluate performance results from model execution.
Are you deeply accountable for your work? Your passion for product ownership and track record of product development will prove critical to your success in our group. We are in need of a creative thinker with deep expertise in machine learning, algorithms, and optimization. You will work with amazing colleagues, brainstorm new ideas, and develop models and algorithms to tackle challenging problems that have a substantial impact.
Work closely with Analytics, Product, and Services teams to understand data and solution requirements
Design and build highly scalable data pipelines using tools such as Spark and Hadoop to pull data from various systems
Translate complex business requirements into scalable technical solutions meeting data warehousing design standards
Collaborate with multiple multi-functional teams and work on solutions that have large impacts on Payments and Commerce business products and services
Interact with many internal teams to lead and deliver best-in-class products in an exciting fast-paced environment
Education & Experience
Minimum 2 years work experience with research and development for services.
Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics or related fields. Post graduate degree highly preferred.
