The online travel market never stands still. At Expedia Group, were smack in the middle of it. We build the tools and technologies that help millions of travelers find the perfect hotels for their next trip. We offer the chance to work with the brightest minds in the industry in an upbeat, reciprocal and international work environment. We are passionate about innovation, creative problem-solving and collaboration.

Why build your career with us?
We're re-inventing online travel, one day at a time - it's an exciting challenge. We're super-motivated and setting the pace.
We've got the scope and the freedom to make a difference. We don't do ordinary.
We work with some really smart partners - from search marketing whiz kids to the world's leading airlines and travel agents.
We're a team of passionate, hard-working travel enthusiasts. We just love what we do.
We love to participate in data science conferences and communities.
We want everyone on our team to have the resources to succeed in their career.
We get to do all of this in a really nice office in central London.
About you:

You'll dive into groundbreaking machine learning models, experiment and apply new ones, and apply analytics at scale in order to impact the business. Using the latest cloud and data technologies to train and deploy machine learning models at scale, if you can prove your approaches are good, they'll be quickly deployed to production.
Be passionate about asking and answering questions in large datasets and able to communicate that passion.
Have a keen desire to tackle problems and live to find patterns and insights within structured and unstructured data.
Propose analytics strategies and solutions that challenge and expand the thinking of everyone around you.
Looking for a role with diverse growth opportunities and having fun while at it. Staying ahead of the latest data science industry developments, whilst coaching the team on them.
Be enthusiastic in collaborating, developing relationships within the company, and finding new business applications of data science and mentoring more junior team members.
Your experiences:

MSc or PhD degree in machine learning, or computer science/statistics/Physics with strong machine learning component
Knowledge of Python programming language
Good programming practices, ability to write readable, fast, object-oriented code
Expertise in machine learning: framing business problems as machine learning problems, building datasets, selecting and engineering features, building and optimizing algorithms
Good understanding of supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning (plus) machine learning algorithms
Experience with common data science toolkits, such as Scikit-learn, Spark ML, excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable
Very good understanding of data technologies; Hadoop, Spark, and standard relational database structures along with query languages (SQL); experience in the Cloud a plus
Experience working in a fast paced commercial environment and excellent organisational skills - this is a fast-moving operation in a high-growth phase, so it's critical to be able to keep multiple balls in the air
Ability to work collaboratively, as well as to handle workflow in accordance with project timelines is required
Good communication and team management skills to technical and business audiences, able to explain complex topics in simple terms, adapting communication technical depth to the audience
Strong business/commercial sense to combine with analytics to help drive recommendations; ability to demonstrate an understanding of the commercial impact of their activities
Working knowledge of statistics: hypothesis testing, confidence intervals and A/B tests.
Why join us:


Expedia Group recognizes our success is dependent on the success of our people. We are the world's travel platform, made up of the most knowledgeable, passionate, and creative people in our business. Our brands recognize the power of travel to break down barriers and make people's lives better that responsibility inspires us to be the place where exceptional people want to do their best work, and to provide them to tools to do so.

Whether you're applying to work in engineering or customer support, marketing or lodging supply, at Expedia Group we act as one team, working towards a common goal; to bring the world within reach.We relentlessly strive for better, but not at the cost of the customer. We act with humility and optimism, respecting ideas big and small. We value diversity and voices of all volumes. We are a global organization but keep our feet on the ground so we can act fast and stay simple. Our teams also have the chance to give back on a local level and make a difference through our corporate social responsibility program, Expedia Cares.

If you have a hunger to make a difference with one of the most loved consumer brands in the world and to work in the dynamic travel industry, this is the job for you.

Our family of travel brands includes: Brand Expedia®, Hotels.com®, Expedia® Partner Solutions, Egencia®, trivago®, HomeAway®, Orbitz®, Travelocity®, Wotif®, lastminute.com.au®, ebookers®, CheapTickets®, Hotwire®, Classic Vacations®, Expedia® Media Solutions, CarRentals.com, Expedia Local Expert®, Expedia® CruiseShipCenters®, SilverRail Technologies, Inc., ALICE and Traveldoo®.

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, disability or age.

Expedia is committed to creating an inclusive work environment with a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. This employer participates in E-Verify. The employer will provide the Social Security Administration (SSA) and, if necessary, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) with information from each new employee's I-9 to confirm work authorization.
