About TaskRabbit


At TaskRabbit, we want to make your neighborhood a little more familiar. Whether it's a handyman (or woman!), a housecleaner, moving help or delivery person, we're imagining a world where everyone will have a go-to team to make everyday life easier.

As a pioneer of the sharing economy, TaskRabbit was founded on the premise of neighbors helping neighbors. Since then, our network has grown to three countries and 45+ cities, yet our core mission of creating a better everyday life for everyday people has remained the same.

Together with IKEA, we're creating more opportunities for people to earn a consistent, meaningful income on their own terms by building lasting relationships with clients in communities around the world.

We are a group of mission-minded people. Our culture is collaborative, pragmatic, and fast-paced. We're looking for talented, entrepreneurially-minded and data-driven people who also have a passion for helping people do what they love - and have a ton of fun while they're at it.

About the Job


The Trust & Safety Team at TaskRabbit is dedicated to building positive and safe experiences for all users in our marketplace community. As the Data Scientist for the Trust & Safety team you will be responsible for creating our Trust and Safety performance data. You'll bring together data from many different internal and external sources to define success and measure our progress, and you'll keep the Trust and Safety team and company informed. You'll have a direct impact on the safety of our community. You'll create trust analytics to help drive business decisions to increase both retention of our customers and revenue. As a Data Scientist working on Trust & Safety, you will have the opportunity to collaborate with a strong team of data scientists, engineers, product managers, project managers and operation agents to build scalable and robust systems to detect, prevent and mitigate fraud. From marketplace losses to predictive analytics, you'll have the opportunity to create the metrics and reporting to articulate the Trust and Safety story to the whole organization. You'll create metrics and real-time Looker dashboards to showcase both our risks and trust building opportunities. Your reports will be the cornerstone to help the Trust and Safety team detect, prevent and mitigate fraud. The ideal candidate will have a background in risk management, trust and safety, payments, two-sided marketplaces, and/or operations, as well as a desire to learn by doing and deep-dive into new problems.

Join us in creating a better everyday life for everyday people.

Responsibilities:
Define and evaluate key metrics. Investigate and document the levers that impact each.
Devise, build and maintain routine reports, dashboards and visualizations to be used across functions.
Investigate fraud trends to recognize patterns, identify root causes and propose actionable solutions as well as drivers of improved trust at key moments in the experience that correlates to improved customer retention and loyalty
Clearly communicate analyses and recommendations to stakeholders to inform decisions throughout the company.
Empower the team to independently answer data questions quickly and easily by building high-quality accessible data sets and training the team to use them.
Perform advanced statistical analysis including research studies and tests in order to identify, [in]validate, and implement policy, process, tool, and program improvements
Build and iterate on decision support models that continuously improve decisions/actions on claims and cases leading to progressively improved customer satisfaction, reduced risk, and higher consistency or even automation.
Qualifications:


4+ years industry experience in a quantitative analysis role
Strong experience with SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to create metrics and KPIs
Excited about working with large data sets
Ability to identify critical business problems and create analytical/modeling solutions
Ability to translate complex findings and results into a compelling narrative
Background in statistics and experimentation or acquired knowledge in this area.
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to cross-functional partners of varying technical levels
Desired Skills & Experience
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to work effectively with various departments in different time zones.
Ability to handle multiple projects from scoping to execution.
Excellent time-management skills and attention to detail.
Experience in Operations Research, Optimization, or Operational Analysis is a plus
Adapts well to a fast-paced working environment.
Experience with Looker, Tableau, or similar tool is a plus.
Experience with ZenDesk, identity verification and fraud tools a plus.
Professional, positive, and approachable attitude.
You'll love working here because:


The People. You will be surrounded by some of the most talented, supportive, smart, and kind leaders and teams -- people you can be proud to work with!
The Values.
Care Deeply. We take time to be present and partner with our team and communities.
Level Up. We navigate through ambiguity and go the extra mile.
Be A Better Neighbor. We build a diverse and sustainable community and encourage all voices.
Lead The Future Together. We value entrepreneurship and inspire by action.
The diverse culture. We believe that we make better decisions when our workforce reflects the diversity of the communities in which we operate. Women make up more than half of our team and leadership, and we strive to recruit and retain employees from all over the world.
The perks. TaskRabbit offers comprehensive medical benefits, generous vacation and holiday time off, commuter benefits, learning and development opportunities, career development trainings, monthly TaskRabbit product stipends, IKEA discounts, free lunch, weekly meditations, charity events, and a dog-friendly office.
Company Overview:


TaskRabbit is a task management network that conveniently connects people with Taskers to handle everyday home to-do's, such as furniture assembly, handyman work, moving help, and much more. Acquired by IKEA Group - the world's largest furniture retailer - in 2017, TaskRabbit operates in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada and is expanding its global reach rapidly.

As a pioneer of the sharing economy, TaskRabbit was founded in 2008 on the premise of neighbors helping neighbors. Since then, our network has grown to three countries, 45 cities and over 140,000 Taskers, yet our core mission has remained the same. We want to make everyday life easier for everyday people. And by doing that, we can make your neighborhood a little more familiar.

In 2017, TaskRabbit launched TaskRabbit for Good (TR4G), which connects neighbors to build sustainable and compassionate communities. TaskRabbit for Good was created to make it easier for neighbors to give back locally and make a positive impact in communities around the world. TaskRabbit donates a portion of its service fee from all TR4G initiatives to best-in-class local non-profit organizations tackling social and environmental challenges.

TaskRabbit's headquarters is located in the heart of San Francisco, with two other offices in Austin and London.

Equal Opportunity Employer


TaskRabbit is an equal opportunity employer and values diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, military/veteran status, or disability status. TaskRabbit is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.

TaskRabbit will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.
