Applied Machine Learning Scientist, Austin, Texas!

What We Do
CognitiveScale is an augmented intelligence pioneer that pairs humans and machines to bring practical, scalable, trusted AI solutions to life.
CognitiveScale’s award-winning and proven Cortex software help customers win with intelligent, transparent, and trusted AI-powered digital systems. Cortex Fabric empowers financial services, digital commerce, and healthcare organizations to radically simplify the development, deployment, and management of their AI systems while Cortex Certifai helps businesses automate the management of AI business risk by answering pressing questions around robustness, explainability, and bias of AI systems. Whether they are personalizing investor, customer, patient, or member experiences, or ensuring digital systems use trustworthy AI, our clients are creating a better future for all.
Why Us?
CognitiveScale is #1 in AI patents among privately held companies and #4 overall since 2013. We are headquartered in beautiful Austin, Texas and have offices in New York, London, and Hyderabad. Our investors include Norwest Venture Partners, Intel Capital, IBM Watson, M12 (Microsoft Ventures), and USAA. We have been recognized by the World Economic Forum, as well as top industry analysts for positively impacting business and society with AI.

We are looking for talent to drive market success by building cognitive business solutions. Our Algorithmic Sciences team integrates ML and NLP expertise with enterprise software to deliver innovative people and process-centric AI solutions. This position is specifically for candidates with demonstrated applied ML expertise who can engage with customers and potential customers to help translate their business problems into a set of data science procedures. This includes the estimation of what data, skills, and effort levels would be required for such engagements, and then develop a model in collaboration with your peers on the machine learning team and software engineers using appropriate algorithms and tools.

Job Responsibilities
Analyze complex data from various sources to build next-generation ML systems.
Assist the engineering and operations organizations in integrating and deploying your solutions.
Estimate the effort involved and skills needed from a machine learning perspective for specific customer engagement.
Learn and understand industry processes and incorporate them into the solution.
Maintain a high standard of quality and adhere to best coding practices.
Coordinate and work collaboratively with remote teams to ensure a smooth delivery.
Measure and optimize the quality of your algorithms.

Job Specifications (some items below are “nice to have” rather than must-have.)
Experience with Data Science centered projects in the software industry.
MS degree in Computer Science/Engineering, a related quantitative field with 2 years of relevant experience or a Bachelor’s degree in these fields with 4+ years of experience.
Experience with languages such as Python, C++, and Linux shell scripts.
Strong interest in, and knowledge of Artificial Intelligence and its subfields.
Experience with open-source ML/math toolkits such as scikit-learn, PyTorch, Tensorflow, etc.
Ability to collaborate with the R&D team to develop new algorithms that are not available in popular toolkits.
Experience with knowledge graphs, optimization, decision theory, or signal processing is a plus.
Prior customer-facing experience.
Ability to travel as needed.

Soft Skills
Strong verbal and written communication; position will involve some engagement with customers as well as internal algorithmic sciences team.
Strong organizational, multi-tasking and time management skills.
High-energy, detail-oriented, and proactive with the ability to function under pressure in an independent environment.
Strong ability to collaborate with a global development team.
Experience working with international customers.
Strong understanding of business processes or the ability to quickly learn.

CognitiveScale is an Equal Opportunity Employer. CognitiveScale does not discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, veteran status, or disability.
Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully
CognitiveScale is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. Please: no phone calls or emails. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at CognitiveScale via email, the Internet or in any form and/or method without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of CognitiveScale. No fee will be paid in the event the candidate is hired by CognitiveScale as a result of the referral or through other means.
