Principal Data Scientist-Developer Experience (SDK, CLI, Developer Services (Join OCI-SDE)-20000JHX Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English
Preferred Qualifications


The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) team can
provide you the opportunity to build and operate a suite of massive scale,
integrated cloud services in a broadly distributed, multi-tenant cloud
environment. OCI is committed to providing the best in cloud products
that meet the needs of our customers who are tackling some of the world’s
biggest challenges.

We offer unique opportunities for
smart, hands-on engineers with the expertise and passion to solve difficult
problems in distributed highly available services and virtualized
infrastructure. At every level, our engineers have a significant
technical and business impact designing and building innovative new
systems to power our customer’s business critical applications.

Do you envision that a program has
intelligence to solve new problems on its own? Are you
passionate about leveraging data to drive decisions? Do you love to find
patterns in large data sets, even at petabyte-scale, real-time or offline? Do you dream of building
something completely new from ground up? Oracle is growing its startup
Cloud Infrastructure engineering organization, focused on creating new
cloud services from scratch – compute, storage, networking, database,
security, and an expanding set of foundational services, operating at
high-scale in a globally distributed multi-tenant cloud environment.

This is a rare opportunity to join a team of highly regarded tech industry
veterans in a greenfield venture, using a fresh approach and cutting edge technologies to build an
innovative new cloud platform. We are seeking a driven and experienced Senior Data Scientist with strong expertise in statistical
modeling, data analytics, and technical components such
as ETL, Kafka, Hadoop, SQL, and Spark. Excellent written and verbal
communication skills are required as you will work very closely with
diverse teams across the company, including Business Planning, Product Management, and
Engineering. Your role will involve using services,
tools, and automated processes to polish, integrate and evaluate large
datasets from multiple disparate sources to extract business insights, measure
success, and forecast the future. You will drive the
review of KPIs and OKRs for Oracle's Cloud Infrastructure business, as well as
forecast what's next.

We're
looking for a self-motivated technical leader who can deal with ambiguous problems and complex datasets without
supervision. She/he is a curious person, passionate about finding patterns and insights
in massive datasets and across disparate sources.
She/he will help define and design a first-generation Unified Analytics Platform for all of Oracle's
cloud business.
Must have qualifications for this position are:
Good understanding of data mining,
data processing, data science, data modeling, and hypothesis testing
Solid programming skills, preferably Java
Strong
technical leadership skills
Effective communication skills and very strong problem
resolution skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced Agile development and
rapid deployment environment
Solid experience with SQL and/or MapReduce
BS or MS, with a minimum 5 years of relevant experience
Desirable qualifications for this position are (one or more):
Experience with statistical programming languages,
such as R / Python
Experience with statistical/mathematical
predictive modeling
Experience with using,
maintaining, and operating cloud services
Experience
with machine learning / artificial intelligence
Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard
to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender
identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other
characteristic protected by law.

Detailed Description and Job Requirements
Design, develop, troubleshoot and debug software programs for databases, applications, tools, networks etc.

As a member of the software engineering division, you will assist in defining and developing software for tasks associated with the developing, debugging or designing of software applications or operating systems. Provide technical leadership to other software developers. Specify, design and implement modest changes to existing software architecture to meet changing needs.

Duties and tasks are varied and complex needing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 4 years of software engineering or related experience.

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job
: Product Development
Location
: US-TX,Texas-Austin
Job Type
: Regular Employee Hire
Organization
: Oracle
