Program Specialist II perform moderate complex (journey-level) consultative services, technical data analysis and research functions, working under the direction of the Office of Decision Support (ODS) Director within the IDD-BHS Division of HHSC. Provides data-related consultative services and technical assistance to Program and Contractor Services, as well as staff and managers of other HHSC sections, providers, and stakeholders. Computes and reports performance measures, including development of appropriate targets. Creates system documentation, specifications and data files related to Intellectual Development Disability (IDD). Represents ODS on committees, work-groups, and projects to meet data analysis needs. Other duties as assigned. Essential Job Functions:

EJF1. Plans, develops and conducts projects related to statistical and data analyses. Acquiring data from different sources and understanding the databases to drive data strategies and trends. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities for program staff. 40%

EJF2. Provides data-related consultative services and technical assistance to Program Services and Contractor Services, as well as other HHSC sections, providers and stakeholders. Explain data and analysis in a way that is understandable to those with limited data knowledge or experience. Organize and lead workgroups, including internal (IT and program) and external stakeholders, and facilitate a collaborative approach to designing and implementing process, strategies to manage the big and complex data. 20%

EJF3. Produces data for planning, performance measurement initiatives, risk assessment and other requests from LBB, federal partners, HHSC staff and stakeholders. 15%

EJF4. Creates system documentation and specifications with data quality checks, and data files related to IDD. To provide suggestion to the IDD team by facilitating the technical brainstorming with IT team; analyze the issues to formulate logical solutions. 15%

EJF5. Represents ODS on committees, workgroups, and projects to meet data analysis needs. 5%

EJF6. Other duties as assigned. 5%

Knowledge Skills Abilities:

Knowledge and experience with data systems and warehouses and ability to work with large databases.

Knowledge of evaluation and performance measurement techniques for programs and policies.

Knowledge of health or public service delivery programs is preferred.

Skill in effective verbal communication, including preparation and presentation of complex data analyses.

Skill in project management with projects that cross divisions, agencies and several lines of business.

Ability to plan and manage large multi-faceted projects. Ability to work in collaboration with others to manage multiple deadlines.

Ability to maintain professional demeanor when dealing with stressful situations.

Registration or Licensure Requirements:

None Initial Selection Criteria:

The HHSC application should be completed with education, employment dates, job description, and others needed information.

Degree from an accredited college or university or technical school. Experience can be substituted for 2 years of education.

Experience in the use of statistical packages, Business Objects, Mainframe or SQL databases. Additional Information:

Requisition # 448635

MOS Code:

There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
