Now looking for Interns for June-August 2020.


Company Description

EDGE10 Group is the new award-winning powerhouse in Human Performance SaaS across sport, armed forces and corporate wellness. The group brings together the market leaders in performance & analytics (E10 Performance), sports medicine (Athlete RMS) and physical testing solutions (PRIMCO Testing System) to create a one-of-a-kind integrated provider to elevate your team from great to extraordinary.

Founded in 2012 the group works with 750+ sports teams including Major League Baseball and its 30 franchises, National Hockey League and its 31 clubs, and teams across the Premier League, English Football League, National Football League, National Basketball Association, Major League Soccer, Australian Football League, as well as NCAA schools, and multiple amateur organisations from the UK, Australia, Japan to India, the USA and Canada

Job Description


We're seeking an ambitious, hard working intern to join our team in our remotely. The team delivers world class sports science and data analysis services to a roster of world famous teams such as the New York Knicks and LA Chargers.

This is an exciting opportunity to gain experience working with a unique human performance data set sourced from some of the world's elite sports teams.

The role is made available on a full time schedule (9am - 5pm) for 3 months starting early June 2020. Part time considered.

Your objective will be to support the consulting team to deliver new features based on robust statistical and data science techniques. You will have the opportunity to play a key role in projects and make a real impact.

This is an exciting opportunity to gain experience and develop your sports science and data analysis skills.

Key responsibilities will include:
General administrative tasks
Cleaning and preparing data sets ready for analysis
Data analysis and insight generation
Data visualization (Tableau, PowerBI, etc.)
Client development
Support delivery of client projects, working closely with experienced Sports Scientists and Project Managers
Requirements

Firstly, we look for great team fit and aptitude. As a young company, we want ambitious people who can flex and adapt to new roles, challenges and opportunities as the business grows.

Key experience, skills, and requirements:
Currently in the process of/have obtained a BA. or BSc. University Qualification. Preferably a qualification in sport and exercise science, STEM and/or related field
Preferably an ‘A’ Grade or higher in Mathematics
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Data Visualization (important to know context of sports)
Preferred: understanding of Python, R and/or SQL
Fluent in English
Comfortable presenting, defending and discussing ideas and concepts both internally and externally
A strong work ethic
Passion for sports
Benefits

You will gain real world experience working with data from top elite sports teams around the world.

You will develop communication, work prioritization and consulting skills. You will also develop a specialized knowledge of the elite sport market.

We offer the opportunity to join a company experiencing rapid and exciting global growth, counting some of the most recognizable sports teams in the world as customers. On occasion unsociable working hours are to be expected given our global client base.

Remuneration: Unpaid, no relocation expenses covered

Duration: 3 months Full Time
