PURPOSE AND SCOPE:

The Data Analyst is responsible for leading and contributing to the processes of report development, analysis and reconciliation. The Data Analyst is instrumental in cross-departmental reporting, communication, efficiency improvement, and risk identification. The Data Analyst must abide by all policies and processes to meet all state, regulatory, health/safety, and compliance guidelines.



PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situation or data requires a review of a variety of factors.
Exercises judgment within defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action.
Primary source to validate and reconcile general reporting data throughout the organization
Identifies discrepancies, risk and root cause for remediation
Creates and maintains reporting in compliance with the organization’s policies (CMS and FHP).
Assists in preparing required materials for appropriate parties throughout the organization.
Abides by all policies, procedures, and work instructions for the reporting function of the Medicare Advantage (MA-PD) plan.
Ensures data integrity is maintained throughout the reporting lifecycle.
Improves efficiencies and service provided while reducing costs.
Assists with preparing files and materials for internal and external regulatory audits.
Implements reporting and reconciliation workflows and document processes.
Pulls ad-hoc reporting as needed
Automates manual reporting and analysis of business implications and trends
May provide assistance to junior level staff with general tasks that require a better understanding of functions, as directed by immediate supervisor.
May refer to senior level staff for assistance with higher level problems that may arise.
Escalates issues to supervisor/manager for resolution, as deemed necessary.
Review and comply with the Code of Business Conduct and all applicable company policies and procedures, local, state and federal laws and regulations.
Assists with various projects as assigned by direct supervisor.
Other duties as assigned.
Additional responsibilities may include focus on one or more departments or locations. See applicable addendum for department or location specific functions.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:
The physical demands and work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
EDUCATION:

Bachelor’s Degree required
EXPERIENCE AND REQUIRED SKILLS:
2 – 5 years’ related experience in reporting analytics.
Proficient with computers, Microsoft Office applications and Windows operating systems.
Process development/implementation experience preferred.
Medicare or Healthcare experience preferred.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Excellent customer/interpersonal skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with other associates and clients.
Organized and can function independent of immediate supervision.
Ability to lead projects preferred.
EO/AA Employer: Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

ADDENDUM:


Insurance/FHP focus:

SQL, SAS or other reporting database knowledge preferred
Fresenius Medical Care North America maintains a drug-free workplace in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.
