About UsAt Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world's largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine's Top Company Cultures list.We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!About the department and roleOur team is responsible for originating and processing data about security threats that affect customers of Cloudflare for Teams. We're building a suite of tools that will pull together large streams of data to generate security insights, while preserving the privacy and confidentiality of the users and customers.We're modeling our team based on small, high-performing teams in search, quantitative finance and other fields. You will bring your experience to a team that integrates knowledge in software engineering, DevOps, machine learning and cybersecurity. You will be learning by doing, exchanging knowledge of these functional skills with your teammates.Product Strategy is where new, bold, products are built and released within Cloudflare. Rather than being constrained by the structures which make Cloudflare a massively successful business, we are able to leverage them to deliver entirely new tools and products to our customers. Cloudflare's network makes it possible to solve problems at massive scale and efficiency which would be impossible for almost any other organization.What you'll do* Be the team's specialist in using data science and machine learning to identify and block security threats* Help define and refine the questions the team wants to answer* Figure out where to get the data we need to investigate and prototype* Work on all phases of the project life cycle: definition, investigation, implementation, deployment and operations* Work with a wide variety of tools and technologies, including: Python, Go, JavaScript, Node.JS, REST APIs, ClickHouse, Kafka, Salt, SQL, Grafana, Docker, Kubernetes, and cloud services* Spend the majority of each day in focused concentration, working toward completing high-impact projectsExamples of desirable skills, knowledge and experience* At least 4 years of experience in a data science or quantitative-analysis focused role* Track record of solving ambiguous problems with unlabeled data in a fast-moving, innovative environment* Experience building solutions using anomaly detection, unsupervised learning, and NLP techniques* Experience working end-to-end on solutions, from investigation to production* Experience programming in Python, Go, Rust or C++* Strong software engineering skills* Passion and curiosity for the Internet and all its technical details* Interest or experience in security and threat intelligenceWhat Makes Cloudflare Special?We're not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We're a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare's enterprise customers--at no cost.Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here's the deal - we don't store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy policy and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.Sound like something you'd like to be a part of? We'd love to hear from you!Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.
