Job Description:


Ultra is seeking a talented, highly motivated Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning Engineer to start the formation of our AI/ML team. Ultra is currently developing AI/ML capabilities utilizing outside resources and is now building our team.

The ideal candidate has experience applying data analytics, machine learning and statistical analysis to diverse problems in order to address customer and mission analytic needs. The candidate will work across multiple projects including external resources to develop innovative data-driven solutions.
Maintain up-to-date awareness of state of the art data science/engineering approaches, tools, and techniques. Connect academic ML work with domain applications to produce new models to detect or identify signatures, and/or predict future outcomes.
Develop prototypes and proofs-of-concept, applying the latest academic research, to diverse problems and datasets, to improve system and mission operator performance
Hands-on software development skills (Python, R, C++, C#, Java, Javascript)
Experience performing data mining, analysis, and training set construction.
Experience working in a team and deploying solutions in an iterative or agile/DevOps continuous integration and delivery environment using lifecycle management methods and tools.
Strong ability to work closely and collaboratively with mission stakeholders; respond to emergent, mission-driven changes in priorities and expected outcomes; and, apply new and emerging tools and techniques.
Experience conducting original research using data science techniques, including machine learning, deep learning, statistical modeling, and data visualization.
Required Skills:

Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics or related field with a concentration in software development
10+ years software development experience in a professional setting with at least 1 modern programming language, preferably C, C++, Python or Java
Ability to obtain a US Government security clearance. Security clearances are granted to U.S. citizens.
Desired Skills:

Masters or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Science related, or other related field.
Experience with Open Architecture development
Experience/knowledge of Open Mission Systems (OMS) Universal Command and Control Interface (UCI) standards
An understanding of object-oriented design and implementation
Solid understanding of computer science fundamentals in data structures, algorithm design and problem solving
Familiar with software architecture design principles
Effective communication skills
2+ years working with messaging technologies such as ActiveMQ or RabbitMQ
4+ years software development experience using Red Hat Enterprise Linux
Knowledge of Agile/Scrum development methodology
Knowledge of Version Control system such as Git or Subversion
May require periodical (quarterly on average) travel for technical interchange meetings, customer meetings, and integration/usability testing activities
Physical Requirements:

Frequently required to sit and use manual dexterity
Works in an office environment with little or occasional light physical effort
Works on a computer, requiring the ability to view a monitor for long periods of time
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. A review of this classification has excluded the marginal functions of the classification that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and responsibilities are essential job functions and requirements and are subject to possible modification to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities to perform this job proficiently. The requirements in this document are the minimum levels of knowledge, skills, or abilities.

Advanced Tactical Systems is a leading supplier of tactical command and control systems, communication gateways, data fusion and display systems. It also provides software based applications that deliver enhanced situational awareness in military command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems.

Ultra Electronics is a UK-based defense, aerospace, cyber security, energy, and transportation products group. Ultra manages a portfolio of specialist capabilities, generating highly differentiated solutions and products by applying electronic, mechanical, and software technologies in demanding and critical environments to meet customer needs.

We offer medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance, health savings accounts, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan with a Company match.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 601.4(a), 60300.5(a) and 60741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, and for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing compensation. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Reasonable accommodation statement: If you need an accommodation for any part of the application process, please email careers@ultra-us-gbs.com
