Job Description
Sign In|New User
Position Information
TxDOT's Strategic Planning Division is looking for a Strategic Data Analysis III based in Austin, TX. We have a diverse workforce of over 12,000 employees statewide. If you want to build an exciting career, let’s talk!

At TxDOT we value employee work-life-balance. In keeping with our commitment to this value our employees benefit from a wide array of programs and activities that include telework, flexed and compressed work schedules, wellness leave incentive, in-house wellness center, career development programs, tuition assistance, and various other benefits. For a complete list of our total compensation package please visit our website at Total Compensation

Work Location: 125 E. 11th Street, Austin TX 78701

Travel Required: Up to 25%
Job Details
Salary Plan/Grade:
B-24
Job ID
116429
Job Title
Strategic Data Analyst III - Strategic Planning Divsion
Description:
Location
$59004.00 – $96720.00 yearly
AUSTIN
Full/Part Time
Full-Time
Regular/Temporary
Regular

Overnight Travel
Up to 25% of the time
Military Occup Specialty Code
State Classification Code: 0653
State Classification Title: Data Analyst iV
Occupational Category: Planning, Research & Statistics
TxDOT is committed to hiring veterans. To assist in determining whether your military experience may pertain to the minimum requirements for this position, Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) codes from each branch of the U.S. Armed Forces have been assigned to each state classification code/title where applicable. The MOS codes are grouped by occupational category.
To view the MOS codes please click on link below and click on the appropriate occupational category.
http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx
General Description
TxDOT’s Strategic Planning Division is looking for a well-organized, self-motivated, data enthusiast to join its performance management team. We champion strategic planning and business process improvement for the department. A key focus of this role will be helping transform data into actionable insights using data visualization software, such as Tableau. Strong candidates will be driven, and passionate about using data to improve public sector performance. Work requires contact with executives, governmental officials, and private entities. May serve as lead worker. Employees at this level perform work independently on assignments: however, all unusual issues are referred to the supervisor.
Duties
The essential duties for this job include:
Performs analytical work in a team or task force setting to identify and solve a variety of problems and to clarify management objectives and options.
Prepares data visualizations and/or reports that effectively convey performance, and signal areas for further interrogation.
Uses established modeling and evaluation processes (creates new ones and/or improves current where applicable) to determine the effectiveness of current activities and identify potential problem areas.
Prepares management reports defining and evaluating problems and recommending solutions, and similar products for executive level and external audiences.
Analyzes information to conceptualize and define operational issues.
Performs other job responsibilities as assigned.
Competencies
The required competencies for this job include:
Statistical compilation practices and techniques, data presentation techniques, and reporting procedures
Operations research/management science analysis methodologies
Analyzing issues, facts and available information to develop logical solutions; researching inconsistencies of facts or data; drawing correct inferences from information and making recommendations that support business decisions
Utilizing applicable software such as Tableu, Microsoft Access, or Microsoft Excel
Evaluating and translating large amounts of data
Presenting, explaining, and exploring research findings and other information in meetings with the public, executives, elected officials, and other external audiences
Communicating complex ideas and information clearly, concisely and effectively
Shows integrity and ethical behavior; respects confidentiality, business ethics and organizational standards
Exercises logic and reasoning to define problems, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions
maintains composure when handling problems, stressful situations, continuous change or unexpected developments
Collaborates and cooperates with others and builds effective working relationships with internal and external members to accomplish organizational goals
Education
This job requires the following:
Bachelor's Degree in a related discipline
Work Experience
This job requires the following:
4 years in strategic planning, financial analysis, data management, operations research, management science, program management, or related experience (Experience can be satisfied by fulltime or prorated part-time equivalent)
Substitution
Related graduate level education may be substituted for experience on a year per year basis.
Conditions of Employment
Conditions for this Position: Standards of Employment
Remarks
You must complete the online State of Texas application to include work experience, education and all information necessary. Your online application and additional information on your resume, if provided, will be reviewed to determine if you meet minimum requirements for the position.
Applicant Information
The Texas Department of Transportation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, and does not tolerate discrimination in the workplace.

Applicant Information

Job postings expire at 11:59 PM Central Standard Time.
