Summary of Duties: The Analytical Consultant will participate in end-to-end customer analytic requirements, which includes identifying data analysis needs, processing and exploring client data, translating business requirements into analytic methods, building analytic models, developing analysis reports, and presenting reports to customers.
Primary responsibilities include:
Develop data quality procedures, assist in quality assurance efforts, the automation of analytic processes, and other duties as assigned;
Develop statistical and analytical applications and presentations for consulting sessions using knowledge of analytical methods and related SAS procedures and products; and
Support data acquisition, validation, and management from incoming data sources.
Qualifications: Position requires a PHD degree or foreign equivalent in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or closely related field. Alternatively, employer will accept a Master’s degree or foreign equivalent in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, or closely related field plus two (2) years of data analysis, analytical modeling, teaching, or related experience.
Position requires experience and/or education in the following skills:
Strong skills with two or more of the following areas: Logistic/Linear Regression, SVMS, Neural Networks/Deep Networks, Boosting/Ensemble methods, decision trees, or clustering;
Solving complex problems using analytical processes and techniques;
Explaining technical concepts in simple terms to business users, or teaching; and
Programming in the SAS system including SAS macro language
Additional Information
Drug free work environment-screening required.
SAS employees performing certain job functions may require access to technology or software subject to export or import regulations. To comply with these regulations, SAS may obtain nationality or citizenship information from applicants for employment. SAS collects this information solely for trade law compliance purposes and does not use it to discriminate unfairly in the hiring process.
SAS is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
