Job Description
LawnStarter is the nation's leading on-demand platform for lawn care, providing over 120 US markets with an easy, Uber-like lawn care experience. We've recently raised a substantial round of growth equity to become the digital one-stop-shop for all outdoor home services.

LawnStarter is looking for an incredibly talented lead data analyst who can help surface powerful insights from the data rich LawnStarter platform.

Responsibilities
Conduct analyses to help shape and inform strategic business decisions.
Query data to conduct analysis of business and model metrics, build tools and queries for others to use, and establish controls around data quality.
Analyze trends and offer strategic and tactical recommendations.
Ensure you capture edge cases while delivering insights to your stakeholders.
Communicate effectively with multiple stakeholders keeping in mind their business needs and identify the core issues they are looking to solve.
Experience creating informative visualizations in Tableau that intuitively display large amounts of data and/or complex relationships.
Develop methodology, sophisticated queries, reporting and visualizations to prove the ROI of each product/feature.
Partner with product & engineering teams to build data-driven Products that deliver real-time actionable insights.
Develop actionable insights and recommendations on the measurement / tracking of KPIs.
Drive analytics best practices across our product and company.
Requirements
5+ years of proven work experience in a technical analytics role working with multiple large data sets.
Expert in MySQL or PostgreSQL with experience creating easy to understand and clear visualizations using data from multiple sources
2+ years of experience and proficiency in advanced web analytics and A/B testing.
Experience communicating complex findings clearly and concisely to a non-technical audience.
Ability to present effectively to both business and technical audiences at all levels of the organization
Passionate about surfacing undiscovered patterns in data and using quantitative analysis to answer complex questions.
Strong background in making sense of large sets of data and delivering actionable insights based on your analyses.
Benefits

We offer great pay, employee equity, and competitive health / vision / dental plans. We're also open to remote for this role.

But the real benefit of this role is you'll be playing a big part in LawnStarter's growth and in accomplishing our mission.
