About the Role
We’re hiring an experienced Data Engineer to join our team and help lead the build-out of our data integration and pipeline processes and tools. You'll be a key contributor on a small distributed team working to build a data pipeline that serves the entire business, from internal employees to external stakeholders like our service providers. Making data-driven decisions is in our company culture -- your work will directly unlock this ability for the whole business.
Spruce is a remote-friendly company headquartered in Austin.
What You Get To Do
Drive the build out of a data pipeline and data warehousing solution
Work with platform and consumer engineers to determine best practices on data modeling, data streaming, and automation
Build systems that serve every team within Spruce as well as external stakeholders
Contribute to the heart of a multi-sided marketplace that is sustainably growing through these crazy times
Who You Are
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics, or similar.
2+ years of experience as a Data Engineer or a similar role (scientist, analyst, etc.)
Direct experience with SQL, data modeling, data warehousing, and ELT pipelines
4+ years of experience in software development, data engineering, data science, business intelligence, or related field
Nice To Haves
Experience architecting distributed systems for data extraction, ingestion, and processing
Snowflake/Looker experience
Contribution to open source projects or the data community at large (data.world, Kaggle, etc.)
Who We Are
Spruce is a venture-backed company that provides Lifestyle Services to residents, such as housekeeping, pet care, laundry, dry cleaning, and more. For $15 or less, residents can have their clean clothes folded, their dishes washed, their bed sheets changed, or their bathroom cleaned. Spruce was founded in 2016 and has scaled rapidly. The Company is currently working with 13 of the top 15 apartment managers in Texas, including Greystar, Lincoln, and Alliance.
Spruce is an equal opportunity employer. In accordance with applicable law, we prohibit discrimination and harassment against employees, applicants for employment, individuals providing services in the workplace pursuant to a contract, unpaid interns and volunteers based on their actual or perceived: race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, age, sexual orientation, Civil Air Patrol status, military and veteran status and any other consideration protected by federal, state or local law.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $95,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Data Engineering: 2 years (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
Company's website:
https://getspruce.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/SpruceCrew
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
