Posted: Jun 11, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200174595
AppleCare Digital is seeking a hardworking and experienced leader to manage a team of data scientists and analytics professionals that provide quantitatively-derived business insights for the overall portfolio of Digital platforms. The manager will lead all aspects of delivery of basic reporting, advanced analytics, machine learning and NLP programs for our Web presence, our On-device capabilities, Support App, Communities, and Social channels.

The manager will work with deep domain experts in their specific areas to identify business insights that drive strategy and operational improvements. This manager will work with other Business Insights managers on our team to synthesize information from primary research, search engine, social listening activities and an India-based analytics team. This manager will work across Digital Support and across AppleCare teams. The team will participate in understanding customer activities, needs and preferences across AppleCare programs. Key partnerships include members of other AppleCare organizations, IS&T, Retail, Engineering, among others.
Key Qualifications
Provide leadership, coaching and guidance for each individual in the Digital Analytics team on business questions to be addressed
Provide technical assistance to team members as needed
Prioritize activities based on Digital business goals
Determine skill sets to build, grow or recruit for the team
Oversee performance and conduct yearly performance reviews, more frequently during weekly 1-1s.
Determine tools and technology needs of the team and work with IS&T partners to deliver
Work across other AppleCare groups to resolve cost implications, deflections or avoidance delivered through Digital programs
Handle budget considerations as needed including travel, vendor relationships and tool subscriptions
Travel domestically and internationally 10% or less.
Description
Minimum of 7 years of management experience leading and developing teams of robust, deep domain specialists. Experience leading teams working on analytics and data science activities. Experience with Digital tools, such as Adobe Analytics, A/B testing tools, Social and Community platforms and processes. Ability to maintain and develop relationships within cross-functional teams. Experience leading international teams is a plus.
Education & Experience
Ph.D or Master’s degree in field related to Analytics, such as Operations Research, Statistics, Econometrics.
