Job Description
We are currently sourcing for a BI Data Analyst/Specialist to work at Client in Westlake, TX.

Senior Business Analyst, Data and Analytics
This is an opportunity to provide your insights and enable Workplace Investments to make the data-driven decisions required to meet their strategic objectives.

Req Notes:
WI in particular supporting Communication Consultants, Sales & Product Analyst, Campaign Analyst, etc (not our normal groups). Manager is wanting someone with good visualization skills, knows their way around data, can query data (SQL) and do reporting (Excel, Tableau). They use SQL, Sequel, Visualization, Tableau must have and like to have Alteryx.

The Expertise Were Looking For
Bachelors or equivalent with 5+ years of experience
In depth knowledge in a variety of analytics techniques including: profiling, data mining, modeling, statistical analysis and campaign measurement
Experience working with data environments and strong knowledge in querying language and/or querying applications (SQL, Alteryx, BRIO)
Strong in MS Office Package usage skill especially MS Excel. Very strong spreadsheet and relational database skills

The Purpose of Your Role
The Senior Business Analyst will report to the Vice President of Business Intelligence and will be responsible for the filling the growing demand for business intelligence across WI.

The Skills You Bring:
You have a passion for leveraging data to drive better business decision-making through statistical, econometric modeling, and technological techniques
You have a deep understanding of analytical techniques and how they can be applied to address particular problem characteristics
You have a strong analytical and problem-solving skills, particularly in the areas of strategy development, business analysis, risks and opportunity assessment
You have a working knowledge of analytic technologies (e.g. Alteryx, SAS, SQL, R, Python, BRIO, Tableau, Adobe Analytics, etc.)
You know how to acquire data from multiple sources/environments and transform it so it can be used for analytics
You have the ability to think on your feet and respond effectively when priorities change.

The Value You Deliver
Developing and delivering analytical data and insights to solve business problems
You enable Workplace Solutions to make objective, informed decisions
You provide opportunities for innovation through analytics capabilities and implementation of new technologies
