The Department of Statistics and Data Sciences at The University of Texas at Austin is seeking applicants for three open-rank faculty positions to begin in Fall 2020.

The successful candidates will be expected to teach undergraduate and graduate statistics and data science courses, have an active research program, supervise graduate students, collaborate with other faculty, and be involved in service to the university and the profession.

The Department of Statistics and Data Sciences currently has 16 tenured and tenure-track faculty in statistics, biostatistics, and machine learning whose associative affiliations encompass biology, business, computer science, medicine, population health, engineering, and mathematics. The department is growing rapidly into a globally recognized center of excellence for research and education in statistical methodology, applied statistics, computationally-intensive statistical methods, and machine learning. The department sits amid one of the most intellectually vibrant universities in the country, with abundant opportunities for interdisciplinary research within the College of Natural Sciences and across the LBJ School of Public Affairs, the McCombs School of Business, Dell Medical School, the Oden Institute for Computational Engineering and Sciences, and many other research entities across the campus. A partnership with the Texas Advanced Computing Center (TACC) provides access to world-class computing resources. The department is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse and pluralistic faculty and staff committed to teaching and working in a multicultural and diverse environment. We are therefore interested in candidates who will contribute to such diversity and equal opportunity in higher education through their teaching, research, and service.

More information about the department is here.

Full consideration will be given to applicants with research interests in any area of statistical applications, theory, or methods and in the emerging field of data science. The minimum qualification is a doctoral degree; strong applicants whose primary degree is not in statistics, machine learning, data science or a related area will also be considered, as long as their research exhibits independence and excellence in one of these areas. Candidates for tenured positions are expected to have an internationally-recognized research program and to have demonstrated a strong commitment to excellence in teaching, mentoring, and service.

All applicants should submit a cover letter, a CV, and a statement of research interests, and should arrange for three letters of support to be provided under separate cover. Applicants should not submit any supplemental material. However, applicants' CVs should include links to a web site (or sites) where all papers and software packages listed on the CV can be downloaded.

Applications will continue to be accepted until the position is filled, but the review of applications will begin on or around November 1, 2019.

Background check will be conducted on applicants selected for the positions.

Questions about the search process should be directed to Professor Peter Mueller (statjobs@austin.utexas.edu), SDS Faculty Search Committee Chair.
