The Data Analyst III reports to the Unit Lead for Forecasting in the Department of Family and Protective Services, Office of Finance. The position performs complex data management and statistical analysis to address tasks assigned to the Forecasting and Predictive Analytics Unit. Work involves detailed manipulation and review of historical, time-series data and the utilization of advanced statistical software to develop forecasts for budget purposes. Works under general supervision, with moderate latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Essential Job Functions:

Develops and maintains forecast deliverable deadlines. Consults with program staff to update understanding of program changes or assumptions. Updates and completes quality assurance of monthly data sets, including reviewing utilization of completion factors, updating workbook formats and identifying data gaps, errors, anomalies, and inconsistencies. Develops concise, comprehensive presentations to facilitate discussions with internal and external stakeholders. (55%)

Provides consultation and assistance to program staff focused on significant changes to the service delivery model. Applies advanced statistical analysis methods to agency data; coordinates statistical analysis and reporting. Utilizes appropriate software and methodology to develop new statistical projections. Projection development includes; time-series projections, model selection, and modification of best models based on program assumptions as necessary. (30%)

Assists the Unit Lead with program collaboration by addressing predictive analytics requests from DFPS program areas that impact agency or program financing. Consults with program staff, and gains an understanding of complex operational goals. Identifies specific user needs, compiles data and interprets data patterns and trends. May develop recommendations to improve collection of data. Provides routine written and verbal status reports on projects. (15%) Knowledge Skills Abilities:

Skill in developing and maintaining complex data sets. Skill in translating large amounts of data. Skill in utilizing security procedures for handling, protecting and distribution confidential data. Skill in using SAS, SPSS, SQL, R, ACCESS, Business Objects or other statistical and database management software. Skill in using EXCEL or other spreadsheet software. Skill in graphical, tabular and geographical presentation of data. Skill in verbal and written communications.

Ability to manage, manipulate, and analyze complex databases. Ability to plan, organize, and conduct data analytic projects. Ability to develop and interpret statistical data charts, maps, and tables. Ability to work in a team and to communicate effectively. Ability to exercise independent judgment and show initiative. Ability to evaluate and interpret policies and policy changes. Ability to prioritize workload with competing deadlines.

Knowledge of statistics and analyzing time-series data sets. Knowledge of scientific research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, geographical concepts and their application to data analytics. Registration or Licensure Requirements:

Experience in data analysis, research, compilation, and/or reporting work. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in data science, business analytics, computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, accounting, finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a related field is generally preferred. Experience and education may be substituted for one another.

Initial Selection Criteria:

Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in data science, business analytics, computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics, economics, or a related field. Related work experience preferred. Additional Information:

Requisition # 451177 MOS Code:

Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information, see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx.

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
