Data Scientist with Active Secret Clearance

Do you want to build your brand by working for a leading consulting firm that drives eminence in the marketplace? Are you interested in leveraging your skills and strategic ideas to improve mission execution? If so, Deloitte could be the place for you! Our GPS Strategy and Analytics team brings deep industry expertise, rigorous analytical capabilities and a pragmatic mindset to help solve our client’s most complex business problems. Join our team, and play a key role in helping to design our clients’ roadmap to the future and help transform the marketplace.
Work you’ll do
The Data Scientist will join a team responsible for developing advanced analytics products; applying data visualization and statistical programming tools to enterprise data to advance and enable the key mission outcomes. In this role, she will support all phases of analytic work product development, from the identification of key business questions, through data collection and ETL, from performing analyses and using a wide range of statistical, machine learning, and applied mathematical techniques to delivery insights to decision-makers. This role requires special attention to the interplay between data and the business processes that produce it and the decision-makers that consume insights.
The team
Analytics & Cognitive
In this age of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence, embracing decision making with clear, data-driven choices that deliver enterprise value in a dynamic business environment.
The Analytics & Cognitive team leverages the power of data, analytics, robotics, science and cognitive technologies to uncover hidden relationships from vast troves of data, generate insights, and inform decision-making. Together with the Strategy practice, our Strategy & Analytics portfolio helps clients transform their business by architecting organizational intelligence programs and differentiated strategies to win in their chosen markets.

Analytics & Cognitive will work with our clients to:
Qualifications
Required Skills:
Bachelors degree
2+ relevant experience within data science or analysis
Experience with programming languages such as Python, R, and VBA; and query languages such as SQL
Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau, Qlik, PowerBI, d3.js and other web application technologies, or equivalent
Experience with SQL and NoSQL database technologies such as SQL Server, Oracle SQL
Proficiency with data extraction, transformation, and loading to support advanced analytics
Experience with a wide range of analytics techniques, such as statistics, machine learning, natural language processing, optimization, simulation, or closely related techniques
Strong strategic communication skills to include presenting quantitative concepts in easy to understand formats and actively listening to identify business problems and their causes
A curious, questioning attitude that leads them to look past superficial appearances to find deeper problems, insights, and solutions
Thrives in fast-paced work environment with multiple stakeholders
High-performing team player who believes that cross-functional teams are greater than the sum of its parts
Must be able to obtain/maintain a minimum of a Secret clearance
Hold an active Secret security clearance
Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future.
Travel up to 5% (While 5% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice.)
Desired Skills:
Experience leveraging data analysis to construct strategic narratives
Familiarity with cloud computing technology, especially Microsoft Azure
Familiarity with Agile project management principles
Confidence to drive assignments to completion
Eagerness to learn and develop


How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, our professional development plan focuses on helping people at every level of their career to identify and use their strengths to do their best work every day. From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to help sharpen skills in addition to hands-on experience in the global, fast-changing business world. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs at Deloitte University, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career. Explore Deloitte University, The Leadership Center.
Benefits
At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.
Deloitte’s culture
Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about Life at Deloitte.
Corporate citizenship
Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities. We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.
Recruiter tips
We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared and confident. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research: know some background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte professionals.

As used in this posting, “Deloitte” means Deloitte Consulting LLP, a subsidiary of Deloitte LLP. Please see www.deloitte.com/us/about for a detailed description of the legal structure of Deloitte LLP and its subsidiaries. Certain services may not be available to attest clients under the rules and regulations of public accounting.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

Requisition code: E21AUSSRCSA1001-AC
