Description Job Title: Data Scientist Location: Austin, Texas Required Security Clearance: Top Secret or above Required Education: Desired not required: BA/BS or MA/MS in a technical field such as mathematics, engineering, or computer science (6 years of work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's degree) Description: The Mid-Level Data Scientist are responsible for analyzing, interpreting, and extracting data using IT techniques to support decision-making. This role works with customers to understand changing requirements and recommends solutions based on quantitative analysis. Responsibilities include working independently and collaboratively on a team to develop data models and solutions. This role compiles and reviews data, often disparate and inconsistent, to address complex intelligence issues or problems for the customers. This role requires constructing and performing complex statistical, mathematical, and data analysis independently or in partnership with other data scientists or analysts. This role provides recommendations for the development of tools and applications that improve process effectiveness and efficiency. Experience and Qualifications: • Experience supporting complex data science and analytic projects • Experience/knowledge of computer science concepts including programming, statistics, data architecture, and data analytics • Experience with quantitative and qualitative content analytics • Excellent reading comprehension skills • Detail-oriented with a proficiency for researching, analyzing, and prioritizing intelligence reports and cables • Ability to work with IC tools and databases • Strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills • Excellent attention to detail and ability to accurately follow SOPs • Ability to work shift work/extended hours • Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well both independently and in a team environment Preferred Skills and Education: • Experience in modern machine learning, AI, biometrics, social network analysis, or geospatial analysis • Experience/knowledge of link analysis tools (e.g. Palantir, i2 Analyst's Notebook) • Experience with cloud architectures including AWS • Experience with distributed computing and storage technologies Working Conditions: Work is typically based in a busy office environment and subject to frequent interruptions. Business work hours are normally set from Monday through Friday 8:00am to 5:00pm, however some extended or weekend hours may be required. Additional details on the precise hours will be informed to the candidate from the Program Manager/Hiring Manager. Physical Requirements: Office work. Employment Type: Full-time Benefits: Federal Data Systems, LLC offers competitive compensation, a flexible benefits package, career development opportunities that reflect its commitment to creating a diverse and supportive workplace. Benefits include, not all inclusive - Medical, Vision & Dental Insurance, Flex-Spending Account, Paid Time-Off & Company Paid Holidays,401K, Short and Long-Term Disability, Personal Development & Learning Opportunities, Technical Training Assistance, and Tuition Reimbursement, etc Other: This employer participates in E-Verify and will provide the federal government with your Form I-9 information to confirm that you are authorized to work in the U.S. Federal Data Systems, LLC (FEDDATA) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. That does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.
