Job Title: Scientist III, Bioinformatics
Requisition ID: 120986BR

Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them.

Location/Division Specific Information
Genetic Services: AgriBusiness,
Location: Austin TX

How will you make an impact?
Thermo Fisher Scientific is a leader in promoting global health. As part of that mission, we are seeking a Bioinformatics Scientist to contribute towards the targeted genotyping by sequencing (tGBS) projects that support plant and animal breeding applications. As a member of our team, you will design genotyping panels for massively multiplexed amplification and targeted sequencing of specific variations of interest in the plant and animal genomes. You will be involved in the development new pipelines and algorithms for the custom panel design and tGBS data analysis.

The scientist in this role will develop the diagnostics assays for infectious diseases of animals using real-time PCR and CE sequencing. She or he will analyze microbial genomes, including bacteria, fungal, virus, and protozoan and propose strategies for diagnostic assay development. This individual will work with an interdisciplinary team of scientists and business leaders to develop the next-generation sequencing and qPCR based molecular biology products for agriculture.

What will you do?
Provide bioinformatics support for tGBS projects related to trait selection for plant and animal breeding
Design highly multiplexed oligos for tGBS applications
Design qPCR and CE sequencing oligos for diagnostics and Research Use Only (RUO) applications
Establish and maintain local databases for housing data and metadata related to tGBS projects
Utilize existing pipelines for targeted sequencing panel design and develop new pipelines related to identifying genome-wide patterns of genetic variation in plants and animals
Develop automated pipelines for next-generation sequencing data analysis including variant calling
Work with resident biologists to improve targeted sequencing panels based on customer requirements
Effectively communicate results of computational analyses to biologists and others unfamiliar with bioinformatics tools
Support bioinformatics for microbial detection projects
How will you get here?
EDUCATION:
Masters Degree in bioinformatics, molecular biology, statistics or related field with 2+ years related experience, or Ph.D.in bioinformatics, molecular biology, statistics or related field.

EXPERIENCE:
Proficient in Linux/Unix work environment.
Demonstrated expertise in a scripting language (Perl or Python).
Demonstrated expertise in statistical programming (R, SAS).
Relational database experience (MySQL, Oracle).
Experience in next-generation sequencing analysis.
Expertise with comparative genomics tools (BLAST, multiple alignment, phylogenetic analysis).
Previous experience with variant calling (SNPs/indels) from next-generation sequencing data is highly desirable.
Previous experience with whole genome genotyping, GWAS or QTL studies is highly desirable.
Previous experience with analysis/annotation of plant and/or animal genomes is highly desirable.
Primer design experience highly desirable.
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities
Ability to communicate the results of bioinformatics analyses in oral presentations and written reports.
Self-motivated and independent and with the ability to manage time among several projects related to microbial detection.
Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
