Company Description

We were founded in 2010. Our principal business is design and distribution of outstanding children's toys. Toy division's mission is to build capability and confidence in children. We have, depending on how you count, 5 employees. We do a lot more than sell toys and we have big dreams to build an amazing company that everyone can be proud to be part of. We have been profitable since 2013 (letting you know our financial stability in this covid era).

Job description
Inventory Forecasting

- Spreadsheet creation and analysis

- Payments

- Managing bookkeeper

- Accounting (experience not required)

- Negotiation for discounts with vendors

- Data and math analysis of sections of our business

- Cash forecasting

Pay

- Negotiable

Traits needed

- You must be excellent on a computer

- You must have spreadsheet skills. If you don't love spreadsheets, this ain't the job for you

- You have to be good at problem solving

- You need to be able to do math well

Location

- You can work from home, but periodically you will be asked to travel to either Austin, TX or our warehouse in Canton, TX. You should live in Texas or nearby to make that easy.

How to Apply

- Apply online with Indeed only. Don't contact me any other way.
Include a short cover letter and tell me why you would be good at this job and why you are applying.

Company Culture
Save Money
Get Better Every Day
No Bullshit
Meritocracy

Other info
The CEO is an ENTJ (I'm kind of impatient and I have HIGH standards)

- Our business looks like it's a simple toy business, but there's a lot more going on under the hood. We sell digital products as well and we've got some very big dreams that we want you to be part of : ) Don't sleep on us if you're ambitious.

- There is a chance that you'll do work for my second company called Edison

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Location:
Fully Remote
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.viahart.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/viahart
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
