ABOUT THIS POSITION

We're looking for a Marketing Analytics Manager to develop strategies for effective data planning, tools, analysis, and reporting for the Aceable Marketing and Sales & Business Development teams. You will be responsible for planning and building key business reports and automating processes to translate raw data into valuable business insights. This role will help structure how the organization thinks about performance, both short term and long term, in partnership with the marketing channel leaders and Sales & Business Development team. This person will play a critical role in leveraging data and insights to help make the right decisions. This role will report to the Director of Analytics & Data Architecture.

ABOUT ACEABLE

Aceable is a mobile education platform that focuses on creating affordable, engaging, and convenient online courses available across all of your mobile devices. Built by former teachers, NASA engineers, and those passionate about education, the Austin-based team is obsessed with helping people reach life goals and milestones through online certification.

After launching its first mobile app to provide accredited driver's ed courses, Aceable expanded into real estate education and is quickly becoming one of the leading online real estate schools in the U.S. To date, Aceable touts more than 20 million students and counting. The team is proud of the hundred thousand plus students we're adding to the Aceable family per month. We're only getting started and we need your help to get us to our vision of millions of students per month.

Winner of the Austin Chamber of Commerce's Austin A-List for the Hottest Growing Startup in 2017 and awarded as one of the Best Places to Work in Austin for multiple years running by numerous entities, such as the Austin Business Journal, BuiltInAustin, and EqualOcean. Aceable fosters a creative, collaborative, and diverse culture whose overall mission is to impact as many student-lives as possible.

ABOUT THE ANALYTICS TEAM

At Aceable, you will have the opportunity to join a passionate, bright, and driven team that will help lay the groundwork for our data architecture and build the analytics function. We value analytics professionals who are curious, organized, motivated, and can find beauty in chaos. Our goal is to not only grow the business but help each other develop personally and professionally.

WHAT YOU'LL DO
Manage analytics projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will inform strategic decision making and uncover optimization opportunities.
Coordinate with marketing stakeholders to meet existing needs, while proactively seeking out opportunities to provide innovative solutions.
Build and maintain data models, reporting systems, data automation, dashboards, and performance metrics that support key business decisions.
Be a subject matter expert in all marketing analytics areas, including tracking, tagging, attribution, subchannel structures, and performance monitoring.
Proactively identify and experiment with areas of opportunity to provide further analytical insights for all marketing stakeholders.
Identify opportunities to use data to optimize marketing tactics through automated processes and workflows.
Manage and optimize processes for data ingestion, validation, and engineering, and identify risks in existing processes and recommend controls/governance.
Oversee the analytics request process, tracking submitted requests, prioritizations, approvals, etc.
Communicate results and business impact of insights and initiatives to stakeholders within and outside of the organization.
Train team members on marketing data models and reporting, and provide training to external business partners whenever necessary.
Prepare timely and accurate reports on full-funnel measurement and attribution.
Keep in touch with current industry news and trends.
WHAT YOU'LL NEED
Experience with web analytics tools like Segment, Snowplow, etc.
Expert in SQL and experience with cloud data warehouses (e.g. Redshift, Snowflake, BigQuery).
Knowledge of marketing measurement and attribution, paid, owned and earned channels
Strong communication skills and the ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences.
Mastery in data visualization tools like Looker, Mode, Tableau, etc.
Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
Experience transforming data to build impactful dashboards to inform decision making.
Excellent interpersonal skills in both written and verbal communication.
Ability to prioritize competing tasks based on business needs and impact.
Superior documentation and organizational skills.
Extreme attention to detail and commitment to data accuracy and integrity.
Experience with marketing tools such as Google Analytics, Google Ads, Iterable, etc.
BONUS POINTS
Understanding of and experience using analytical concepts and statistical modeling/techniques: GLM multiple regression, logistic regression, designing tests/experiments, and developing actionable recommendations.
Experience with AWS services such as Lambda, EC2, Cloudfront, S3, etc.
Experience with statistical tools such as SAS, Stata, R, etc.
Experience creating custom data visualizations using Javascript (e.g. D3).
Familiarity with machine learning.
Marketing background or experience in marketing areas like Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Search Engine Marketing (SEM), Pay Per Click (PPC), Paid Social, Email Marketing, or Conversion Rate Optimization (CRO).
ACEABLE PERKS
Join one of Austin's Best Places to Work in 2020
Competitive pay and benefits
Generous time off programs
Flexible work schedule
Passionate, high-achieving teammates excited to help you succeed and learn
Our own space on the top floor of a downtown building
A team meal every week
Fully stocked drink fridges and snacks + cold brew coffee on tap
Company events & activities (Holiday events, happy hours, quarterly volunteering)
Free parking spot downtown in our garage 24/7 or a monthly transportation stipend
Education stipend ($500/year/employee)
NOTE: Our team is currently remote due to Covid-19 and we have some awesome virtual perks that come with it (trivia, karaoke, bingo, happy hours, lunch & learns, and more)
At Aceable we celebrate and support all differences. Aceable is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital, disability, and veteran status.
