We’re developing next generation software and hardware leveraging state-of-the-art real-time computer vision and machine learning. We’re looking for an experienced computer vision engineer and research scientist fluent in Python and/or C/C++. Experience working with modern computer vision libraries and machine vision frameworks is a must! A significant part of this role will involve developing, training, validating and deploying computer vision models for real-time image and video processing, and there will be opportunities to work on a diversity of awesome projects!

We have a great team, and offer a 100% remote working environment - work wherever you want within the U.S.! Please note that we can only hire U.S. permanent residents and citizens. Great pay and benefits, an inspired team, and awesome cutting-edge projects.

Minimum requirements:

Must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident and Reside in the USA (anywhere you want in the USA, 100% remote)

Fluency in Python, C/C++

Experience with modern machine learning frameworks (e.g. Tensorflow, Keras, Torch, etc.)

Experience developing Computer Vision libraries, models and applications

The ability to rapidly translate research into development and production code

Passion for creating great software, learning, teaching, teamwork

Enjoy wearing many hats while working on a diverse set of exciting projects

PhD in Computer Vision and/or Machine Learning, Computer Science, Physics, Engineering or related field

Nice to have:

Experience with Three.js, JavaScript and other web technologies

Docker, Docker Machine and Docker Swarm

Experience with small embedded hardware boards (e.g. Raspberry Pi, Nvidia Jetson, etc.)

What we offer:

First and foremost, a great team

Truly state-of-the-art projects

401k matching

Competitive salary

Healthcare

Fitness/Gym stipend

Flexible hours and paid holidays

100% remote working

Send us your CV, some relevant publications, GitHub and let’s talk!

Please include the phrase "I am a US Citizen/Permanent Resident" in your reply.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $80,000.00 - $100,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Retirement Plan
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Experience:
software development: 2 years (Preferred)
computer vision: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Master's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
This Job Is:
A job for which military experienced candidates are encouraged to apply
Company's website:
www.synthetik-technologies.com
