Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with annual revenue exceeding $25 billion. Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. Whether our customers are accelerating life sciences research, solving complex analytical challenges, improving patient diagnostics and therapies or increasing productivity in their laboratories, we are here to support them.

Location/Division Specific Information:
Austin, Texas
Genetic Sciences Division
How will you make an impact?
You will work on global IVD projects from ground floor development stage. You will use your strong experimental skills, broad understanding of molecular biology and/or biotechnology, and an understanding of regulated product development (CE-IVD or US IVD) to take products from conceptualization to validation. You will collaborate with R&D, Software, Product Managers, Manufacturing and external partners.

What will you do?
Apply technical knowledge to develop kits, reagents, and instruments for nucleic acid purification from various sample types or for specific molecular diagnostic targets
Conduct experiments to evaluate performance of specific products
Contribute as a team member to meet pre-defined goals
Modify and execute experimental procedures to address specific study questions
Develop a hypothesis and design specific experiments to test the hypothesis with limited guidance
Analyze of data derived from specific experiments or studies and present results
Have general textbook knowledge of Molecular Biology
Maintain accurate and detailed lab notebooks and/or appropriate documentation to enable other scientists to reproduce results
May assist in preparing material for manuals, scientific publications, or patents
Prepare regular reports documenting experimental results
Presents research data and conclusions in 10-30 minute sessions
Ability to read a scientific paper, reproduce the experiments and report the results
Exercise independent judgment when executing defined procedures, laboratory methods and techniques
Recognize when deviation from set procedures is necessary and document those appropriately
How will you get here?
Education/Experience:
Bachelors or Masters degree in Biological Science, chemistry, biochemistry, biomedical engineering or related field.
At least 3-5 years laboratory experience in either academic or industry setting. Industrial experience in product development environment a plus. Regulated background experience a plus.
Strong laboratory and technical hands on skills required:
Pipet and perform procedures in a reproducible manner
Perform dilution series to create a standard curve
Perform lab calculations needed to make solutions from powder or from stock solutions and able to make the buffers and from recipes
Operate basic lab equipment such as computers, centrifuges, UV light box and camera, quantitation instruments, Bioanalyzers, PCR and qPCR instruments, plate reader, etc.
Routine experience with most common molecular techniques such as nucleic acid isolation, PCR, RT-PCR, etc.
Level of comfort with complex biological instrumentation such as microtomes, homogenizers and basic liquid handlers
Familiarity with next-generation technologies such as library prep, sequencing, digital PCR. Working experience a plus.
Experience with automated nucleic acid purification
Experience working with BSL2 sample types
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities:
Strong theoretical understanding of laboratory procedures
Working knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet programs, powerpoint, e-mail and search engines.
Creative and innovative
Good writing & presentation skills
Strong documentation and organizational skills
Works well in a team setting
Strong multi-tasking skills
Shows initiative by taking on new tasks, beyond what is generally expected
Inspires and co-ordinates people to achieve specific goals
Generates ideas to improve current processes
Sets example by demonstrating excellence
Demonstrates leadership qualities
Help coordinate tasks within the team
Our global team of more than 75,000 colleagues delivers an unrivaled combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and pharmaceutical services through our industry-leading brands, including Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific, Unity Lab Services and Patheon. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.

Thermo Fisher Scientific is an EEO/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status.
