POSITION SUMMARY

Natera is currently seeking a Clinical Data (Data Entry) Operator for swing shift to join the operations team. This position accessions patient samples according to standard operating procedures (SOP) with high efficiency and accuracy.

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES
Create new orders on Laboratory Inventory Management System (LIMS) and perform necessary checks to ensure proper accessioning.
Accession samples with high accuracy and efficiency.
Accurately enter patient data into the Laboratory Inventory Management System (LIMS).
Ensure that the information in LIMS is up-to-date.
Scan test requisition forms and attached paperwork. Ensure that all paperwork belong to patient and upload to case.
Protect patient health information (PHI) at all times to ensure compliance with HIPAA and privacy policies.
Perform safe and proper handling of samples (blood, buccal, and tissue).
Maintain tidiness of workstations and lab.
Maintain familiarity with standard operating procedures (SOP) and quality standards determined by the clinical laboratory.
Perform safe and proper handling of tools provided to open packages and kit boxes.
Sort packages at the dock upon arrival of packages and bring packages up to the lab.
This role works with PHI on a regular basis both in paper and electronic form and have an access to various technologies to access PHI (paper and electronic) in order to perform the job.
Employee must complete training relating to HIPAA/PHI privacy, General Policies and Procedure Compliance training and security training as soon as possible but not later than the first 30 days of hire.
Must maintain a current status on Natera training requirements.
Employee must pass post offer criminal background check.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS
High School Diploma (or equivalent) required.
0 - 1 year of industry related experience.
Previous computer experience is required.
Previous data entry experience is preferred
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Trained on all product types and able to accession with accuracy and efficiency.
Typing speed of at least 45wpm with high accuracy.
Good oral and written communication skills.
Effective critical thinking skills and the ability to use good judgment.
Ability to perform required duties with a high degree of accuracy and attention to detail.
Positive attitude and ability to work well with others.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT

Duties performed in a BSL-2 lab.
Standing or sitting for long periods of time may be necessary.
Flexibility to work overtime.
Schedule working Saturdays.
Ability to lift up to 25 lbs.

OUR OPPORTUNITY

Driven by the passion for elevating the science and utility of genetic testing, Natera is committed to helping families identify and manage genetic diseases. Natera is a rapidly-growing diagnostics company with proprietary bioinformatics and molecular technology for analyzing DNA. Our complex technology has been proven clinically and commercially in the prenatal testing space and we are actively researching its applications in the liquid biopsy space for developing products with oncology applications.

The Natera team consists of highly dedicated statisticians, geneticists, doctors, laboratory scientists, business professionals, software engineers and many other professionals from world-class institutions, who care deeply for our work and each other. When you join Natera, youll work hard and grow quickly. Working alongside the elite of the industry, youll be stretched and challenged, and take pride in being part of a company that is changing the landscape of genetic disease management.

WHAT WE OFFER

Competitive Benefits. Generous Employee Referral program. Healthy catered lunches 3 times per week, and premium snacks! Additionally, we offer complimentary premium coffee drinks and teas, and other beverages.

For more information, visit www.natera.com.

Natera is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to ensuring a diverse and inclusive workplace environment, and welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Inclusive collaboration benefits our employees, our community and our patients, and is critical to our mission of changing the management of disease worldwide.

All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply, and will be considered without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with applicable laws.
