Hi All,

I hope all is well. My name is Neeraj Harsh. I am a Technical Recruiter with Avacend Inc. I thought you might be interested in the following opportunity. If you're available for an opportunity or keeping your options open, please reply to my email with your resume. Looking forward to speaking with you soon.

The following is the job description that we received from our client

Position : RM - Data Management Practitioner (8966938)

Start Date: 3/25/19

Duration: 0-12 month(s)

End Date: 3/24/20

LOCATION: AUSTIN TX 78749 Low

Description: OVERALL PURPOSE OF JOB

Understand client requirements and build ETL solution using Alteryx jobs to perform all business rules. Build solution is such way that which can absorb clients change request very easily. Find innovative ways to accomplish tasks and handle multiple projects simultaneously and independently. Works with Data & appropriate teams to effectively source required data. Effectively communicate the findings to business stakeholders and clients.

Responsibilities/Authorities/Main accountabilities:
Experience in Data Extraction, Transforming and Loading (ETL) between Homogenous and Heterogeneous system using SQL tools (Talend /Alteryx).
Complex Data blending with Alteryx tool Extracting data from the source system (database, files , SFDC etc ) Developing and proper testing of Alteryx workflow Extending Alteryx workflow by writing macros Automation of Alteryx workflow using scheduler Embedding reports through Alteryx Output Deploying and Sharing Apps through Gallery Exposure on development/staging/production environments.
Skills Required:
Bachelors' degree in Engineering or Science or equivalent graduates with at least 7-8 years of overall experience.
Minimum 4 years of experience developing ETL Solutions using tools like Talend, Alteryx, SQL etc.
Strong data extraction & SQL query skills, Strong understanding of database design technique and dimension modelling.
Strong understanding of Data integration.
Strong Analytical and problem solving skills Ability to design database to store huge data with proper index and key combination to provide speedy delivery of data to clients/end users Ability and willingness to acquire knowledge about the new technologies, good analytical and interpersonal skills with ability to interact with individuals at all levels.


Hours: 8:00am to 5:00pm

Skill Required – Talend (most preferred) , SQL
Additional Job Details:

Local Candidates only Prefer GC or US Citizens but will evaluate H1B Visa

Primary Skill SQL (Structured Query Language)

Location: AUSTIN TX 78749 Low

If you are interested, please contact us with your most updated resume at 770.702.0134 or reply via this email.

We hope to hear from you soon.

Thank you again for your time and attention!

Have a wonderful day.

Thank You,

Email me with your most update resume - neeraj.h@avacend.com

Neeraj Harsh

Lead Recruiter

Avacend Inc

3155 North Point Pkwy Bldg. G

Suite 130, Alpharetta GA 30005

Phone: 770-702-0137

Required Skills

Required Experience

Job Location
Austin, US-TX
