Position Sr Snowflake Data Engineer Job Description The position requires the candidate to perform data engineering tasks using Snowflake on AWS. Multidisciplinary work supporting data pipelines, data warehouses and develop data movements using Snowflake capabilities like Snow SQL, Tasks, Streams and stored procedures. Much of the work with be performed remotely working with others on the team who are working remotely and connecting using collaboration tools such as Microsoft Teams andor Zoom. This is a minimum of a four-month engagement with possible extensions. Fun Things You Will Do Be an active member of an EDW team focused in building best in class data solution on a large data warehouse and analytics project Effectively communicate objectives, plans, status, issues and risks in a timely manner to team members, stakeholders and management. Work with analysts, developers and management to scope projects, and ensure designs are implemented and tested to specifications. Create solutions utilizing industry-standard dimensional models and data architecture to support business users that include data scientists, analysts and non-technical functional users Communicates clearly in a timely manner in both verbal and written communication with other Software Database Development Engineers. Collaborate with business analysts, subject matter experts, and other team members to determine data extraction and transformation requirements. Technical Skills Architect, design and implement data solutions using Snowflake as a cloud service (virtual warehouses, staging etc). Experience with optimizing security models around data access and authorization with Snowflake Cloud DW and AWS In depth knowledge of Snowflake architecture to create performance tuning and optimized data pipelines, query and storage solutions. Hands-on experience with Snowflake utilities such as SnowSQL, SnowPipe, Python, Tasks, Streams, Time travel, Optimizer, Metadata Manager, data sharing and stored procedures. Understanding relational and big data models to both store and access data from data visualization and other query tools. A total of 4+ years relevant experience in a multi-platform environment, including, but not limited to database development. Knowledge and experience in a data warehouse environment with knowledge of data architecture patterns. Experience with Jira and source control environments like Git, GitHub etc. Minimum 7 years of experience in developing software applications including analysis, design, coding, testing, deploying and supporting of applications. EtiVenture is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, age, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran status, or any other classification protected by applicable law. EtiVenture will not tolerate harassment or discrimination based on any of these protected classifications.
