186255 - Scientist III (Molecular Biology)
Industry
ENG
Region
TX-Texas
City
Austin
State
TX

Rate
$DOE
Duration
12 mos
Description
Chipton-Ross is seeking a Scientist III (Molecular Biology) for an opening in Austin, TX.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Will work in a fast-paced environment and contribute as a team member to meet pre-defined goals . Will apply technical knowledge to develop kits/reagents/instruments for nucleic acid purification from various sample types, which include FFPE, blood, plasma, cells and tissues . Will conduct experiments in molecular biology laboratories (including a BSL2 lab) on a continuous basis. Perform sample extraction on automated instruments and all the quantitation testing using various analytical tools. Develop a hypothesis and then design the necessary set of experiments to test the hypothesis with limited guidance. Maintain accurate and detailed lab notebooks and appropriate documentation based on the scientific method enabling other scientists to reproduce their experiments. Analyze the data derived and explain the outcome of their experiments. Prepare regular reports documenting experiments and present research data to a broader team. Able to exercise independent judgment within generally defined procedures, laboratory methods and techniques.

REQUIREMENTS:
Strong laboratory and technical hands on skills required: Pipet and perform procedures reproducibly
Prepare solutions routinely from either powder or stock solutions following formulations. Operate most basic lab equipment such as computers, centrifuges, UV light box and camera, quantitation instruments, Agilent Bioanalyzer, PCR and qPCR instruments, plate reader
Routine experience with most common molecular procedures such as nucleic acid isolation, PCR, RT-PCR Level of comfort with complex biological instrumentation such as microtomes and homogenizers (preferred but not required). Familiarity with next-generation technologies such as library prep, sequencing, digital PCR. Hands-on experience is a plus. Experience with nucleic acid purification automation. Experience working with BSL2 sample types. Familiar with basic Microsoft tools including Word, Excel, and Powerpoint. Creative and innovative. Good writing & presentation skills. Strong documentation and organizational skills. Strong multi-tasking skills. Works well in a team setting, help coordinate tasks within the team, inspires and co-ordinates people to achieve specific goals. Shows initiative by taking on new tasks, beyond what is generally expected. At least 3-5 years laboratory experience in either academic or industry setting. Industrial experience in product development is preferred. Experience in regulated background is a plus.

EDUCATION:
Accredited Bachelors or Masters degree in Biological Science, chemistry, biochemistry, biomedical engineering or related field.

WORK HOURS:
Full-Time
Hours: regular 8hr day shift (Monday – Friday)

Employment will be contingent on clearing a drug screen and background check. Both must clear prior to start date.

Contact

Tyler Harrell
tharrell@chiptonross.com
CHIPTON-ROSS, INC.
420 Culver Boulevard
Playa Del Rey, CA 90293

Phone: (310) 414-7800 x307 or (800) 927-9318 x307
