Jr. Data Engineer Austin, TX IPT's Technology Solutions Team is passionate about providing our customers with technical solutions that satisfy their business needs. Through collaborative interactions with customers, team members, subject matter experts (SMEs), technical leaders, and partners we design practical solutions that solve real problems for major government and business organizations. As a member of our Technology Solutions group, you will work with a team of technologists focused on delivering innovative business solutions using emerging technologies through proven successful methods. Our Team: We are looking for talented people who are enthusiastic about applying technology to deliver innovative outcomes with "fierce determination, fearless integrity, and passionate service." Our belief is that our people are the key to success. By encouraging and enabling continued learning, our team members grow to achieve their personal career goals. We are looking for: * Smart people with a passion for technology * Ability to solve challenging business problems * Self-directed professionals * Hunger to continually learn and grow Responsibilities: * Work with application and data science teams to support development of custom data solutions * Support the database design, development, implementation, information storage and retrieval, data flow and analysis activities * Translate a set of requirements and data into a usable database schema by creating or recreating ad hoc queries, scripts and macros, updates existing queries, creates new ones to manipulate data into a master file * Support development of databases, database parser software, database loading software, and database structures that fit into the overall architecture of the system under development Requirements: * Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or other Scientific/Technical discipline and 3 years of related work experience * Be capable of supporting rapid iterations of feature engineering with the development of coding solutions to enrich existing data sets * Experience with traditional, modern, and cloud native database solutions * Must meet IAT-I requirements as specified in DoD 8570.01-M (A+, Network +, etc.) * Active Secret clearance This job posting sets forth the authorities and responsibilities of this position, which may be changed from time to time as shall be determined. IPT Associates, LLC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all qualified employees and applicants for employment. The Company does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, status as a veteran or disabled veteran or any other characteristic protected by law. We base all employment decisions, including recruitment, selection, training, compensation, benefits, discipline, promotions, transfers, lay-offs, returns from lay-off, terminations, and social and recreational programs on the principles of equal employment opportunity. Our employees have diverse backgrounds, skills, and ideas that collectively contribute to a rich working environment and greater opportunity for innovation. #LI-NP1 #clearance #dice
