Requisition Number: 69506
Company Name: DRG Inc
Service Line: 1UVM - DRG Utility Vegetation Management
Employment Type: Regular
Job Type: Full Time
Education Level Required: Bachelors
Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years
Relocation Available: [[relocation]]
Travel Expectations: Up to 25%

DAVEY RESOURCE GROUP, a Division of The Davey Tree Expert Company, has opportunities as an Information Technology Programmer. Davey is a leader in the tree care, utility line clearing and forestry consulting industries, throughout the US and Canada.

DUTIES: The Data Scientist collects and analyzes statistics and information from multiple sources to spot trends and to gain maximum insight that can give the company a competitive advantage, and communicates informed conclusions and recommendations across an organization's leadership structure. Strategizes and identifies unique opportunities to locate and collect new data, explores and mines data from many angles, and determines what it means. Communicates data findings to both business and IT leaders to influence how an organization approaches and meets business challenges of an evolving customer base and changing marketplace, using strong business acumen. Finds and recommends new uses for existing data sources; designs, modifies, and builds new data processes; and builds large, complex data sets.

TYPICAL FUNCTIONS:

● Conducts statistical modeling and experiment design, and tests and validates predictive models.

● Builds web prototypes and performs data visualization.

● Conducts scalable data research on and off the cloud.

● Develops customized algorithms to solve analytical problems with incomplete data sets, and implements automated processes for efficiently producing scale models. ● Collaborates with database engineers and other scientists to develop, refine, and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows,

best practices, and other issues.

● Implements new or enhanced software designed to access and handle data more efficiently.

● Trains the data management team on new or updated procedures.

● Writes and implements quality procedures.

EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATIONS

● Four year degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related discipline or an equivalent combination of education and experience in a similar position

● Strong skills and capabilities in at least one of the following areas of expertise:

○ Probability and Statistics

○ Programming experience with Python, R, SQL

○ Data Wrangling and Database Management

○ Ability to provide Data Visualizations, Reports and Conclusion analysis, as well as effective communication and presentations

○ Experience with Machine Learning / Deep Learning is a plus

● Technical certification and licensing as required

● Understanding of GIT and Source Control practices is a plus

● Knowledge of Geographic Information Systems concepts is a plus

● Interacting with RESTful APIs are a strong plus

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: Full time position. Compensation based on qualifications and experience. DRG offers competitive wages, excellent benefits and full-time position includes the option to buy company stock after one year. Access to industry related training materials and Davey Extension Courses. Pre-employment Drug Screen and Social Security verification required. The Davey Tree Expert Company and Davey Resource Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Davey ss Employee Owned. Military Veterans are encouraged to apply.

The Davey Tree Expert Company has U.S. and Canadian operations in more than 47 states and five provinces and provides a variety of tree care, grounds maintenance and consulting services for the residential, utility, commercial, and government markets. Founded in 1880, Davey has been employee-owned for 35 years and has more than 8,000 employees who provide Proven Solutions for a Growing World. For more information, visit www.davey.com

If you need any assistance at any time please contact us at 1-800-445-8733 ext. 1108 or at ed.help@davey.com.
