At Ethoca, you’re applying for much more than a job. Where else are you going to get the opportunity to work with the most committed group of ecommerce business and technology innovators who are transforming the industry? And we’re winning the awards to prove it.

We want the bold. We demand the best. And, we’re committed to giving you the opportunity to make the contribution only you can make. Ethoca is a place where risk-takers thrive, thought leaders excel and challengers make us better.

At Ethoca, we believe that ecommerce should be about one thing: commerce. Fraud and chargebacks disrupt the payments ecosystem and prevent merchants and card issuing banks from focusing on what really matters – increasing sales and creating a great customer experience. Thankfully, our suite of services changes all that.

The successful candidate can be based in Austin, St. Louis or Toronto.

The Position:

Ethoca is seeking a Lead Data Engineer, Cloud to join our team in Toronto to drive Azure cloud enablement and explore big data solutions within our technology landscape. The role is visible and critical as part of a high performing team – it will appeal to you if you have an effective combination of domain knowledge, relevant experience and the ability to execute on the details.

You will bring cutting edge software and full stack development skills with advanced knowledge of cloud and data lake experience while working with massive data volume. You will own this – our teams are small, agile and focused on the needs of the high growth fintech marketplace. You will be working across functional teams within Ethoca and Mastercard to deliver on the cloud strategy.

We are committed in making our systems resilient and responsive yet easily maintainable on premise and on cloud.

Your Challenge:

Own the development of ETL/ELT, data movement, streaming and non-streaming data with a solid background in development of reports/dashboards, applications, services, user interfaces while maintaining and scaling existing solutions.

Existing solutions are built on data that resides in the SAP HANA data warehouse, we expect the successful candidate will always pay attention to detail: configuration, maintenance, security and reliability of data and Data Services in the different environments as we build out a state-of-the-art analytics foundation (on premise and on cloud).

Qualifications:
Tenured in the fields of Computer Science/Engineering or Software Engineering
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field including programming
Experience with cloud infrastructure management and automation (preferably Azure)
Experience with software development and configuration automation is a must have
Expertise in designing, analyzing, and troubleshooting large-scale systems
Capability to debug, optimize code, and automate routine tasks
Extensive experience in Machine Learning
Hands-on experience with building data lake solutions, streaming analytics solutions and code development across environments (i.e. DevOps)
Here’s what sets you apart:
5+ years of data warehousing/data lake development experience
Strong data modeling and data integration experience
Strong SQL and higher-level programming languages
Solid knowledge of data mining, machine learning algorithms and tools
Good understanding of data warehouse/data lake design patterns and best practices
Solid understanding of data ingestion (i.e. streaming platforms like Kafka)
Strong experience with data integration tools – ETL/ELT tools (i.e. Apache NiFi, Azure Data Factory, Pentaho, Talend)
Experience working:
In a Data Warehousing and BI environment with understanding of warehousing concepts
With Source Control System (SCS) is a must – preferably “Git” source control
Systematic problem-solving approach, with effective communication skills and a sense of drive
Strong understanding and working knowledge of Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment concepts
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Top notch problem solving and analytical skills
Plan and own deployments, migrations and upgrades to minimize service impacts with mitigation plans
Understand and tune performance across all physical and logical dimensions
Support Ethoca’s architects and analysts as they design and build effective, agile applications
Use your experience to help shape and scale the future of our development and production infrastructure
Work efficiently within a high security, PII and PCI-DSS Level 1 environment
Self-starter that explores opportunities for efficiencies and propose options to bridge gaps that exists
Nice to have:
Scripting experience with one or more of the following:
Java and Java Script, Python, R
Experience working with analytics and data processing engines like Apache Spark/Storm
Experience with application development
Experience working with SAP HANA or Teradata
Ideally you have experience in banking, e-commerce, credit cards or payment processing and exposure to both SaaS and premises-based architectures. In addition, you have a post-secondary degree in computer science, mathematics or a quantitative science and at least 5 plus years of increasingly responsible work experience.

Candidate Submission

To apply, please visit: mastercard. jobs or https://mastercard.jobs/toronto-can/lead-data-engineer/567DD39603B141C5AAF86389682B751D/job/

We will only be contacting those individuals who we believe are the best potential fit with our requirements. At Ethoca, we welcome job applications from qualified individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, ancestry, family care status, veteran status, marital status, or any other lawfully protected status in every jurisdiction in which we operate. We are committed to a diverse workforce that provides fair and equal opportunity for all employees and candidates.
