Job Description

If you dream of a job working in a field where all the hard problems are solved and you get to re-use previous research to get your job done, you need not apply. If, however, you are someone who wants to tackle problems that truly are on the cutting edge, then we encourage you to keep reading.

Data Science is an emerging field within cyber security. FireEye, given its deep expertise and comprehensive view on the advanced threat landscape, is uniquely positioned to enable data scientists to have major impact within our industry, company, and across our customer base. Detecting security breaches using machine learning and data analytics is an unsolved problem (this is not handwriting recognition folks) and has huge potential.

If you are someone who wants to be on the cutting edge of a high profile industry, who wants to make an impact by pushing both fields of data science and cyber security forward, you may be the perfect candidate to help us on our mission.

What you will do:
Develop, and manage data systems to ingest and process data at massive scale
Identify data sources both internally and externally that we can use to find evil.
Contribute towards the architecture and design of software solutions for long-term storage and retrieval.
Identify and implement data exploration technologies. Create dashboards and implement analytical tools for exploration
Work with data scientists to productize ML models and assist product teams with ML model releases into end products.
Collect requirements, design, and build backend components and tools to run ML models, assess ML model efficacy, manage large scale datasets, and generate features for ML models
Contribute to the evolution of coding and design practices within the organization.
Review code base commits and contribute to the growth of team members.
Qualifications

Requirements
Ability to work in an iterative, agile development environment.
Experience implementing ETL processes and building data pipelines
Experience developing reliable distributed systems.
Experience in Data modeling and schema design
Strong knowledge of a variety of operating systems, networking fundamentals, software design and programming best practices.
Experience with use of a wide array of algorithms and data structures.
Deep understanding and experience of going through the entire life cycle of building software platforms and products
Deep knowledge of various AWS services and associated tools
Strong experience developing in Python 3
Experience developing in at least 1 of the following: C, Go or Java
Experience with RDBMS, such as PostgreSQL or MySQL, as well as NoSQL
Experience with Kubernetes and Docker.
Experience deploying products in AWS
Additional Qualification:
Ability to pick up, work with and explore new analytical tools
Strong experience with DevOps practices and common tooling
Strong communication skills.
Ability to work with loosely defined requirements.
Additional Information

At FireEye we are committed to our #OneTeam approach combining diversity, collaboration, and excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Requests for accommodation due to disability can be sent directly to HR-Accommodations@FireEye.com.
