Company Information Octo Consulting Group (Octo) is an industry-leading, award-winning provider of digital services for the federal government. Octo specializes in providing agile software engineering, user experience design, cloud services, and digital strategy services that address government's most pressing missions. Octo delivers intelligent solutions and rapid results, yielding lower costs and measurable outcomes. Our team is what makes Octo great. At Octo you'll work beside some of the smartest and most accomplished staff you'll find in your career. Octo offers fantastic benefits and an amazing workplace culture where you will feel valued while you perform mission critical work for our government. Voted one of the region's best places to work multiple times, Octo is an employer of choice! Job Description You... As a Data Engineer you will work with the application and data science teams to support the development of custom data solutions. Us... We were founded as a fresh alternative in the Government Consulting Community and are dedicated to the belief that results are a product of analytical thinking, agile design principles and that solutions are built in collaboration with, not for, our customers. This mantra drives us to succeed and act as true partners in advancing our client's missions. Program Mission... The project you will be working on is an existing cloud-based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. While the current environment exists as an enterprise enabling platform, the end state of the environment is to enable Army leaders at every echelon to make fully informed, data driven decisions, based on authoritative and/or production data sources. Our approach is to transform legacy applications to be cloud native and reside on a Platform as a Service (PaaS). Additionally, modernize current applications by breaking them down into loosely coupled micro-services, and leveraging a continuous integration / continuous delivery pipeline to enable an agile DevOps Strategy. Skills & Requirements What we'd like to see... * Capable of supporting rapid iterations of feature engineering with the development of coding solutions to enrich existing data sets. * Experience with traditional, modern, and cloud native database solutions. * Support the database design, development, implementation, information storage and retrieval, data flow and analysis activities. * Translate a set of requirements and data into a usable database schema by creating or recreating ad hoc queries, scripts and macros, updates existing queries, creates new ones to manipulate data into a master file. * Support development of databases, database parser software, database loading software, and database structures that fit into the overall architecture of the system under development. * Current IAT I Certification (A+ CE, Network+, CCNA, SSCP). Desired Skills: * Works with considerable freedom to make decisions on the techniques and approaches to be used. * Prepares recommendations for system improvement for management and user consideration. Years of Experience: 3 years of experience or more Education: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other closely related discipline Clearance: Active Secret Security Clearance Required Octo Consulting Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, protected veteran status, race, color, religious creed, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, sexual orientation/gender identity, age, or genetic information. Selected applicant will be subject to a background investigation.
