University Overview

The University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.

Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.

The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.

Posted Job Title

Data Analyst

Job Profile Title

Data Analyst D

Job Description Summary

Data Analyst DThe data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center (PennDOC) and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center (SBDRC) to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and basic scientists dedicated to conducting practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and work with collaborating investigators from other specialties and outside institutions to ensure compliance with regulatory research requirements. Applicants must have a strong background in creating and analyzing databases; knowledge in basic statistics; basic knowledge in regulatory requirements of the Institutional Review Board; excellent oral and written communication skills to work with a team and to draft research proposals and manuscripts; and organizational skills to prepare agendas and material for regular research team meetings. The data analyst will receive mentorship from and report to the Director of Research Operations for the Department of Dermatology. The data analyst will have regular guidance from Faculty mentors, including Principle Investigators and Subject Matter Experts.

Job Description

With general direction, performs data analysis and assists with design of complex data models based upon business or research requirements. Often as part of a team, identifies and resolves required information flows and content issues, and transforms requirements into data designs and models. May perform analyses, development and evaluation on large databases and large complex installations. May provide reporting and decision support systems consultation. May provide data analysis expertise to one or more project or support teams. May work with vendor delivered solutions

Position contingent on funding.

Responsibilities
Develops and analyzes databases as indicated for research projects including clinical trials, observational, retrospective, and prospective studies. Maintains and enhances the existing database for Mohs micrographic surgery at Penn. Collects and organizes data from patient charts and existing databases (e.g. SEER, Optum). Develop and implement quality control plans to ensure data integrity and compliance.
Performs descriptive and inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations. Analyses may also include simple data descriptions (e.g., prevalence and incidence of outcomes), correlations, regression modeling (e.g., linear, logistic, cox proportional hazard models, mixed effects models, latent class analysis). Uses statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programing language for analysis and collaborates with biostatistical experts when appropriate. Ability to use data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python. The analyst may need to learn additional statistical or bioinformatics (e.g., multi-omic data analysis) techniques for existing and/or future projects.
Drafting and submission of research grant proposals and manuscripts:
Partners with Faculty to complete research grant proposals and manuscripts. Common contributions from the data analyst include: preparing tables to summarize data and figures to illustrate statistics; drafting relevant portions of research proposals and manuscripts; submitting manuscripts and proposals; and managing correspondence with authors, journal editors, and reviewers.
Mentoring pre-doctoral research fellows and organizing research meetings:
Mentors pre-doctoral student researchers in study design and basic statistical analysis. Works with faculty mentors and Principle Investigators, including Director of PennDOC and PI/co-PI of the SBDRC to organize the agenda and materials for research group meetings.
Perform additional duties as assigned
Duties

The data analyst will partner with the Faculty of the Penn Dermatology Oncology Center and the Skin Biology and Disease Resource Based Center to design, conduct, and publish research that improves the lives of patients with skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will enjoy a collegial relationship with a dynamic group of surgeons, clinicians, and researchers dedicated to practical research about skin cancer and skin diseases. The data analyst will also collaborate with clinical research coordinators in the Department of Dermatology and interface with collaborating investigators and biostatisticians from other specialties and outside institutions.

The data analyst will create and analyze databases; apply basic statistics to data; design data tables and figures; assist with manuscript and grant proposal drafting; ensure compliance with research regulations; and prepare materials for regular research team meetings.

Qualifications

Required:

+ 3-5 years experience. 1-2 years of prior experience in clinical research or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

+ Bachelor's Degree or higher educational attainment in biostatistics, biomedical informatics, public health, or related field that ensures a fundamental understanding of research design considerations. Master's Degree preferred.

+ Basic knowledge of regulatory requirements and how to appropriately fulfill them, including Institutional Review Board submissions.

+ Ability to perform descriptive and basic inferential statistics, including regression analyses, and sample size calculations.

+ Proficiency with basic computer programming skills, including basic Microsoft Office applications, e.g. Access, Word, Excel, PowerPoint.

+ Experience using a statistical programming language, such as SAS, STATA, R, or other programming language.

+ Working knowledge of relational database design, query, and reporting.

+ Excellent interpersonal and communication (written and verbal) skills

+ Ability to work both independently and with a team as well as the ability to manage up.

+ Strong organizational and documentation skills.

Preferred

+ Ability to import/export data into or from various formats into standard statistical software.

+ Experience in verifying, documenting, and cleaning large data files.

+ Experience with large administrative or claims datasets (e.g Medicare, SEER, NCDB, etc)

+ Familiarity with data standards and coding conventions.

+ Experience managing multiple projects effectively and meeting deadlines.

+ Experience with data visualization techniques in Tableau, Power BI, Excel, or with a programming language (e.g., R or Python).

+ Experience with mySQL or SQL

Working ConditionsOffice, Library, Computer RoomPhysical EffortTypically sitting at desk or table

Contingent upon funding

Job Location - City, State

Philadelphia, Pennsylvania

Department / School

Perelman School of Medicine

Pay Range

$59,703.00 - $168,837.00

Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.

Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.

The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
