We Are Hiring

Medical Lab Scientist (MLS) - Lab Chemistry Anc 001 - Full-Time, Evening - Seton Medical Center Austin - Austin, TX

Schedule: 2:00PM - 10:30PM, Monday - Saturday and rotate every fourth weekend.

Why Join Ascension?

Ascension Seton, based in Austin, Texas, is a faith-based non-profit healthcare system founded in 1902 by the Daughters of Charity. Called to be a sign of Gods unconditional love for all, Ascension Seton strives to expand access to high-quality, low-cost, person-centered care and services. Ascension Seton operates more than 100 clinical locations, including four teaching hospitals which serve as training sites for Dell Medical School at The University of Texas.

Ascension is a faith-based healthcare organization dedicated to transformation through innovation across the continuum of care. As one of the leading non-profit and Catholic health systems in the U.S., Ascension is committed to delivering compassionate, personalized care to all, especially to those most in need. In FY2018, Ascension provided nearly $2 billion in care of persons living in poverty and other community benefit programs.

What You Will Do

As an Associate with Ascension Seton Family of Hospitals-TX, you will have the opportunity to perform routine diagnostic and analytic testing of laboratory specimens independently.

Responsibilities:

Performs, validates, interprets, documents and reports laboratory test results. May collect and process specimens.
Performs instrument maintenance and troubleshooting. Executes and evaluates quality control and quality assurance procedures. Documents and reports as required by regulatory agencies.
Understands and participates in all aspects of clinical laboratory testing; pre-analytical, analytical, and post-analytical. Anticipates and maintains required supplies for uninterrupted testing.
Assists with data collection or special projects as assigned.
Assists in documentation, evaluation and submission of all required laboratory, departmental and staffstatistics/reports.
Assists in training and mentoring MLTs, new associates and students.

What You Will Need

Licenses/Certifications/Registration:
Required Credential(s):
One or more of the following:
Medical Technologist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC) obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Certified Medical Lab Scientist (ASCP) credentialed from the American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Certification (ASCP-BOC) obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Medical Tech credentialed from the American Medical Technologists (AMT) obtained within 12 Months (1 year) of hire date or job transfer date.
Education:
Diploma
Bachelors degree in medical technology, medical laboratory scientist, human sciences or education qualifications as stated per CLIA requirements
Work Experience:
None required.
