Data Analytics Consultant – Value Based Analytics

The Data Analytics Consultant will develop analyze and provide insight, analysis and reports. This role will be focused on Provider Value Based Programs (Alternative Payment Models) including ACO, PCMH, Episode Based Payment (EBP) Bundles, and MLR Shared Savings incentive programs. In this role you will be accountable for identifying and quantifying key drivers for the Provider Value Based Programs, investigating areas of opportunity, evaluating effectiveness and making recommendations.

You will assist the leadership team in evaluating key business drivers. The ideal candidate will have strong analytics, technical and communication skills, as well as have a deep broad understanding of the Healthcare business (particularly in the Individual and Small Group ACA market). This role also serves as a lead on projects and assists other team members by reviewing work, providing training and technical guidance.

The Skills You Bring:
Act as lead Analyst for large projects and proactively identify topics for delegation and analysis.
Validate routine financial reconciliations and process payments to Value Based Provider (VBP) groups.
Identify drivers of VBP performance as it pertains to Quality, Access, and Affordability for the attributed population.
Collaborate with cross-functional business units to build performance dashboards and tools for reporting, interpreting, and communicating population-based data for internal and external customers.
Develop Excel-based models and spreadsheets that are well-documented containing advanced formulas and functions that are used to evaluate historical trends, forecast future expectations or draw key conclusions to answer key business questions.
Developing insightful and actionable summaries for explaining complex business analytics to non-technical audiences.
Analyze or assist in the analysis of processes and programs in achieving stated goals.
Write and review advanced SAS and/or SQL programs for data extraction. Integrate data across multiple areas. Modifies existing programs for data extraction
Train team members on analytical tools and techniques. Provide guidance and review work of team members.
Provide Analytic and Strategic Support for the key business Stakeholders of Value Based Programs including but not limited to C-Suite, Network Programs/Contracting, Sales, Actuarial & Finance
Required Skills:
6 years related work experience or equivalent combination of transferable experience and education.
Experience using algorithms and inferential statistics.
Advanced level experience writing SQL /SAS or related code
Advanced Excel skills
Experience with health business
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience
Demonstrated leadership abilities including effective knowledge sharing and conflict resolution
Mastery of communicating highly complex information clearly and articulately for all levels and audiences
Preferred Skills:
Bachelor’s degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Data Science, Health Economics or similar program
Master’s degree in a related field
Working knowledge of Alternative Payment Models, including but not limited to concepts such as risk adjustment, member-to-provider attribution methodologies, episodic groupers, and the ACA.
Experience analyzing Alternative Payment Models with a focus on understanding population-based performance drivers and communicating them to both technical and non-technical audiences, both internal and external, alike.


We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veteran/Disabled.
