Job Overview
SUMMARY: Responsible for providing support to the assigned department by performing technical analysis on multiple data sources and reporting findings to management.

GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Assisting with developing reports and dashboards to all levels of management. Analyzing big data and modeling data for use in Microsoft PowerBI dashboards. Maintaining Microsoft Access database with daily updates. Developing and updating SQL queries within Access. Maintain Microsoft SharePoint sites and Nintex workflows. Ability to gather, model and use data for trend analysis and reporting.
Required Experience
EXPERIENCE: 0 ¿ 2 years general office work experience.

TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY: Proficient with Microsoft Office products, including Word, Outlook and Excel. Microsoft Access, SharePoint 2013, Nintex workflows, Microsoft PowerBI

COMPETENCIES: Motivated self-starter. Ability to communicate effective verbally and in writing. Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. Ability to demonstrate effective customer service skills. Ability to prioritize, organize and perform multiple work assignments simultaneously while meeting assigned deadlines. Ability to perform accurately in a detail oriented environment. Ability to gather, interpret, report and use data and other information concerning assigned activities. Ability to function effectively with or as part of a team. Skill in preparing clear and concise documents, including but not limited to reports, procedures, correspondences and other written materials. Knowledge of applicable computer applications and basic computer functions.
Required Education
EDUCATION: College student pursuing a degree in business, computing or transportation with an interest in data analysis and reporting.
Working Conditions
Normal office environment with little exposure to excessive noise, dust, temperature and the like. Extended use of computer keyboard and viewing of computer monitor and ability to sit for long periods of time.
FLSA Status
The position is Non-Exempt. May require the ability to work overtime to meet required deadlines. Must comply with all work rules, including those that pertain to safety and health.
Safety
Crowley is committed to providing a safe, secure and healthy workplace to each of its employees; fulfilling the safety, security, environmental and quality requirements of our customers; and continually improving our Environmental Stewardship through prevention of pollution and protection of the environment. To do this, every Crowley employee is responsible for developing sufficient knowledge of the Management System in order to support these goals.
Equal Employment Opportunity
Crowley is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For affirmative action purposes and to assist in our compliance with federal government record keeping, we would request that you complete a voluntary self-identification information form. All information provided will be kept confidential and separate from your application data.
Other2
Thank you for your interest in exploring opportunities with Crowley. If you experience issues applying for a position, please email a copy of your resume to careers@crowley.com and include the Position Title and Reference Number.
