Job Description
BTG, in partnership with a top ranked insurance company in Florida, has an immediate need for a Senior Data Analyst - Guidewire Data Hub in Jacksonville, FL or Birmingham, AL.

Requirements of the Senior Data Analyst
Expert in data mapping, modelling, lineage, governance and management
At least 7+ years of Guidewire Insurance Suite knowledge (Policy Center, Claim Center, Billing Center)
At least 3+ years as a Data Analyst maintaining the Data Specifications document for the Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center product at a large corporation
Effective, clear and concise verbal and written communication skills
Good organizational skills
Business Intelligence experience (Business Objects, Cognos or other BI tool)
Working knowledge of SQL (TSQL/PL SQL)
Working knowledge of ETL
5+ of QA testing experience
Working knowledge of DW/EDW, Data Hubs/Data Lakes
Education equivalent to a college degree in information technology or technical related discipline, or the equivalent in related work experience
7+ years of Data Analyst experience.
7+ years of Guidewire Property & Casualty Guidewire Insurance industry
3+ Years Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center experience
Occasional travel is required
Preferred:
Cognos experience
10+ years of Data Analyst experience.
At least 9+ years of Guidewire Insurance Suite knowledge (Policy Center, Claim Center, Billing Center)
At least 5+ years as a Data Anayst maintaining the Data Specifications document for the Guidewire Data Hub / Info Center product at a large corporation
Advanced QA Testing experience is a plus.
Expert in SQL (T-SQL/PL SQL)
Expert in ETL
Expert in DW/EDW, Data Hubs/Data Lakes
Agile Project experience
Benefits of the Senior Data Analyst
Medical/ Dental/ Vision within the first month of being hired
Annual Bonus
Company-matched 401k
Tuition Assistance
Generous PTO
Discounts on home and auto insurance
Responsibilities of the Senior Data Analyst
You will be responsible for understanding business needs, assessing the impact of the change, and translating into technical specifications.
Work with the technical project team to ensure those technical requirements are documented, understood and implemented all while supporting and communicating with the business through the implementation process.
You will be responsible for identifying business needs, assessing the impact of the change, working with the business to align the need to the base application functionality, documenting the requirements, and walking the business through the documentation to obtain approval.
You will work with the project team to ensure those requirements are delivered all while supporting and communicating with the business through the implementation process.
This position will also be responsible for project development testing. The experience BSA will document data mapping, lineage, modelling, management, governance and all other data aspects of the GW Data Hub and Info Center product platform.
May include helping with other business requirements for Operational support efforts including the understanding and documentation of business needs and helping convert into technical specifications for operational reports and downstream data needs such as EDW, GL and other financial applications
Responsible for project development testing and data governance/management. This includes development of integrated test plans and test cases, execution of the tests, analysis and documentation of the results.
The analyst is involved throughout the entire development lifecycle (e.g., initial concept, requirement gathering, development support, testing, and final implementation and post production support).
Occasional travel may be required
If you believe that your skills and experience are a match for this position, please submit your most current resume and a recruiter will be in contact. Resumes can be submitted via email to ************* or by applying online at https://jobs.btginc.com. You may also give us a call at 904-998-9414 to speak to a recruiter.
