Lutheran Services Florida (LSF) envisions a world where children are safe, families are strong and communities are vibrant. Since 1982, Lutheran Services Florida has been providing and sharing solutions to protect Florida’s most vulnerable. Today, we are one of the largest nonprofits in Florida touching 1 in 50 Floridians with a wide range of services, including:
early childhood education
refugee and immigration
mental health and substance abuse
juvenile justice
child welfare
LSF is looking for a talentedData Analystwho wants to make an impact in the lives of children and families.

Purpose& Impact

The Data Analyst conducts full data life cycle from data capture, maintenance, synthesis, usage, publication, archival through purging. Data Analyst develop and support reporting capabilities.

A Day in The Life of a Data Analyst
Pull and integrate data from disparate sources
Support and maintain databases or data collections systems.
Evaluate and preprocess raw information
Filter and“clean” data by reviewing back-up data and reports
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and present findings.
Build and maintain reports
Interface with internal customers and business partners on issues with data systems, process or procedures
Responds proactively to data issues and escalates appropriately
Coordinate with Project Coordinator(s) for any program or project-specific functions and assignments
Supports reporting and data analytics; Deliver accurate, complete and timely submissions of all required reports, performance measures or benchmarks, trends and analyses.
Deliver exceptional customer services to external and internal clients, business partners or stakeholders
Other tasks and duties as assigned
Physical Requirements

Energy, persistence and stamina sufficient for functioning as part of a team in a fast-paced office environment

Qualifications

Required/Preferred Education and Experience
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Management, Mathematics, Statistics or Industrial Engineering or Equivalent work experience
1-3 years proven working experience as a data analyst
Preferably working experience with Behavioral healthcare operations and systems.
Competencies (Skills/Knowledge& Abilities)

Knowledge of data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques

Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, etc. ).

Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (SSRS, Crystal, etc.), databases (SQL, etc.), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)

Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.

Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings

Why Work With LSF?

Ability to Make an Impact in Multiple Areas

LSF offers several programs, spanning across a wide range of populations in need. This gives our team members an opportunity to learn and potentially work in programs outside of their direct area.Either way, members of the LSF family will play a part in transforming the lives of those in need.

Community

A career at LSF means working and learning alongside talented professionals in a dynamic and inclusive environment. The values of our organization–OPEN-MINDED, COMPASSIONATE,GENEROUS, VISIONARY andHONESTY– drives each one of us.

People working at Lutheran Services Florida treat each other like family. Whether you work on the front lines or work in an office, you share a common bond that is felt throughout the organization.

Growth Opportunities

Because of the variety of programs we offer throughout Florida, team members have the option to explore areas of interest in other programs or grow within their existing program/department.

Amazing benefits packageincluding:
Medical, dental and vision
Teledoc (24/7 access to doctors via phone and video)
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
Long-term disability
Employer paid life insurance (1X salary), AD&D
Health and dependent care FSA
12 paid holidays + 1 floating holiday
Generous PTO policy
403(b) Retirement plan with 3% discretionary employer match
Tuition reimbursement
LifeMart employee discount program (savings on everything from computers to car rentals)
Additional voluntary benefits:
Short-term disability
Group life insurance
Accident, critical illness/Cancer and hospital policy
Legal Shield coverage
Lutheran Family Services embraces diversity, equity and inclusion in all business practices. LSF is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
