Biological Scientist IV

Job no:

Work type: Staff Full-Time

Location: Polk

Categories: Agriculture/Life Science/Vet Medicine, Research/Scientific/Grants

Department: - AG-CREC-PLANT PATHOLOGY

Classification Title:
Biological Scientist IV

Job Description:
Involved in study of the virulence mechanism of Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri.
Involved in study of the resistance mechanism of kumquat against Xanthomonas citri subsp. citri.
For the virulence mechanism of citrus canker, this personnel is involved in studying the important virulence factors including PthA4.
The duties/tasks include designing the experiments supervised by Dr. Nian Wang, conducting experiments in the research areas related to citrus citrus canker as mentioned above, analyzing data, writing summary and report of the experiments and manuscript, supervising OPS involved in those projects mentioned above.

Expected Salary:
$49,200.00 annually

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in biology or a closely related field and thirteen years of relevant experience; Master's degree in biology or a closely related field and eleven years of relevant experience; Doctoral degree in biology or a closely related field and eight years of relevant experience.

Preferred Qualifications:A Ph.D's degree with preference in Molecular Biology; Plant Pathology; Microbiology; bacteriology; or related field. Candidates with training in molecular plant-microbe interactions are especially encouraged to apply.
Ability to conduct biological research, studies or analyses using scientific methods and techniques.
Knowledge of the procedures, techniques and equipment used in lab testing and analysis.
Knowledge of the terminology, principles and techniques used in biological research, analysis or testing.
Ability to collect, record and analyze scientific data relating to the biological sciences.
Skill in the use of scientific lab, greenhouse, and field equipment.
Ability to plan, organize and coordinate work assignments
Ability to write manuscripts.

Special Instructions to Applicants:
Application must be submitted by 11:55 p.m. (EDT) of the posting end date.

Health Assessment Required:No

Advertised: 18 Jun 2020 Eastern Daylight Time

Applications close: 26 Jun 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
