Exact Diagnostics/Bio-Rad is looking for a enthusiastic and innovative scientist to work in the Research and Development group focusing on infectious disease standards and controls. The position requires a working knowledge of laboratory experimentation, molecular biology, quantitative PCR, and next generation sequencing. In addition, the ideal candidate should have prior exposure to statistical analysis, be familiar with statistical software tools to be able to resolve technical issues.

Responsibilities


Perform professional assignments and tasks associated with the design, development, execution, and implementation of scientific research projects. Design experiments, conduct scientific studies, analyze data and prepare technical reports & presentations. Other associated tasks with this position are as follows;
Participates in troubleshooting.
Conducts experiments carefully and consistently.
Collects, analyzes and interprets data.
Writes technical reports.
May provide recommendation for follow up experiments and ideas for solving problems.
Investigates feasibility of applying variety of scientific principles and concepts to development of new products, procedures, protocols, and potential inventions.
Researches and investigates literature, keeps abreast of new methods and developments related to the work area.
Writes, develops process specifications and draft documents.
Trains other personnel in techniques and protocol.
Writes basic technical reports,
Develops processes and procedures (SOPs), develops excel worksheets and maintains laboratory notebook.
Presents standard technical results.
May participate in development of patent applications
Qualifications


Requires knowledge of scientific related principles and theories. Requires the ability to self motivate and execute scientific experiments in a timely manner. Requires a working knowledge of computer software programs such as: Excel, Word, etc. Requires strong organizational skills and ability to handle multiple assignments simultaneously

Minimum:
Bachelors degree in a related life science or technical discipline with 5+ years of full time experience in a technically related position.
Strong experience with molecular techniques including real-time PCR
Preferred:
Advance degree in a related life science or technical discipline.
Experience in a cGMP and ISO13485 environment.
Experience in viral and cell culture techniques
Experience with next generation sequencing
Bio-Rad is a global leader providing a broad array of clinical diagnostics and life science research products. With a team of more than 7,800 employees and a global network of operations serving our customers, we help people live longer, healthier lives.

EEO/AA Employer/Veterans/Disabled/Race/Ethnicity/Gender/Age

To all recruitment agencies: Bio-Rad does not accept agency resumes, unless the agency has been authorized by a Bio-Rad Staffing Representative. Please do not submit resumes unless authorized to do so. Bio-Rad will not pay for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
