Position:

Director of Development & Data Science

Job Description:

Black Knight is the premier provider of integrated technology, services, data and analytics that lenders and servicers look to first to help successfully manage the entire loan life cycle. Our deep understanding of regulatory and compliance issues complements the knowledge, technology and solutions we offer to help our clients achieve their business goals. Black Knight offers leading software systems; data and analytics offerings; and information solutions that facilitate and automate many of the business processes across the mortgage life cycle

JOB FAMILY DESCRIPTION

The Director of Development & Data Science is a hands-on position supporting a cloud-based Java application. This Java application utilizes a Big Data platform to provide an industrial strength, cutting-edge virtual analytics lab where clients can source data, execute queries, create advanced analytics and train machine-learning models in real-time. Responsible to plan and manage Java application development and client delivery activities for an enterprise Data & Analytics application.

This role can sit in the following office locations:
Primary: Irvine, CA
Secondary: San Francisco, CA
Tertiary: Jacksonville, FL
Remote may be considered as a next alternative outside of those locations.

GENERAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Designs and develops cloud based Java software product applications utilized to drive analytics and machine learning models for clients.
Articulates technical architecture to clients and work with sales teams to input into greater client needs and sales strategies.
Manages the full software development lifecycle (SDLC) including testing, implementation, and auditing.
Meets technical release objectives and works with product team to flush out and define shifting priorities and requirements.
Performs product design, bug verification, and beta support, which may require research and analysis.
Resolves critical issues and contribute to the business unit/area development.
Acts as a thought leader in technical space through researching and knowing industry trends and technologies.
Manages the work efforts of development with responsibility for hiring, firing, performance appraisals, and pay reviews.
Identifies and allocates technical resources (e.g., programmers, business analysts) to client projects within Development. Includes a mix of FTEs assigned to the development organization and purchased resources from other lines of business.
Forecasts resource needs based on an analysis of both portfolio and projected client spend.
Maximizes both utilization and profitability of assigned team of resources' billable time.
Ensures base applications meet appropriate quality standards.
Adheres to the departmental application development and client delivery process standards.
Provides input on product direction to product managers.
Coordinates with industry compliance consultants and product managers to verify applications meet regulatory compliance and GLBA requirements (NIST 800-53).
Ensures the proper application of technology.
Ensures base applications meet appropriate quality standards.
Performs other duties as required.
EDUCATIONAL GUIDELINES

Bachelor's degree in computer science preferred or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES
Experience developing and building Java applications
Knowledge of data science, both statistical and machine learning modeling approaches highly preferred
Familiarity with scripting languages such as Python ml-libraries, tensorflow, Scala, SQL, and/or R a plus
Deep knowledge of cloud providers (AWS/Azure) and their offerings to make strategic technical decisions that meet business requirements
Knowledge of Spark, Notebooks (Juypter, Sagemaker), Glue/Glue catalog, etc. a plus
Knowledge in modern front end frameworks such as React a plus
Skill in project management, organization, communications, analytical and people skills
Skill in leading, supervising and managing effectively under pressure
Ability to be comfortable interacting with executive level clients
Ability to analyze client's business needs and determine related information services support
Ability to maintain positive working relationship with client
Ability to manage multiple projects, activities, and problem areas
Ability to delegate projects to qualified subordinates as appropriate
Ability to lead, direct and manage effectively
Ability to operate independently
Ability to exhibit solid decision-making and problem solving skills
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing
Development Director

Senior-level management role. Typically responsible for managing the development and implementation of information technology software, and may include systems analysis and programming activities, for multiple lines of business or a division. Makes final decisions on administrative or operational matters and ensures the effective achievement of objectives. Ensures budgets and schedules meet corporate requirements. Regularly interacts with executives and/or major clients. Directs and controls the activities of applications development functional area through several managers and senior managers. Has overall control of planning, staffing, budgeting, managing expense priorities and recommending and implementing changes to methods. Directly responsible for managing a staff of six or more direct reports, including primarily managers/senior managers and supervisors and may include some senior-level project managers and individual contributors. Manages eighty or more overall subordinates. Works closely with executives on departmental issues. Has very wide latitude for decision-making. Typically requires more than fifteen years of related applications development experience with at least ten years of leadership responsibility for large applications development functions.

Black Knight is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, and protected veteran or military family status. Our employees' diversity is our strength, and when we embrace our differences, it makes us better and brighter. Black Knight's commitment to inclusion is at the core of who we are, and motivates us in how we do business each and every day.

Location:

Irvine, CA

Time Type:

Full time
