We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.
Bell has an opening for a Military Forecasting / Data Analyst in the Fort Worth, TX headquarters location. In this role, you will focus on strategic planning for Bell Flight's Military Programs Supply Support and contributes to revenue through business case-based planning and forecasting of spares and repair services that meet government and contract requirements. You will conduct the demand planning and strategic forecast modeling development related to Bell Flight's Performance Based Logistics contract.
Position Responsibilities:

Support a strategic modeling capability for the program to afford improved business decisions.
Assist in the development of strategic plans to improve product support performance.
Provide support for program supply support personnel; which may include spares forecasting and multi-year planning.
Prepare and present for program reviews as directed.
Maintain a high level of professionalism and responsiveness to internal/external customers, partners, suppliers, and Bell management to achieve high levels of customer satisfaction.
Support and assist in the establishment of performance metrics (internal/external) and measurements that give visibility to supply support cost and schedule objectives.
Support demand forecasting and modeling capabilities for government spares and repair requirements: Key external relationships include NAVSUP, DLA, and NAVAIR. Outcome will drive strategic inventory operations planning within Bell and the U. S. Government, yielding customer satisfaction.
Work with NAVSUP and DLA to ensure demand requirements are translated to RFPs or orders.
Provide analysis of alternatives, data driven simulation and business/readiness-based execution options to enhance logistic decision making and support increased customer support.

Educational Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree OR at least 4 years of experience in Industrial Distribution, Industrial Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics or Supply Chain Management could be considered equivalent to a Bachelor’s degree.
Position Requirements:

At least 3 years of related experience in forecasting and modeling tools with good analytical skills.
Position requires a proficiency in decision-making and problem solving.
Individual must be proficient with Microsoft Office Suite to include Access, Power Point, Visio, Project, and other database software.
Process mapping, standardization skills, data collection & analysis, and strong mathematic skills
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, are required.
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Proficiency in use of database management systems
Six Sigma Green Belt certification
Experience with SLIC, Tempo/Opus, Windchill, @Risk, or similar software a big plus.
Don’t miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
