Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a BI Data Analyst/Specialist to work at Fidelity in Westlake, TX.

Senior Business Analyst, Data and Analytics

This is an opportunity to provide your insights and enable Workplace Investments to make the data-driven decisions required to meet their strategic objectives.

The Expertise We’re Looking For
Bachelors or equivalent with 5+ years of experience
In depth knowledge in a variety of analytics techniques including: profiling, data mining, modeling, statistical analysis and campaign measurement
Experience working with data environments and strong knowledge in querying language and/or querying applications (SQL, Alteryx, BRIO)
Strong in MS Office Package usage skill especially MS Excel. Very strong spreadsheet and relational database skills
The Purpose of Your Role

The Senior Business Analyst will report to the Vice President of Business Intelligence and will be responsible for the filling the growing demand for business intelligence across WI.

The Skills You Bring
You have a passion for leveraging data to drive better business decision-making through statistical, econometric modeling, and technological techniques
You have a deep understanding of analytical techniques and how they can be applied to address particular problem characteristics
You have a strong analytical and problem-solving skills, particularly in the areas of strategy development, business analysis, risks and opportunity assessment
You have a working knowledge of analytic technologies (e.g. Alteryx, SAS, SQL, R, Python, BRIO, Tableau, Adobe Analytics, etc.)
You know how to acquire data from multiple sources/environments and transform it so it can be used for analytics
You have the ability to think on your feet and respond effectively when priorities change.
The Value You Deliver
Developing and delivering analytical data and insights to solve business problems
You enable Workplace Solutions to make objective, informed decisions
You provide opportunities for innovation through analytics capabilities and implementation of new technologies
How Your Work Impacts the Organization

Workplace Investing Data and Analytics is the analytics discipline responsible for developing and deploying analytic solutions to drive actionable intelligence, transformative insights, automation, and effective control in support of Workplace Investments business units, clients, and Fidelity.

Company Overview


Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.
