Job Description
BI Data Analyst/Specialist
Senior Business Analyst, Data and Analytics

Job Requirements
Bachelors or equivalent with 5+ years of experience
In depth knowledge in a variety of analytics techniques including: profiling, data mining, modeling, statistical analysis and campaign measurement
Experience working with data environments and strong knowledge in querying language and/or querying applications (SQL, Alteryx, BRIO)
Strong in MS Office Package usage skill especially MS Excel. Very strong spreadsheet and relational database skills
Role
The Senior Business Analyst will report to the Vice President of Business Intelligence and will be responsible for the filling the growing demand for business intelligence across WI.
The Skills You Bring
You have a passion for leveraging data to drive better business decision-making through statistical, econometric modeling, and technological techniques
You have a deep understanding of analytical techniques and how they can be applied to address particular problem characteristics
You have a strong analytical and problem-solving skills, particularly in the areas of strategy development, business analysis, risks and opportunity assessment
You have a working knowledge of analytic technologies (e.g. Alteryx, SAS, SQL, R, Python, BRIO, Tableau, Adobe Analytics, etc.)
You know how to acquire data from multiple sources/environments and transform it so it can be used for analytics

Company Description
About Global Technical Talent:
GTT is a 100% owned subsidiary of Chenega Corporation, a Native American Corporation performing on 250+ federal projects and 100+ commercial projects with over 5,800 US employees and 1 Billion in annual Revenue. GTT is a leading national staffing agency focused on IT talent; with clients nationwide and a technology-driven recruiting infrastructure.

WHY GTT:
Flexible work-life Balance, GTT’s exceptional employee driven culture. 1⁄2 day on Friday during summer, few days remote option.
Excellent base salary, One of industries TOP commission structure, three-week vacation.
State of the art Recruiting Infrastructure, AI driven ATS, 9 Million Unique Talent profile, 90+ highly experience Talent advocated.
Parent Company: 5600+ employee organization, over 900m in annual revenues across a variety of industries. Native American Company (8a ANC corporation)/ Minority Owned Benefits:
20 years of referenceable past performance with fortune 500 clients
Our long-term clients include some of national larges companies such as Goldman Sachs, TD Bank, UBS, Thomson Reuters, BOSE, TJX, Partners Healthcare, Fidelity, Amazon/Audible, LYFT, Eversource, PG&E, Abbot and more.
