BICP is partnered with an iconic retail client to hire a Machine Learning Data Engineer Lead to join the global Data, Analytics & AI team. Our clients singular focus is to revolutionize and redefine the apparel business. The global Data, Analytics & AI is best framed up as having the vibe of a startup but with considerable technology assets at your fingertips, where you will have a chance to work with the latest and greatest technologies to deliver cutting edge solutions that will significantly impact how we do business. As a ML Data Engineer Lead, you will work on a broad set of domains that power a data driven transformation of our standard business procedures across channels and organizations. You will be responsible for developing and deploying novel algorithms along with optimizing existing machine learning systems to maximize their business value and increase consumer satisfaction at every brand touchpoint.

We’re looking to hire a technology-agnostic polymath committed to a lifelong journey of continuous learning and exploration of innovative scientific ideas and will bring thoughtful perspectives, empathy, creativity, and a positive attitude to solve problems at scale. This role is ideal for someone looking to extend their algorithm design and software engineering skills into a part mentor, part IC, part thought partner role. You will serve a large role in driving the client’s transformation into a data-driven enterprise.

Job Responsibilities
Architect, build, maintain, and improve new and existing suite of algorithms and their underlying systems.
Implement end-to-end solutions for batch and real-time algorithms along with requisite tooling around monitoring, logging, automated testing, performance testing and A/B testing.
Utilize your entrepreneurial spirit to identify new opportunities to optimize business processes and improve consumer experiences, and prototype solutions to demonstrate value with a crawl, walk, run mindset.
Work closely with data scientists and analysts to create and deploy new product features on the ecommerce website, in-store portals and the company’s mobile app.
Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for data analyses, model development, validation and implementation
Write efficient and well-organized software to ship products in an iterative, continual-release environment
Contribute to and promote good software engineering practices across the team
Mentor and educate team members to adopt best practices in writing and maintaining production machine learning code
Communicate clearly and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences equally well
Actively contribute to and re-use community best practices
Embody the values and passions that characterize our organization with empathy to engage with colleagues from a wide range of backgrounds
Required Skills
University or advanced degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or a related field
5+ years’ experience developing and deploying machine learning systems into production
Strong experience working with a variety of relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Strong experience working with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with at least one cloud provider solution (AWS, GCP, Azure)
Strong experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
Ability to work in a Linux environment
Industry experience building and productionizing innovative end-to-end Machine Learning systems
Ability to quickly prototype ideas and solve complex problems by adapting creative approaches
Experience working with distributed systems, service oriented architectures and designing APIs
Strong knowledge of data pipeline and workflow management tools
Expertise in standard software engineering methodology, e.g. unit testing, test automation, continuous integration, code reviews, design documentation
Relevant working experience with Docker and Kubernetes is a big plus
Additional Key Metrics
Preference will be given to candidates either based in, or willing to relocate to, Dallas/Ft. Worth or San Francisco area.
US Citizens, Green Card & H1B Visa holders are eligible for consideration and welcome to apply. Client has ability to transfer H1B’s and sponsor.
Start date is ASAP and compensation is negotiable contingent on experience and qualifications.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $160,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Employee Discount
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Supplemental Pay:
Signing Bonus
Experience:
AWS, Azure or GCP: 1 year (Preferred)
Scala: 1 year (Preferred)
Kafka: 1 year (Preferred)
Java: 1 year (Preferred)
SQL: 3 years (Required)
Python: 1 year (Required)
Machine Learning: 1 year (Required)
NoSQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Spark: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Store Discounts
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Day shift
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
