Posting Title Principal Data Engineer (Contractor) Job Locations Irving, TX ( remote flexibility) Duration 12+ months Responsibilities include New technology validation and prototyping. Develop data collections, labeling pipelines, and evaluation pipelines. Design and implement software applications using Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence for data verification, transformation, and analytics. Dashboard UI design and deployment. Optimize models for on-device and multi-modal intelligence. OpenAPI development and verification in support of our SDN platform infrastructure. What wersquore looking for... Yoursquoll need to have Bachelorrsquos degree or four or more years of work experience. Six or more years of relevant work experience. Hands-on experience with Restful APIs, OpenAPI, Swagger UI, POSTMAN, and ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana). Experience developing applications using machine learning and deep learning models for real world, large scale problems in computer networks. Experience with raw data, structured and unstructured data Designing, architecture and developing data analytics systems for various use cases including but not limited to network performance Participating and contributing in engineering life-cycle including, building end-to-end machine learning solutions, conduct code reviews and working closely with infrastructure teams Building batch and real-time data pipelines to ingest and transform data for model training testing and building and deploy model inference pipeline. Even better if you have Masterrsquos or PhD degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering with modern data communication technology discipline. Hands-on experience on machine learning algorithms, from supervised and unsupervised to reinforcement learning Excellent Java, CC++, andor Python programming skills. Experience with one or more of the following artificial neural networks, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar. Experience in analyzing sophisticated and dynamic patterns. Experience on with automation, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning tools and applications (TensorFlow, RPA, etc.)
