Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.

By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart is based in San Mateo, California and Columbus, Ohio.

Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we'd love to hear from you!

The Team

Upstart's data science team has a direct impact on our company's success. The team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling, analytics or machine learning in each of our office locations.

The fundamental goal of the data science team is to explore new models and new data sets that can improve the accuracy of our models. With this goal comes near-limitless challenges to tackle, and that is one of the reasons why Upstart is such a unique opportunity. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.

The Role

As a Data Scientist, you'll focus on analytics by monitoring our models, their performance, and their effects on our customers, identify potential problems or opportunities for improvement, communicate these issues to the rest of the team, and suggest solutions. This involves self-directed investigation into our business and its data, designing and preparing regular reports, as well as conducting ad hoc analyses for the data science team, company leadership, and external parties such as partner banks.

Our data science team researches and productionizes all of Upstart's core predictive models. If data is the new oil, then you'll be responsible for the refining process that creates the most premium fuel possible. You'll work in an environment where actionable insights from data are valued and needed, so you'll be able to see your analysis turn into measurable results for our company and our borrowers.

What we're looking for:
Knowledgeable in applied stats (e.g., hypothesis testing, linear and logistic regression)
Experience with SQL and R/Python
Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values
Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility, drive and teamwork
Numerically-savvy and smart with ability to operate at a speedy pace
Ability to quickly piece together disparate pieces of information to form a broader picture
Ability to use data to detect bugs, surprises, and other important business issues
Determination to pursue a question until reaching a satisfactory conclusion
Experience with consumer (especially consumer finance) data a plus
Data visualization skills preferred
MS or PhD preferred
What you'll love:
Competitive compensation (base + bonus & equity)
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Personal development and technology & ergonomic budgets
Life insurance and disability benefits
Clubs and Activities (game nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, book club, investing club, money discussions, photography club and basketball teams)
Generous vacation policy
401(k) retirement plan
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
