Job Description
Healthcare Data Analytics PhD / Sr. Data Scientist

PhD candidates with specific healthcare experience or a Masters with 5 years healthcare experienced folks only please.

This is a Direct Hire/Full Time Employee salaried opportunity in Columbus, Ohio.

NO third parties and NO corp-to-corp please.

EAD/OPT and H1B candidates eligible!

Do you consider yourself a Data Scientist? Do you have a PhD in Statistics, Mathematics, Bio-stats, Computer Science, or something comparable? Do you love statistics and the manipulation of data? Are you interested in true Big Data environments? Do you have a solid experience with "R" or Python development background? Are you experienced with enterprise level process and procedures? This opportunity with one of Columbus, Ohio best known enterprises may be a great option for you to consider. A recent expansion in their practice has caused a need for "A" players. Is this you?

You will be working on a truly collaborative team.

Company:
Extremely friendly and employee-centric atmosphere
Lots of room for growth, development, educational opportunities
New development
Always use the latest / emerging technologies "Work/Life balance "Company paid Pension "Health insurance "Dental insurance "Vision insurance "Paid Time Off "Paid holidays Primary Role: statistical and machine learning methods applied to predictive analytics problems in the healthcare space "R", SQL, and statistical software experience (ex. SAS/SPSS, etc.) Must have Clinical/Research/Academic -centric current experience Not interested in business (financial services/retail/manufacturing minded analysts) focused professionals.

Ph.D or Masters only.

Heavy research, clinical, or academia projects will be considered.

Heavy on statistical modeling, R, python and statistical software package (ex.SAS/SPSS, etc.) experience

Requirements:
5+ years of experience in statistical modeling (the more the better!)
PhD degrees highly preferred but experience trumps all! (Statistics and/or Computer Science areas are best)
SQL and pl/sql
R , python, and something similar to MATLAB, SAS experience
Machine Learning exposure
Object oriented programming language knowledge/experience (Java/Python)
Ability to work independently
Strong problem-solving skills
Willingness to work with new technologies
Next steps: Call me to discuss your background and more importantly, your future goals!

Oh, and by the way.... Please send your resumes to:

Tom Gaebelein

(614) 246-8512 *OR* (440) 627-6925 x125

tom@emeraldresourcegroup.com
