We believe a large part of building an effective insurance company can be solved with a principled quantitative framework. We are committed to the rigorous development and effective deployment of modern statistical machine learning methods to problems in the insurance industry.

One of our core data science challenges is understanding driving behavior from smartphone sensor data. Dealing with the flood of sensor data requires us to build large-scale systems that ride the big data wave rather than being submerged by it. There is no shortage of computational and statistical challenges to tackle. In addition to telematics risk-scoring, the Data Science team works on core problems in pricing model development, reserving methodology, marketing, and strategic business forecasts.

A Data Scientist at Root is responsible for the end-to-end development of statistical methods and algorithms. This includes taking high-level business challenges, translating them into a concrete, quantitative framework, and shepherding solutions from R&D into production. Data Scientists typically work on cross-functional teams, regularly engaging with the members of various departments including Product, Actuarial, Marketing, and Engineering.
Responsibilities:
Applying principled methods to quantitative insurance challenges in areas such as telematics risk scoring, pricing, reserving, and estimating customer lifetime value.
Learning the required tools to get the job done, e.g. Python, R, Spark, SQL, etc. Building data processing pipelines to quickly iterate on research ideas and put them into production.
Effectively communicating insights from complex analyses.
Taking end-to-end ownership of problem domains and continuously improving upon quantitative solutions.

Minimum Qualifications:

PhD in a quantitative discipline and/or 3+ years of applying advanced quantitative techniques to problems in industry.
Strong demonstrable knowledge of topics such as statistical inference, numerical linear algebra, machine learning, and numerical optimization.
Exceptional communicator and storyteller. Strong programming skills with experience using modern packages in R and Python.
Demonstrated experience building, validating, and applying statistical machine learning methods to real world problems.
Why join Root? Because we believe the best way to move the world forward is the relentless pursuit of ideas. We build things that ought to exist, but would not exist, if we were not building them. We do this through immense dedication to our craft, an unwavering focus on our fellow human beings, and a maniacal obsession with the quality of our creations. Problems stick in our craw, and we don’t let them go until we solve them. We believe in the scientific process and know that experimentation is the best way to find truth. We don’t hold ideas down no matter how crazy they may seem. We foster them, nurture them, and unceasingly test them. If you are the kind of person that loves tackling big problems with a collaborative group of people until you find solutions, you belong here.

We believe our customers deserve insurance that is:
Fair. We lean on data, not demographic labels.
Affordable. We base rates on good driver performance.
Personal. We give our customers the power to affect their rates.
Easy. We create an intuitive experience.
Accessible. We make information clear.
Beyond. We are never, ever satisfied with the status quo.
