Upstart is a leading AI lending platform partnering with banks to expand access to affordable credit. Forbes recently ranked Upstart #12 on its list of "most promising AI companies in America." Inc. Magazine also recognized Upstart as one of the Best Workplaces for 2020.

By leveraging Upstart's AI platform, Upstart-powered banks can have higher approval rates and lower loss rates, while simultaneously delivering the exceptional digital-first lending experience their customers demand. Upstart's patent-pending platform is the first to receive a no-action letter from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau related to fair lending. Upstart is based in San Mateo, California and Columbus, Ohio.

Most Upstarters join us because they connect with our mission of enabling access to effortless credit based on true risk. If you are energized by the impact you can make at Upstart, we'd love to hear from you!

The Team

Upstart's data science team has a direct impact on our company's success. The team consists of full-stack generalists as well as specialists in statistical modeling, analytics or machine learning in each of our locations.

The fundamental goal of the data science team is to explore new models and new data sets that can improve the accuracy of our models. With this goal comes near-limitless challenges to tackle, and that is one of the reasons why Upstart is such a unique opportunity.

The Role

As a Data Science Manager, you will guide and help our Data Scientists and MLEs achieve their potential to make Upstart an even better place to work for our talented team. Whether developing new products or identifying novel approaches to core models, we are continuously seeking the next big ideas to move our business forward.

Reporting to our Co-Founder and Head of Product, the Data Science Manager will lead teams of up to six direct reports. The Manager will lead, guide and participate in the full scope of data science work. Managers on the team will collaborate with each other for planning as well as evaluating productivity and engagement in order to achieve excellence.

What we're looking for:
5+ years of data science experience with people leadership experience and an interest in guiding and building an elite data science team
Strong academic credentials with a master's degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or other quantitative areas of study; Ph.D. preferred
Passion for mentoring with the ability to deliver constructive feedback to bring out the best in a team and help direct reports grow in their careers
Detailed understanding of building good technical solutions with ability to galvanize a technical team into solving a problem, breaking large projects into smaller pieces to meet deadlines; ability to convert ideas into testable hypotheses and/or next steps
Experience with all steps of the modeling process from ideation to productionalizing code
Comfort with programming in Python and/or R
Knowledge of machine learning, pipelines and engineering architecture helpful
Background working with teams in multiple locations helpful
Preference for backgrounds in product-based technology companies or in roles where data science directly impacts a company's bottom line (for example, high stakes quantitative trading or hedge funds)
Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values
Demonstrated business acumen and quantitative thought leadership
Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility, drive and teamwork
Ability to operate at a speedy pace in research or implementation
Numerically-savvy and smart, with an appropriate tolerance for risk
Ability to leverage personal influence and connections to attract top talent
What you'll love:
Competitive compensation (base + bonus & equity)
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Personal development and technology & ergonomic budgets
Life insurance and disability benefits
Clubs and Activities (game nights, Fitstarters, Superwomen, book club, investing club, money discussions, photography club and basketball teams)
Generous vacation policy
401(k) retirement plan
Catered lunches + snacks & drinks
Upstart is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer. We are dedicated to ensuring that underrepresented classes receive better access to affordable credit, and are just as committed to embracing diversity and inclusion in our hiring practices. We celebrate all cultures, backgrounds, perspectives, and experiences, and know that we can only become better together.
