Job Description
CAS uses unparalleled scientific content, specialized technology and unmatched human expertise to help R&D organizations across Commercial, Government and Academic sectors create groundbreaking innovations that benefit the world. As the Scientific Information Solutions Division of the American Chemical Society, CAS manages the largest curated reservoir of scientific knowledge, and for 111 years, has helped innovators mine, assess and apply that information to keep businesses thriving. The CAS team is global, diverse, endlessly curious and strives to make actionable scientific insights accessible to innovators worldwide.

CAS is currently seeking a Data Scientist. This position will be located in our headquarters in Columbus, Ohio.

Data scientists are passionate about data and applying analytical methods while simultaneously understanding the business context in order to arrive at a solution. Data scientists add business value by leveraging vast quantities of data and building accurate mathematical models. Data scientists are skilled in putting well-defined parameters around potentially ambiguous problems, evaluating success based on business-important criteria, and applying modern artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques to large datasets to solve complex business problems.

Duties:
Develop, plan, and execute analytical projects as an individual contributor and in teams
Synthesize analytical findings for consumption by senior business executives
Participate in multiple, assigned research projects with minimal supervision and within time and budget constraints
Organize data from many different types of sources and at significantly varying scales for subsequent analysis
Critically evaluate data for quality measures such as completeness, accuracy, and applicability, applying understanding of relevant research area nomenclature
Solve unusual problems using a combination of appropriate statistics, machine learning, and computational methods
Create technical reports and presentations, describing results with visualization in a manner that the client can understand
Present research results to clients and participate in scientific conferences, peer review panels, and increase company visibility through publications
Perform other duties as assigned
Qualifications:
Master's Degree in Statistics, Economics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Data Science fields and 0-2 years’ experience OR Bachelor's with 2-5 years’ experience.
Experience across a broad range of modern data science and analytics tools (e.g., SQL, Hive, Hadoop, Spark, Python, R)
Experienced with data cleansing, reconciliation, conversion, and validation
Expert knowledge in quantitative methods for business and advanced data science
Proven track record of various artificial intelligence and machine learning techniques to create models that drive significant business results
Demonstrated analytical, multi-tasking, problem solving, organizational, and planning skills
Ability to interpret reports, analyze trends and provide insights
Strong written and verbal communication skills. Demonstrated ability to communicate complicated statistical analytical concepts to business stakeholders in a simplified, comprehendible manner.
Trusted advisor and thought leader on data and analytical techniques
Collaborative team player: Selfless, places team above self. Embraces feedback and shares knowledge with team.
Establish and manage relationships with clients and internal partners
Plan and carry out appropriate professional self-development activities
Ability to travel as required
Desired, but not required:
PhD in Statistics, Economics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Physics, Data Science fields
Experience with Natural Language Processing
Knowledge and experience in chemistry, drug discovery/development, or medical related industry
Conducting analyses using cloud platforms
Experience delivering analytics in a consulting role
CAS offers a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package, including a generous vacation plan, medical, dental, vision insurance plans, and employee savings and retirement plans. Candidates for this position must be authorized to work in the United States and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future. EEO/Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran.
Company Description
CAS uses intuitive technology, unparalleled scientific content and unmatched human expertise to help companies create groundbreaking innovations that benefit the world. As the scientific information solutions division of the American Chemical Society, CAS manages the largest curated reservoir of scientific knowledge, and for 111 years, has helped innovators mine, assess and apply that information to keep businesses thriving. The CAS team is global, diverse, endlessly curious and strives to make scientific insights accessible to innovators worldwide.
