Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

We are currently seeking a Data Scientist. This position is located in Columbus, OH.
JOB SUMMARY
Innovative Opportunity as a member of our NeuroLife Research & Development team!

The Battelle Advanced Analytics group is seeking a Data Scientist to join a team of researchers located in Columbus, OH. Someone in this role is expected to:
Work as part of a cross-disciplinary team to solve research problems using advanced machine learning and statistical techniques
Lead sophisticated modeling and analysis efforts in order to answer specific research questions
Determine appropriate methods, fill in technical details, identify problems and implement solutions, and develop new methods if necessary
Advanced Analytics supports government, academic and private industry clients in the areas of healthcare, national defense, environmental, transportation, and energy. We expect this position to have a focus on algorithms for neurotechnology related to Battelle’s NeuroLife and Bioelectronic medicine programs.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Participate in multiple, assigned research projects with minimal supervision and within time and budget constraints
Critically evaluate data for quality measures such as completeness, accuracy, and applicability, applying understanding of relevant research area nomenclature
Solve unusual problems using a combination of appropriate statistics, machine learning, and computational methods
Lead or assist in producing publications, technical reports and presentations, describing results with tables, graphs, and software tools in a manner that the client can understand
Present research results to clients and participate in scientific conferences, peer review panels, and increase company visibility through publications
Work as part of a cross-disciplinary team to develop research hypotheses and develop funding proposals around these ideas
Build relationships with internal and external clients
Support business development efforts led by others
Plan and carry out appropriate professional self-development activities
Perform other duties as assigned
May present research results to clients and in public forums.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
PhD in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Neuroscience or Biomedical Engineering with a data analysis / machine learning focus
Experience applying machine learning methods to real-world datasets
Expertise in manipulating and analyzing data (e.g., regression, classification, deep learning, machine learning methods, mixed and generalized linear models, time series analysis, longitudinal methods, Bayesian methods)
Deep Programming experience in at least one of Python, R and/or Matlab
Strong analytical, multi-tasking, problem solving, organizational, and planning skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Attention to detail and adaptability
Permanent resident required; US Citizen preferred
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience modeling physiological datasets (e.g. Brain-computer interface, Electromyography etc.)
Publication record in machine learning, AI or neurotechnology
Experience writing grants or other funding proposals
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
