JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.7 trillion and operations worldwide. The firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small business, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands.Chase Consumer & Community Banking (CCB) serves nearly 66 million consumers and 4 million small businesses with a broad range of financial services through our 137,000 employees. The Consumer & Community Banking Business Modeling Center of Excellence is a newly formed unit in support of modeling needs for marketing, finance and operations. Our modelers work directly with each line of business, Consumer Banking, Business Banking, Auto Finance, Credit Card and Commerce Services, Chase Wealth Management and Home Lending, to build state-of-the-art models and tools to support business growth.We are an intellectually diverse team of economists, statisticians, and other analytics professionals, focused on statistical modeling within the Treasury group of Consumer and Community Banking (CCB), the retail banking arm of JPMorgan Chase & Co. The team answers complex and unique questions, utilizing cutting edge analytical techniques and leveraging one of the world's largest repositories of consumer data. We work closely with our partners throughout JPMorgan Chase to assess and execute critical business decisions.The individual hired for this position will build models to answer questions and create forecasts for groups across the Finance organization at JPMorgan Chase. Typical duties for this position include:* Building econometric models for deposits, loans, revenue, or other business drivers* Modeling for regulatory requirements, including stress testing (CCAR/DFAST)* Performing analysis to answer immediate business questions* Identifying data anomalies* Communicating results across audiences throughout JPMorgan ChaseSample projects include:* Building budget and regulatory models to predict deposit account closure rates* Forecasting the performance of branches or bankers to optimize the branch network and staffing* Creating price elasticity models to optimize deposit and loan pricingQualificationsWe are looking for analytics professionals that possess:* Exceptional unstructured problem solving skills* Outstanding communications skills* Professional maturity and demonstrated leadership ability* Passion for analytics* Technical proficiency* Candidates should have a PhD in a quantitative field of study, preferably statistics or economics, and a sound foundation in one or more of the following analytical disciplines:* Linear and non-linear statistical modelingTime series and forecasting* Panel (longitudinal) data analysis* Data manipulation and management* Non-parametric methods* Statistical programming in R, Python, or equivalent* Candidates with a master's and at least three years of quantitative modeling experience will also be considered.
