Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

We are currently seeking an Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist). This position is located in West Jefferson, OH.


JOB SUMMARY
Battelle’s National Security Business Unit is currently seeking candidates for a full time, permanent position as an Energetics Engineer (Research Scientist) to provide support to government and commercial programs focused on the development, testing, evaluation, and implementation of materials, devices, and techniques designed to detect, provide protection against, and mitigate the effects of explosives.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Execution, data analysis, documentation, and client communication assistance on various projects involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assistance in the resolution/troubleshooting of technical difficulties and safety hazards involving munitions/explosives/small arms testing and evaluation.
Assist in the design and planning of projects, potentially including technical leadership of small teams of multidisciplinary scientists and technical support staff in the performance of selected tasks/projects within time and budget constraints.
Drafting of documentation of laboratory findings and results, including progress reports, final reports, and presentations.
Assistance with posters, articles, and presentations for technical conferences.
Assist with business development efforts, including cost estimation and preparation of white papers and proposals.
Oversee, mentor and train lower-level staff.
Domestic travel of approximately 10% of the time, with some travel events lasting 1-2 weeks.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, chemical engineering, mechanical engineering, or a related discipline.
Approximately 5 years of experience with munitions/explosives research, development, and/or test and evaluation
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
Sole US citizenship, with the ability to obtain and maintain required government security clearances as a condition of employment.
Sufficient medical fitness to work in the laboratory and in the field to perform assigned duties, including working in test chambers, test ranges, munitions bunkers, and field environments.
The ability to work in a team environment.
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience with modeling and simulation of explosive/energetic events
Safe handling practices for munitions and ordnance
Small arms handling, modification, armoring, gunsmithing
Experience with instrumentation for characterizing properties of energetic materials (e.g., DSC/TGA, bomb calorimetry, etc.)
Experience with flash X-ray and high-rate data capture (video, audio, pressure, electrical)
Experience with leading DOD contracted efforts including DFARS, IDIQ, and OTA contracted research
Explosives formulation, synthesis, handling, and passivation, including military, commercial, and improvised explosives
Experience with aerosol generation/measurement, sampling, characterization, air pollution analysis, and/or spray systems.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle’s Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelle’s competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
