Introduction
As a Data Scientist at IBM, you will help transform our clients data into tangible business value by analyzing information, communicating outcomes and collaborating on product development. Work with Best in Class open source and visual tools, along with the most flexible and scalable deployment options. Whether its investigating patient trends or weather patterns, you will work to solve real world problems for the industries transforming how we live.

Your Role and Responsibilities
Quantum computers are incredibly powerful machines that take a new approach to processing information. Built on the principles of quantum mechanics, they exploit complex and fascinating laws of nature that are always there, but usually remain hidden from view. By harnessing such natural behavior, quantum computers can run new types of algorithms to process information more holistically. They may one day lead to revolutionary breakthroughs in materials and drug discovery, the optimization of complex manmade systems, and artificial intelligence. We expect them to open doors that we once thought would remain locked indefinitely.

IBM Services is looking for a Quantum Data Scientist who will interface with research and algorithm experts to implement quantum approaches, which includes data pre-/post-processing, running numerics and visualizing data. Working with quantum industry experts, you will be a key member of a multi-discipline squad focused on building quantum capabilities and researching quantum application development for clients within public sector industries, including government, life sciences and healthcare.

Responsibilities include:
Work with IBM Q Start team on active exploratory research engagements to prepare for future use case commercialization within specific industry
Engage and educate client data science teams to define promising areas for quantum exploration
Implement quantum approaches, which includes data pre-/post-processing, running numerics and visualizing data
Collaborate with industry and solutioning experts to design and shape experiments to demonstrate quantum-enabled advantage
Define best practices related to information architecture, including collection, integration, organization, analysis and visualization of data for quantum-enabled impact
Engage in practice development initiatives focused on building employee knowledge and skills in specific areas of expertise through coaching and development of training course material
Global travel will be required once we return to a travel-safe normal.


Required Technical and Professional Expertise
PhD/Masters in STEM-related fields with knowledge in quantum computing.
5+ years of data engineering and data science experience
2+ years of consulting experience within specific industries with strong domain expertise and business acumen
Proficiency with classical approaches to machine learning and linear algebra, including Support Vector Machine (SVM) for linear categorization and Singular Value Decomposition (SVD) to reduce dimensionality of data
Familiar with Qiskit software, including Qiskit Aqua for domain applications and Qiskit Terra for quantum circuit design and optimization
Excellent ideation, facilitation and communications skills
Detail-oriented team player with strong interpersonal skills and ability to take a leadership role when necessary
Willingness to travel globally up to 40% once we return to a travel-safe environment.
English: Fluent
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
2+ years of experience in the pharma or healthcare industry, with knowledge of industry trends, R&D areas, and computationally intensive processes (e.g. drug design)
Familiarity with Qiskit
About Business Unit
IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when youre looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBMs greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
For additional information about location requirements, please discuss with the recruiter following submission of your application.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
