Arcadis is seeking an Environmental Scientist/GIS Analyst to join our Environment Permitting and Compliance practice in the Midwest or Eastern U.S.

As an Environmental/GIS Analyst, you will support a variety of clients from a range of market sectors (linear utilities, oil and gas, rail and transit and renewable energies) with tasks associated with environmental planning, project siting, and spatial data analysis. Additional responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Supporting data management, spatial data collection and resource analysis for environmental permitting and siting projects with an emphasis on electric transmission lines and pipelines
Assisting with the development of Public Utility Commission applications and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission filings (particularly in the Midwest and Mid-Atlantic)
Assisting with siting and routing of linear energy projects, critical issues analyses, and resource assessment for environmental planning and permitting efforts
Assisting with the development of field data collection methodologies and support using mobile GPS technology such as Collector for ArcGIS, Survey 123, Trimble and Pathfinder Office
Working with clients and permitting teams in development and maintenance of web maps and dashboards with a focus on field data collection and data management
Designing and preparing complete and accurate working plans, charts, and scaled drawings
Coordinating with project teams to assure compliance with project and budgetary requirements
Maintaining organized files, reports, field surveys, and other data
Desired skills and experience:
Experience providing support for environmental planning and permitting, linear routing and siting, and environmental data management activities, including spatial data collection, ArcGIS Online, or Enterprise GIS.
Knowledge of available software solutions, new technology, and data integration techniques
Strong skills as a self-starter, with ability to balance work on multiple projects simultaneously, and as part of a planning and permitting team
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and organizational skills
Ability to travel up to 10". #LI-RJ1
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in an Environmental Science discipline, Geographic Information Systems, or a related field
4 years of experience in environmental consulting or a related field
Preferred Qualifications:
Master’s degree in Environmental Science discipline, Geographic Information Systems, or a related field
Certified Geographic Information Systems Professional (GISP)
Previous consulting experience related to transmission line siting and natural gas pipelines
Experience with the latest versions of ESRI products
Experience in models and scripting particularly in Python, R, FME, and ArcGIS Pro
Experience with GIS data interoperability with external platforms such as AutoCAD and MicroStation software
Why Choose Arcadis

Arcadis is the leading global design and consulting firm for natural and built assets, and we invite you to join us in partnering with our clients to deliver truly exceptional and sustainable outcomes. Contribute to the world’s most high-profile and transformative projects, from shopping centers in Shanghai and improved traffic flow in Atlanta to state-of-the-art rail systems in Doha, coastal defenses for Manhattan and cleaner air in Los Angeles.

Work alongside the industry’s foremost thought leaders and accomplished professionals, generating effective, real-world results. We are Arcadis: 27,000 people in more than 70 countries, creating value by applying our collective wisdom to every challenge. Our culture is collaborative, we believe in diversity and the power of global teamwork, and we own the responsibility to sustain the Earth and its people in a safe and balanced way.

Arcadis. Improving quality of life.

About this Business Line

Now more than ever, businesses and governments recognize the need to incorporate environmental concerns into their decision making. As the leader in global environmental services, Arcadis has provided innovative and sustainable solutions to some of the world’s most complex projects. We literally wrote the book on environmental remediation, and our experts continue to pioneer the development and application of cutting-edge approaches in environmental planning, site evaluation, environmental construction and strategic environmental consulting as well. Join us in making a cleaner, safer world a reality.

We are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, people with disabilities and veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. We are dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by law.
