Job Description
New Challenge: New Team, New Office! Protect Our Environment With Your Algorithms

Have you ever thought about pipelines and integrity? Why should pipelines need machine learning?

The answer is simple: Pipeline inspections generate a lot of sensor data (e.g. from ultrasonic sensors) which have to be analyzed using state of the art computer vision techniques. Think of it like doing healthcare just for pipelines.

Interested? Then learn more about industrial machine learning applications and data analysis for pipeline data in a start-up environment. Be part of a new team. Shape the team and your future. Enjoy working in a multi-cultural and multi-national team.

We love Python, C++, Tensorflow, Docker, Kubernetes and want to stay as close as possible to the state of the art tools, research in machine learning, data science and big data. Our ideal team member has a creative mind and natural curiosity when faced with challenging data science tasks. We cherish self-improvement and continuous learning and we offer the possibility to create new data-driven visions for the future using your own methods.

We are looking for a new team of:
Data Engineers for Industrial Image Data
Data Scientists for Industrial Image Processing
Software Developers / C++/PyThon
Linux Administrators / DevOps
You will be working in an extremely creative environment with a lot of freedom, focused on a joint target with great opportunities to grow internationally.

ROSEN is going to extend its Data Analytics Footprint in Columbus, Ohio and you can be part of this groundbreaking journey for our company.

Responsibilities:
Designing and applying (machine learning) algorithms for extraction of information from image data
Deriving technical parameters and specifications from measured data
Performance estimation and definition of algorithm test procedures
Deployment of algorithms as minimum viable products focusing on early customer feedback
Creation and maintenance of related technical documentation
Researching, rating and implementing development tools
Using open source software libraries from the field of signal processing, computer vision and data science
Deliver production code stemming from scientific ideas with support from our software engineers
Closely collaborate with teams around the world to improve our products
Professional guidance of Junior level Data Scientists
Visit of national and international conferences on a regular basis
Requirements:

To become part of the ROSEN family, you convince through a result-oriented, structured and independently working method. Moreover, you should bring with you:
Deep understanding of Computer Vision and Machine Learning methods applied in an industrial context
Hands-on experience with gathering of image data and image data cleaning
Solid knowledge of applied mathematics (linear algebra, optimization, probability theory)
Basic knowledge of physics
Experience with at least one object oriented programming language (e.g. Python, C++)
Basic understanding of professional software development
Education and Experience
University degree in physics, electrical engineering, computer science or similar fields
5+ years relevant work experience in industry in the field of Computer Vision
About Rosen-Group:

The ROSEN Group in Coumbus, USA acts as a partner in technology development for 20 global subsidiaries. The location supports the entire Group, developing, building and delivering innovative solutions based on client requests.

ROSEN USA offers an exceptional working environment, salary commensurate with experience and incredible benefits package.
Company Description
ROSEN is a leading privately owned company serving the oil and gas industry with inspection, integrity, and rehabilitation products and services. For over 35 years, ROSEN has provided the industry with advanced inspection solutions to ensure safe and economical operation of a wide range of assets and facilities. The ROSEN Group operates in more than 120 countries and employs over 3,000 people.

ROSEN is an extended team of people with a passion for technology and innovation. Our claim “empowered by technology” is the key to our sophisticated and highly innovative products and services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries. The focus of all our research efforts and high tech solutions is on a safe operation of assets and therefore provide protection for both people and the environment.
