To perform routine and non-routine, work-flow processes within the Quality Control Laboratory to meet regulatory (FDA & ICH), internal and external customer requirements by testing of starting materials, intermediates, non-commercial finished products, method development and validation while ensuring regulatory compliance standards are met by Hikma Pharmaceuticals.

Perform non-commercial qualitative, quantitative chemical and physical test as specified by compendia (USP, JP, BP), regulatory authority (FDA & ICH) for starting materials, packaging components, intermediates and finished products.
Review and approve test results to ensure consistent quality standards are met.
Interface with new products Analysis, development and validation in order to facilitate appropriate, consistent compliance and approaches. Perform analytical transfers for Multi-source and brand products internally and externally.
Maintain laboratory data in an orderly manner in laboratory notebooks. Performs analytical tasks in compliance with cCMPs, cGLPs, FDA, ICH guidelines to support regulatory submissions and maintains laboratory cleanliness.
Perform Gap Analysis of current and older Validation reports to ensure consistencies in compliance with national and international quality standards are met.
Independently takes the lead on the assigned projects, identifying and performing the required analytical tasks for development, registration, filings and responses to deficiencies and other testing. Coordinates internal and external analytical resources ensuring that the project time-lines are met. Participates in cross function teams. Provides technical expertise to internal and external customers to support business objectives.
Mentor and train analysts on new or improved methods, techniques and instrumentation to ensure RFT and compliance.
Develop and validate analytical method to meet SOPs, ICH, JP, EP, USP, EMEA, and FDA requirements.
Author technical reports for development and validation of analytical methods.
Offers and implements solutions for technical problems during analytical development and formulation, release or stability testing.
All other duties as assigned.

M.S. in a scientific discipline (preferably Chemistry) with two to four years experience in analytical Chemistry in the Pharmaceutical Industry, or
B.S. in a scientific discipline (preferably Chemistry) with three to five years experience in analytical Chemistry in the Pharmaceutical Industry.
Knowledge of the most current national FDA/ICH guidances and national Pharmacopeias is required.
Experience with the following analytical techniques is required:
For APIs: UV, HPLC, GC, wet Chemistry techniques
For Pharmaceutical products: UV, HPLC

Please note that Express does not accept unsolicited resumes or calls from third-party recruiters or employment agencies. In the absence of a signed Master Service Agreement and approval from HR to submit resumes for a specific requisition, Express will not consider or approve payment to any third-parties for hires made.
