Abbott is a global healthcare leader that helps people live more fully at all stages of life. Our portfolio of life-changing technologies spans the spectrum of healthcare, with leading businesses and products in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic medicines. Our 103,000 colleagues serve people in more than 160 countries.

Scientist:

Primary Function/Primary Goals/Objectives:

The primary functions of this position are performance of analytical testing on ingredients and finished product as prescribed in various quality procedures, while assuring quality standards are met. This position also requires producing the highest quality results while operating within the constraints of the safety guidelines to meet the manufacturing schedule. Scientist will assist Lab Analyst with training, reviewing data, reporting data and performing instrument maintenance. Scientist will also assist Senior Scientist with method development and validation projects. Scientist may provide direct supervision of employees.

Responsibilities:
Conducts method research under the guidance of a research scientist, project coordinator, or R&D manager.
Directs own daily activities utilizing multiple experimental techniques and incorporates appropriate procedures.
Correlates and verifies ideas through experimentation. May interact with other groups and share information.
May conduct routine testing of commercial and research samples.
Operate and provide maintenance on various types of analytical instrumentation, including HPLC, UPLC and possibly LC/MS and GC.
Conduct investigations into method deviations and out of specifications results.
Ensure compliance, overall data integrity, and adherence to SOPS, safety, and in-house regulations.
Provide supervision of employees.
Review work of direct reports.
Competencies:
Ability to work well with others by sharing laboratory equipment and space.
Responsible for documentation accuracy, quality, and timeliness of experimental results.
Ability to summarize data and analyze results; formulate conclusions and review progress with supervisor/manager.
Ability to supervise technical personnel.
Participate in routine maintenance, lab safety, GMP implementation as appropriate.
Perform training of Lab Analysts.
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong drive for results.
Requirements:
Minimum B.S. in a scientific field.
At least 3+ years of experience in research or industry laboratory.
Experience with supervising direct reports a plus
Experience with operating and performing maintenance on HPLC and/or LCMS.
Experience with Sample Manager (LIMS) and Empower data systems preferred but not required
Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel a plus
