Battelle is guided by a founding mission. We invest our knowledge, talents and resources, helping our customers achieve their most important goals. We apply scientific rigor and creativity, succeeding where others may fail, and we invest in our communities, making the world better for generations to come. All of us share a common purpose: to solve the greatest challenges of today and tomorrow.

Our 22,000 employees work at the forefront of scientific innovation to tackle critical challenges in security, human health, manufacturing, energy and environmental management. Battelle’s work is grounded in the belief that science, technology and a passion for excellence can make industries more competitive and the world a better place.

We are currently seeking a full-time Bioinformatician Research Scientist with experience in the analysis and reduction of proteomic, metabolomic, and metagenomic data sets. This full-time position is located in Columbus, Ohio. Some domestic and international travel is anticipated.
JOB SUMMARY
Technical leadership and support to laboratory and field studies in the analysis and reduction of proteomic, metabolomic, and metagenomic data sets; and the design and execution of experiments in the context of the impacts of environmental pollutants under various environmental conditions.
MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES
Designing, planning, and leading experiments within time and budget constraints of small teams of scientists and technical support staff involving:
i) examining the impact of environmental pollutants and conditions on the biochemistry of degradation of various materials;
ii) analysis of proteomic, metabolomic, and metagenomic data;
iii) ability to examine metabolic pathways with KEGG
iv) ability to analyze data with MG-RAST to identify genes and pathways related to plastics degradation
Presenting and reporting technical progress and results
Assisting in preparing scientific journal publications and presenting at professional meetings
Assisting in the development of proposals, marketing plans and identifying business opportunities
Additionally, the selected candidate will be expected to guide and train other laboratory staff, as well as to perform certain administrative functions, as necessary, to ensure smooth functioning of experiments and timely distribution of program deliverables. Domestic and potential international travel is anticipated.
THE FOLLOWING IS REQUIRED
Ph. D. (or MS and 5 years experience or BS and 10 years experience) in biology, microbiology, environmental toxicology, or similar biological science degree.
Experience in laboratory and field-based studies
Experience/proven ability to utilize KEGG
Experience/proven ability to use MG-RAST
Experience/proven ability to code using R
Familiarity with genomic resources (e.g., RefSeq, Ensembl, dbSNP, DGV, dbVAR, ClinVar, ExAC or UCSC Genome Browser)
Must be US Citizenship, with the ability to obtain and maintain required government security clearances as a condition of employment
Sufficiently medically fit to work in the laboratory and in the field to perform assigned duties
The ability to work in a team environment
Excellent written and oral communication skills
THE FOLLOWING IS DESIRED
Experience working within laboratory quality management systems (e.g., ISO 9001, ISO17025, GLP)
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
The above statements are intended to describe the nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, activities and skills required of staff members. No statement herein is intended to imply any authorities to commit Battelle unless special written permission is granted by Battelle's Legal Department.

BENEFITS

Battelles competitive benefits program includes comprehensive medical and dental care, matching 401K, paid time off, flexible spending accounts, disability coverage, and other benefits that help provide financial protection for you and your family.

Battelle provides employment and opportunities for advancement, compensation, training, and growth according to individual merit, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, age, genetic information, disability, veteran-status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable Federal, state, or local law. Our goal is for each staff member to have the opportunity to grow to the limits of their abilities and to achieve personal and organizational objectives. We will support positive programs for equal treatment of all staff and full utilization of all qualified employees at all levels within Battelle.

For more information about our other openings, please visit www.battelle.org/careers
