N/A

Senior Scientist: Medicinal Chemistry

UCB – Inspired by patients. Driven by science.

Help us transform patients’ lives.

Salary: Competitive plus benefits

Location: Slough, UK

Opening Date: 8th June 2020

Closing date: 8th July 2020

About UCB

At UCB, we put our heart, soul and skills into making a difference for people living with severe diseases. We look to transform patients’ lives by pushing the boundaries of what is possible. With us, our talent makes the most of who they are, unlocking innovation and setting new standards for patients.

Everything we do starts with a simple question: “How will this make a difference to the lives of people living with severe diseases?” And to find the answers, we connect globally with patients and their families living with the physical and social burdens of severe disease. These connections give us new perspectives, drive our innovation, and offer a hope for a new generation of therapies that will help to transform lives.

To strengthen our Medicinal Chemistry Group, we are looking to fill the position of: Senior Scientist.

What We Offer

An opportunity to:
Apply your chemistry expertise, analytical skills, communication and team working abilities to drive our innovative medicinal chemistry projects from the laboratory, as part of a multi-disciplinary team
Continuously improve knowledge and skills on synthetic/medicinal chemistry and beyond, through training and on-job learning from the execution of scientifically challenging projects with cutting edge drug discovery tools for design and synthesis of potential drug candidates.
Begin to establish your external scientific presence, through quality publications, patents and scientific presentations at internal and external meetings/conferences.
About the Role

You will be responsible for:
Providing independent scientific leadership from the laboratory.
Developing a broad understanding of the drug discovery process, such as intellectual property, biology, pharmacology, DMPK and toxicology.
Proactively facilitating the insemination of scientific and technological advancement throughout global chemistry.
Independently designing and skilfully executing synthetic routes to create biologically relevant complex small molecules as potential drug candidate.
Critically assessing program data, independently derives SAR understanding and generates critical hypotheses to address project challenges.
Establishing effective communication and networks within global chemistry and adjacent departments.
Acting as an internal ambassador for the Medicinal Chemistry Department and to contribute to its growth at UCB.
About You

Mandatory requirements:
Demonstrate a track record of scientific leadership and delivery of results.
Senior level candidates with significant industrial experience should have a track records of efficient delivery of medicinal chemistry programs.
A relevant degree (i.e. in Organic Chemistry) coupled with appropriate industrial experience.
Applicants with industrial experience will need to show sound knowledge of computational chemistry, chemoinformatic, drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics (DMPK) with detailed understanding of, and commitment to novel enabling technologies and ways of working in order to truly advance medicinal chemistry discipline to achieve high productivity.
Excellent communication skills are essential along with an established record of high-quality publications.
UCB – The Facts

With more than 7500 employees in approximately 40 countries, we are a global biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Brussels, Belgium which invests more than 25% of revenue in cutting-edge scientific research to meet unmet patient needs. A few other reasons that make UCB an amazing place to work:
Promising pipeline that includes several novel molecules and no major patent expiration in the next decade;
About 25% of 2016 revenue reinvested into Research & Development
2016 Key Financials: €4.2 billion global revenue Specialties: Neurology, Immunology
If you would like to apply for this position please submit your CV and include a research summary, focussing on your academic achievements.

N/A
