The Business Planning and Analysis (BP&A) team is a part of Consumer and Community Banking Finance and Operations. The Quantitative Workforce Optimization (QWO) team is tasked with delivering quantitatively driven solutions to support the core BP&A functions (demand forecasting, capacity planning, resource scheduling, and business analysis & support). The BP&A team supports Chase's call centers, back office, and ~5,200 retail branches.

Projects engaged by the QWO team can be complex, data intensive, and of a high level of difficulty, each having significant impact on the business. Typically these problems will be of an unstructured nature, whereby the employee will be expected to quickly assess and comprehend the situation then develop a practical problem solving strategy. You will be expected to analyze the topic in question, develop solution proposals and review their results and next steps with management for prioritization and delivery.

The QWO team has four core functions:
Data Infrastructure & Controls
Run-the-Bank Quant
Change-the-Bank Quant
Operations
The Run-the-Bank Quant team is tasked with ensuring the day-to-day analytics and reporting activities are delivered quickly and to stakeholder satisfaction. Particular focus is paid to ad-hoc and executive questions surrounding:
Scenario analyses in support of CAO, marketing, National Sales, site strategy, call center, etc. troubleshooting
Exploratory data analysis for root-cause explanations to answer the pre/post "why" questions (e.g. why are call times 15% higher than our YoY counts)
Non-operational but informational reporting / visualization and executive presentations
Responsibilities

The RTB Quant Vice President will be charged with delivering on the RTB functional priorities listed prior. Your work will directly support the greater CCB BP&A efforts to ensure they have the best and most predictive data available for use, and will work hand-in-hand with them to ensure Chase maintains the best quantitative workforce optimization.

Qualifications

Educational Background

Bachelor's Degree with 5+ years or Master's+ with 3+ years of experience operating as an analytics professional (e.g. data scientist, statistician, or related professions) in a quantitative field: Statistics, Analytics, Data Science, Engineering, Operations Research, Economics, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Science, Information Science, and related disciplines.

Technical Skills
Hands on experience delivering descriptive statistics, inference, and visualizations to communicate with partners and stakeholders.
Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, SparkML, etc.
Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL, Hive, etc.)
Excellent analytical skills with a track record in defining customer strategies through the use of data
Problem Solving & Leadership Skills
Must have strong interpersonal skills and ability to deliver and defend your analytics insights under executive scrutiny
Developing and communicating business recommendations and insights in easy-to-understand-way leveraging data to tell a story
Demonstrated relationship building skills, with a superior ability to make things happen through the use of positive influence.
History of making an impact, developing and executing on strategies and delivering superior results in both the short and long term
Develop and maintain working relationship with other businesses, functional groups and vendor organizations. Ability to work effectively and gain credibility and respect of others. Lead and persuade others while positively influencing the outcome of team efforts.
Preferred Skills
Advanced expertise with Time Series and Operations Research techniques.
Experience with Spark, Trifacta, HiveQL, Alteryx, and SAS
Experience with Tableau or Qlik
Chase is a leading financial services firm, helping nearly half of America's households and small businesses achieve their financial goals through a broad range of financial products. Our mission is to create engaged, lifelong relationships and put our customers at the heart of everything we do. We also help small businesses, nonprofits and cities grow, delivering solutions to solve all their financial needs.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
