Help us transform patients' lives.

At UCB, we put our heart, soul, and skills into making a difference for people living with severe disease. Working together to push the boundaries, we blend the best of our talents to unlock innovation. Will you join us in our pioneering adventure?

Closing date - 22nd July 2020

Role overview

Supporting the progression of drug molecules at all stages of research and clinical development with a particular focus on therapeutics with immune tolerance/ reset potential. To generate translational in vitro assays; to test novel therapeutics, investigate mechanisms of action and to identify novel therapeutic axes. Enable identification of appropriate patient populations or sub-populations that would benefit from these therapeutic molecules.

This role will be located in Slough, UK.

Primary responsibilities
Working with project teams, develop and design disease relevant assays that reflect the biology of the target.
Using a range of scientific competencies, develop robust in vitro or in vivo assays for: screening, function; mechanism; target validation as appropriate.
Ability to analyse, interrogate data, and troubleshoot technical issues. Propose novel targets within the immune reset pillar using both unbiased data-driven and hypothesis-driven approaches.
Propose novel targets within the immune reset pillar using both unbiased data-driven and hypothesis-driven approaches.
Using excellent communication and team working abilities, disseminate high quality data for wider review in reporting and visualisation environments.
Present experimental data at cross-functional meetings and external conferences.
Maintain compliant procedures by completing training modules and maintaining experimental records.
Aim to publish work in high impact scientific journals and in patents.
Display awareness of published literature and externally available platforms and technologies.
Depending upon experience, contribute to the development and incorporation of new technologies and/or techniques and mentoring/training of other scientists.
Hold a personal licence to carry out in-vivo duties and be compliant with appropriate legislation.
If your role requires use of or is related to human tissue then you are required to comply with HTA regulations, ensuring that relevant training is up-to-date and that you have read and understood the HTA Policies and Procedures Manual.
Maintain Health & Safety awareness to ensure safe working practices for our staff and contractors.
Essential requirements
A BSc (or equivalent) in Biological science
A strong background in Immunology and experience in isolating, culturing and assaying primary human B and T cells
Apply experience with relevant technologies and associated software packages, including but not limited to: flow and mass cytometry; imaging; histology; immunoassays, cell culture.
• Strong molecular biology skills and a good understanding of genetics and gene editing technology such as CRISPR as well as single cell RNA sequencing.
ChIP Seq and or ATAQ seq experience would be advantageous
complying with HTA guidelines.
Comply with guidelines relating to data capture, monitoring and sharing, including but not limited to Biobook and Abase templates, the Antibody Data Mart and Spotfire.
Please ensure all applications are submitted by 22nd July 2020

About us.

UCB- Inspired by Patients. Driven by Science. Everything we do starts with a simple question: “How will this create value for people living with severe diseases?” By putting patients at the heart of what we do, our approach – from discovery to development to delivery – is continuously transformed and designed around patient needs and their journey.

With a team of approximately 7,500 employees and operations in more than 40 countries, we are a global biopharmaceutical company investing more than a quarter of our revenue in cutting-edge scientific research. We are focused on addressing chronic, neurological, immunological, and bone diseases.

Curious to know more? Please visit our website www.ucb.com.

UCB and its subsidiaries encourage diversity and inclusion in the workplace; we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
