The Ohio Department of Health seeks a high-potential
emerging leader to join our Mycobacteriology (TB) group at Ohios Public Health
Laboratory. As a Laboratory Scientist 3,
youll save lives by helping us maintain critical expertise in the identification
of M. tuberculosis Complex and drug
susceptibility testing. Youll also build
a career-expanding skillset as you assist your section supervisor with
day-to-day lead work and development of junior staff.

JOB DUTIES (PRIMARY):
Performs
highly specialized testing for clinical and/or radiochemistry samples
related to public health emergencies, investigations, public health
programmatic grant requirements, and federal government requests that
require advanced knowledge, training, and judgment.
Adapts,
develops, modifies, and implements testing protocols to the extent
permitted by laboratory policy to perform high complexity testing
techniques (e.g. polymerase chain reaction, time resolved fluorescence,
liquid scintillation, staining & culturing methods to identify bacteria,
viruses, or chemical compounds)..
JOB
DUTIES (ADDITIONAL):
Performs
advanced interpretation of results using understanding of theory, concepts
and principles of methodology in a multi-step process for special and/or
complex microbiological and/or radiochemistry preparations, examinations,
identifications analysis, isolations, and evaluations (e.g., amplification
test for the detection of shiga-like toxins, serotyping of salmonella,
shigella, and Escherichia coli 0157:H7).
Maintains
log (e.g., date of receipt, specimen number, subsequent results) of all
specimens received.
Works
independently to solve problems and resolve issues interfering with
testing; customizes analytical methods to improve efficiency, performance,
and quality.
Responsible
for maintenance and updates of electronic procedure manuals for designated
testing areas to ensure compliance and documentation for all quality
control procedures, regulations, safety procedures, and testing protocols
as established for bureau.
Provides
effective customer service to physicians, local health departments, and
other government agencies:
communication
of specialized test results
delivery of
workshops and seminars
Performs
advanced equipment calibrations and quality control and test ranges. Monitors equipment operating efficiency/effectiveness
to diagnose, troubleshoot, and address malfunctions. Notifies microbiology/chemical supervisor
when vendor assistance is required.
Monitors and
assists lower-level laboratory scientists in test reporting and maintenance
of laboratory records, test results, and information in hard copy or
electronic format.
Assists
microbiology/chemical supervisor in the development of standard operating
procedures (SOPs) and testing methodologies for which there is no
published, established standard protocol or method (e.g., underivitized
tandem mass spectrometry applications or high-performance liquid
chromatography applications for chemical select agents).
Uses
laboratory data and findings to produce technical and scientific reports
and papers.
Testifies
and participates in depositions as required by courts of law in lawsuits
involving testing performed by the Ohio Department of Health Public Health
Laboratory.
As directed,
records and maintains laboratory records, test results and information in
hard copy or electronic format.
Maintains
clean and orderly work area.
Tracks and
maintains inventory of needed supplies/equipment, informing other personnel
as appropriate.
As assigned,
serves as a member of a disaster recovery/business resumption team,
incident response team, or similar public health response team which may
include the conduct of operations on a 24/7 basis at remote locations.
UNUSUAL
WORKING CONDITIONS:
Exposed to
biofluids and tissue, sharps, caustic or toxic chemicals, and/or
explosives.
MINIMUM CLASS QUALIFICATIONS FOR EMPLOYMENT:
Must be vaccinated for Hepatitis-B (or be willing to
undergo vaccination prior to start), AND
Must be able to provide own transportation, AND
Must have at least ONE of the following combinations of education/training
and experience:
Bachelor's
degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory
science, or medical technology; 24 mos. pertinent laboratory experience
or training in the specialty or subspecialty in which the individual will
be assigned., OR

Medical
Laboratory Technician (MLT) certification, OR

Master's
degree in a chemical, physical, biological or clinical laboratory
science, or medical technology; 12 mos. pertinent laboratory experience
or training in the specialty or subspecialty in which the individual will
be assigned or Medical Laboratory Technician (MLT) certification, OR

Education
&/or training equivalent to 60 semester hours, or equivalent, that
included 24 semester hours of medical laboratory technology courses; 30
mos. pertinent laboratory experience commensurate with job duties to be
performed as outlined per approved position description on file, OR

Education
&/or training equivalent to 60 semester hours, or equivalent, that
included 24 semester hours of science (6 semester hours of chemistry, 6
semester hours of biology, and 12 semester hours of chemistry, biology,
or medical laboratory technology in any combination); 30 mos. documented
laboratory exp. in each specialty in which the individual performs high
complexity testing, OR

12
mos. exp. as a Laboratory Scientist 2 (83292) in a clinical laboratory, OR

Equivalent of Minimum Class Qualifications For Employment noted above

ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Applications of those who meet the minimum
qualifications will be further evaluated against the following criteria:
Undergraduate or advanced degree in a
biological, chemical, natural or physical science
Experience performing PCR amplification
procedures
Experience in DNA sequencing
Experience in the validation of new assays
Experience in coordinating laboratory training
programs
Experience in the identification of viruses
(rabies) or use of DFA staining methodology
Experience in maintaining inventory of reagents
and supplies
Experience in writing test procedures and
protocols
Experience in developing, validating, and
maintaining laboratory procedures
Undergraduate core coursework in microbiology
Experience in Mycobacteriology
Experience in dealing with medical and public
health professionals regarding test results and samples
Your application must
specifically address how you meet the above criteria through your experience,
education, knowledge, skill and ability.
