Help us transform patients' lives.

At UCB, we put our heart, soul, and skills into making a difference for people living with severe disease. Working together to push the boundaries, we blend the best of our talents to unlock innovation. Will you join us in our pioneering adventure?

Role overview

We are recruiting for a permanent position in the Transient Mammalian Expression Team within Antibody Production Sciences (APS).

This team is responsible for the production and characterisation of antibody research reagents at a wide range of scales (mg’s to grams) to support UCB’s exciting research and early development pipeline.

We are looking for a junior scientist skilled in mammalian cell culture techniques to join a high-performing team responsible for production of antibody proteins to support all research activities. The role is to perform small- and large-scale transient transfection of HEK and CHO host cells, by electroporation and reagent-based transfection.

The successful candidate will also be expected to contribute to technology development and process optimisation. Responsibilities will also include cell stock maintenance and assaying for protein expression yield post-harvest prior to handing on to the purification team. The APS team has strong links within Discovery Research, as well as therapeutic antibody process development, and is represented on all active research project teams.

The position is located in Slough, UK.

Desired skills and accountabilities are summarised below, however full training can be given to candidates demonstrating exemplary attitudes and behaviours, and a willingness to excel in this field.
Working knowledge of large-scale transfection systems and bioreactors, as well as the use of sterile enclosures, incubators and centrifuges.
Experience in cell stock maintenance, cell counting and viability analysis, and media stock control.
Experience in the use of/or knowledge of HPLC and basic chromatography techniques.
Experience of plasmid expansion techniques, including E.coli transformation, culture and isolation of expanded DNA.
Experience of stable gene integration using transposable elements and/or stable cell line development would be advantageous.
Experienced in the use of excel spreadsheets and logistics databases to prioritise/keep track of on-going requests and to log/keep track of samples.
The successful candidate will be expected to:
Run transient mammalian expression batches at a range of scales to deliver expressed proteins for reagent requests made to the APS team within agreed timelines and across multiple projects.
Understand/interpret data to identify unexpected results and follow product yield and quality.
Be willing and ready to learn new cell culture techniques and/or refine those already acquired. Build knowledge base in this field to aid in the identification, testing and transfer of new methods/technologies for improved efficiency.
Maintain cell stocks and ensure availability of media and transfection reagents.
Demonstrate a flexible and professional attitude with a willingness to work as part of a team and on own initiative.
Demonstrate good presentation, communication and data sharing skills in one to ones and team meetings.
Maintain diligent record keeping of experimental methods and results via electronic laboratory notebooks and UCB’s online registration system.
Maintain lab equipment to high standards, including assisting with maintenance and cleaning protocols.
Essential requirements
A BSc (or equivalent) in a relevant Biochemistry or Biotechnology related field.
Practical experience in an industrial setting would be highly advantageous.
Experience of cell culture and aseptic technique, especially with mammalian HEK and CHO cells.
About us.

UCB- Inspired by Patients. Driven by Science. Everything we do starts with a simple question: “How will this create value for people living with severe diseases?” By putting patients at the heart of what we do, our approach – from discovery to development to delivery – is continuously transformed and designed around patient needs and their journey.

With a team of approximately 7,500 employees and operations in more than 40 countries, we are a global biopharmaceutical company investing more than a quarter of our revenue in cutting-edge scientific research. We are focused on addressing chronic, neurological, immunological, and bone diseases.

Curious to know more? Please visit our website www.ucb.com.

UCB and its subsidiaries encourage diversity and inclusion in the workplace; we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
