JOB POSTING – Research Scientist
Full time Exempt: Research
We are seeking a Research Scientist - Works under the mentorship of an established RI principal investigator or Senior Research Scientists to design experiments and develop protocols to conduct research in a specific scientific area. From the results of studies, helps to develop hypotheses for further investigation. Prepares technical materials such as abstracts, annual reports, scientific papers and presentations. Publishes scientific articles in appropriate refereed journals. Works toward a goal of becoming independent in his/her research effort, and eventually obtaining external research funding.
Rajappa Lab Research Interests:
Molecular mechanisms of brain tumor (glioma) progression, Tumor immunology and microenvironment, Transgenic brain tumor modeling, Myeloid cell heterogeneity and recruitment, Immune infiltration, JAK/stat signaling, Tumor-microenvironment cross talk, Next generation sequencing (NGS), Single-cell sequencing

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
With minimal guidance from a RI mentor, design experiments and develops protocols required to conduct productive research in a specific scientific area. After the study has been designed, performs the research work in accordance with the protocol.
Helps to train and supervise technical support staff in performing specific techniques essential to carrying out the research program.
Records and analyzes data generated by the research study, and helps to plan future research endeavors.
Prepares scientific and technical papers from the results of the research work. Publishes papers in appropriate refereed scientific journals. Presents findings at local (particularly RI research meetings) and national research forums.
If appropriate, collaborates with other ongoing research efforts either at RI or at The Ohio State University.
Works toward research independence. Prepares to submit proposals to and obtain funding from external granting agencies.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Our passion and vision is to rapidly translate research discoveries into lasting treatment options for pediatric patients afflicted with Central Nervous System (CNS) tumors. Specifically, our laboratory is studying the mechanisms that potentiate low to high grade glioma progression. We use transgenic brain tumor mouse models that recapitulate low to high grade glioma progression and correlate our findings with peripheral blood and tumor specimens from patients with CNS tumors. These models also serve as a platform to explore the contribution of the tumor microenvironment and myeloid cells in low grade glioma progression and also test novel therapeutic agents aimed at impairing malignant transformation. Furthermore, modulating myeloid-derived cell population recruitment using JAK 1/2 Inhibitors prior to malignant tumor progression has shown translational promise.
While advances have demonstrated the importance of the microenvironment in various solid tumors, a critical knowledge gap exists with regards to understanding how myeloid cell heterogeneity and cross-talk with other immune cells plays a role in enhancing low grade glioma progression. To address this critical knowledge gap, our team is using a multi-disciplinary approach that leverages single cell sequencing and NGS along with cancer and molecular biology techniques to investigate the dynamic nature of the evolving immune microenvironment within gliomas.
Our long-term goals are to use these innovative tools in order to translate our findings into new age clinical trials for patients with gliomas and validate select myeloid cell populations as in-vivo biomarkers that may enhance risk stratification and targeted approaches for this patient population.
Ultimately, the passion and vision of the Rajappa Lab is to rapidly translate research discoveries into lasting treatment options for pediatric patients afflicted with CNS tumors. If you share this passion and vision, please send your CV, a cover letter, names of 3 references with contact information, and a one page statement of your research interests to Prajwal.Rajappa@nationwidechildrens.org
Please include “Translational Neuro-Oncology Postdoc Position” in the subject line. Competitive applications will be evaluated when they are received and the position will remain open until the position is filled.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
MD, Ph.D, Pharm.D., or equivalent degree.
Desire to pursue a career in biomedical research, and knowledge of the research process.
Necessary technical skills in the appropriate area of research.
Ability to do technical writing, and good communication skills.
Percent of time spent on:
25% Designing and developing protocols
25% Performing research work
25% Recording and analyzing data generated by research study
10% Preparing scientific and technical papers
03% Liaison with OSU researchers
02% Miscellaneous paperwork associated with research
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
100% Kneeling / reaching
100% Finger dexterity
100% Talking / hearing / seeing
33% Lifting / carrying weight 0-20 pounds for 1-5 minutes
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
