JOB POSTING – Post Doctoral Scientist Year 1-3 Mathematical Med Das
Full time; Exempt; Mon-Fri 8 AM – 5 PM
Main Campus; Columbus, OH
A Post Doctoral Scientist position is available immediately for NIH funded projects at the Das Lab at the Battelle Center for Mathematical Medicine at The Research Institute at NationwideChildren's Hospital (www.nationwidechildrens.org/research).
We are seeking outstanding candidates who are interested in applying computational/mathematical methods to solve cutting-edge problems in immunology and cancer immunotherapy. The fellows are expected to work closely with our experimental collaborators and analyze single cell mass cytometry(CyTOF) data, confocal imaging data, and develop data-driven and mechanistic models. Highly motivated and career oriented applicants with expertise in statistical physics, inference methods, optimization techniques, topological data analysis, agent based models, field theoretic methods, and evolutionary dynamics are particularly encouraged to apply. No previous background in immunology is required however the fellow is expected to be interested in learning the relevant immunology and communicate with our collaborators. The fellow also is required to know to code in Python/R/C/C++.The positions are available initially for one year and can be potentially extended.

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
With guidance from a CRI mentor, design experiments and develops protocols required to conduct productive research in a specific scientific area. After the study has been designed, performs the research work in accordance with the protocol.
Helps to train and supervise technical support staff in performing specific techniques essential to carrying out the research program.
Records and analyzes data generated by the research study and helps to plan future research endeavors.
Prepares scientific and technical papers from the results of the research work. Publishes papers in appropriate refereed scientific journals. Presents findings at local (particularly CRI research meetings) and national research forums.
If appropriate, collaborates with other ongoing research efforts either at CRI or at The Ohio State University.
This is considered a training position therefore the RI will allow a trainee 5 years to advance beyond the level of Post Doc.
Works toward research independence. Prepares to submit proposals to and obtain funding from external granting agencies.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
PhD in Physics/Chemical Engineering/Computer Science/Biomedical engineering or a related
field will be considered.
Expertise in statistical physics, inference methods, optimization techniques, stochastic simulations, Monte Carlo methods, and evolutionary dynamics Programming skills in Fortran/C/C++ and Perl/Python.
Ability to do technical writing, and good communication skills.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Sitting Constantly (67-100%)
Talking on phone/in person constantly (67-100%)
Typing on a keyboard occasionally (0-33%)
Standing/walking occasionally (0-33%)
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
