JOB POSTING - Post Doctoral Scientist Motor Neuron
Full Time; Benefits Eligible
We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist - The Post Doctoral Scientist is responsible for designing experiments and develop protocols to conduct research on the molecular basis and pathophysiology of motor neuron degeneration, including ATP7A-related distal motor neuropathy and p97/VCP-related motor neuron degeneration, using mouse and zebrafish models. From the results of these studies, the incumbent will assist in development of hypotheses for further investigation, including possible clinical trials. The incumbent will work with the PI on preparation and submission of grant proposals for funding of the incumbent’s individual project(s). The appointment as a Post-Doctoral Scientist is for a maximum length of five years.

Why Nationwide Children’s Hospital
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 12,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
The research training will be broad-based within the realm of molecular and cell biology, biochemistry, genetics, and gene therapy. With guidance from the PI, the incumbent will design experiments and develop protocols required to conduct productive research. After the study has been designed, the incumbent will perform the research work in accordance with the protocol.
The incumbent will record and analyze data generated by the research study, and help to plan future research endeavors.
The incumbent will prepare scientific and technical papers from the results of the research work and publish papers in appropriate refereed scientific journals. The incumbent will present his/her findings at local (e.g., CRI Annual Scientific Retreat and/or the Center for Clinical and Translational Science at Ohio State University Medical Center), as well as national and international research forums.
This is considered a training position; therefore, the Research Institute will allow Post-Doctoral training for up to five years.
Works toward research independence. Prepares to submit proposals to and obtain funding from external granting agencies.

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
MD, Ph.D, Pharm.D., or equivalent degree.
Necessary technical skills in the appropriate area of research.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Talking on phone/in-person Constantly (67-100%)
Finger dexterity Constantly (67-100%)
Seeing Constantly (67-100%)
Lifting / carrying weight 0-20 pounds Occasionally (0-32%)
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE M/F/Disability/Vet
