Location:* OnlineFranklin University is seeking an adjunct faculty member to teach Advanced Quantitative Research Design and Analysis. This is an online 8-week course beginning Fall 2020. This is an advanced course in statistics that covers complex analyses used in education and data-driven decision making. The course is designed to broaden and deepen student understanding of advanced statistics in multivariate techniques. The emphasis of the course is on practical application of concepts learnt. To this end, the course is developed to balance theory and application and provides numerous opportunities for application to practical problems.The position requires a Doctorate and previous scholarship and research experience. Candidates who are ABD may also be considered. Three years of teaching experience in higher education is preferred. Preference will be given to candidates that possess a doctorate with an emphasis in quantitative methodology or mixed methodology as well as experience in applying quantitative methods and design with proven success in conducting quantitative research and potential for excellence in guiding student research projects.About Franklin UniversityFounded in 1902, Franklin University has built its reputation on removing barriers to higher education for ambitious adults who must balance their educational goals with other commitments. Accredited and nonprofit, Franklin has earned its long-standing reputation as an innovator in online education. The University offers applied, in-demand undergraduate, master's and doctorate programs that enable adult learners to achieve their educational and professional goals. From entrepreneurs to CEOs, more than 45,000 Franklin alumni can be found around the world contributing to the communities in which they live and work.Franklin University is committed to creating a respectful and inclusive educational and workplace environment. Franklin does not discriminate on the basis of age, religion, race, ethnicity, color, national origin, ancestry, immigration status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or familial status, disability, or veteran or military status.
