JOB POSTING - Post Doctoral Scientist

Full time Exempt: Main Campus; Mon-Fri 8 AM - 5 PM

We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist -

Works under the mentorship of an established CRI principal investigator or Senior Research Scientists to design experiments and develop protocols to conduct research in a specific scientific area. From the results of studies, helps to develop hypotheses for further investigation. Prepares technical materials such as abstracts, annual reports, scientific papers and presentations. Publishes scientific articles in appropriate refereed journals. Works toward a goal of becoming independent in his/her research effort, and eventually obtaining external research funding. Appointment as a Post Doc is a maximum of 5 years in length.

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?

The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too.

Welcome to Nationwide Children's Hospital, where

Passion Meets Purpose

.

Here,

Everyone Matters

. We're 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we'll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes

a Collaborative Culture

to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.

Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children's badge what they do for a living. They'll tell you it's

More Than a Job

. It's a calling. It's a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.

Nationwide Children's Hospital.

A Place to Be Proud

.

What Will You Be Doing?
With guidance from a CRI mentor, design experiments and develops protocols required to conduct productive research in a specific scientific area. After the study has been designed, performs the research work in accordance with the protocol.
Helps to train and supervise technical support staff in performing specific techniques essential to carrying out the research program.
Records and analyzes data generated by the research study, and helps to plan future research endeavors.
Prepares scientific and technical papers from the results of the research work. Publishes papers in appropriate refereed scientific journals. Presents findings at local (particularly CRI research meetings) and national research forums.
If appropriate, collaborates with other ongoing research efforts either at CRI or at The Ohio State University.
This is considered a training position therefore the RI will allow a trainee 5 years to advance beyond the level of Post Doc.
Works toward research independence. Prepares to submit proposals to and obtain funding from external granting agencies.
What Are We Looking For?

To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
MD, Ph.D, Pharm.D., or equivalent degree.
Necessary technical skills in the appropriate area of research.
Ability to do technical writing, and good communication skills.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:

As an employer, Nationwide Children's recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits' eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:

Percent of time spent on:

25% Designing and developing protocols

25% Performing research work

25% Recording and analyzing data generated by research study

10% Preparing scientific and technical papers03% Liaison with OSU researchers

02% Miscellaneous paperwork associated with research

Minimum physical requirements:

100% Kneeling / reaching

100% Finger dexterity

100% Talking / hearing / seeing

33% Lifting / carrying weight 0-20 pounds for 1-5 minutes

Pressure in this position will vary depending on the workload. The workload will be heavy but manageable most of the time. Pressure may arise in the face of deadlines associated research and manuscript writing.

The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.

EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
