Post Doctoral Scientist- Injury Research & Policy
We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist - The Center for Injury Research and Policy, located in The Research Institute of Nationwide Children's Hospital, is seeking applicants for a post-doctoral fellow in injury research. The center (www.injurycenter.org) is one of 10 CDC-funded Injury Control Research Centers. Columbus is the fifteenth largest city in the U.S. with metropolitan attractions and nearby suburban/rural comfort.
Area of research:
Traffic injuries or substance abuse/overdose
Contact: Motao.Zhu@NationwideChildrens.org; 614-355-6687
Start date: Spring, Summer or Fall 2020
Location and funds for tuition, conference, and pilot project
Columbus is the fifteenth largest city in the U.S. with metropolitan attractions and nearby suburban/rural comfort.
Tuition assistance for courses at Ohio State University and national workshops.
Funds for national conferences.
Funds for pilot projects.

Why Nationwide Children's Hospital?
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 12,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
Develop first-authored and co-authored articles in transportation safety in areas such as cellphone use while driving, traffic laws, health disparities, and drug and alcohol involvement.
Provide direct support to NIH-, CDC-, and NSF-funded studies
NIH R01: Cellphone laws, texting while driving, and traffic crashes among the youngest drivers.
NIH R01: Licensing laws, mobility, and traffic safety among older adults
CDC R21: Behind the wheel (BTW) smartphone application: Utilizing technology to quantify driving behaviors and promote safe driving in adolescents
CDC U01: A multi-state integrated data approach to analyzing older occupant motor vehicle crash and injury risk factors
NSF: Community-driven data engineering for opioid and substance abuse prevention in the rural Midwest
Assist in data analysis.
Assist in grant writing and preparation.
Conduct and coordinate research with the collaborators at Ohio State University College of Public Health, College of Medicine, College of Engineering, and Crash Imminent Safety University Transportation Center.

What Are We Looking For?
Ph.D. in epidemiology, transportation, psychology, public health, or a related field.
Experience in research with peer-reviewed articles.
Experience in injury and violence prevention research is desirable.
Ability to work productively in a team of faculty, staff and students.
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Sitting Constantly (67-100%)
Talking on phone/in person constantly (67-100%)
Typing on a keyboard occasionally (0-33%)
Standing/walking occasionally (0-33%)
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
