JOB POSTING - Post Doctoral Scientist IGM
Full-time;Benefits Eligible
We are seeking a Post Doctoral Scientist - The Institute for Genomic Medicine (IGM) at Nationwide Children's Hospital is creating a future that integrates genomics into the everyday practice of pediatrics. Led by a team of internationally-renowned genomic medicine scientists, IGM is housed in the campus' newest research building, spanning ~25,000 square feet of laboratory and office space in a highly interactive setting.

We're looking for a Postdoctoral Scientist to join our Translational Research Group to analyze and interpret clinical and genomic data in rare genetic diseases and help develop novel computational approaches for data analysis with an emphasis on computational phenotyping. You will have the opportunity to work on a highly collaborative team, developing data analysis methods utilizing a robust enterprise data warehouse and the elasticity of the cloud environment to apply research findings in the clinical setting. Our Postdoctoral Scientists are given a unique training opportunity in a team science environment, with opportunities for co-mentorship tailored to the candidate’s interests as well as robust industry collaborations which will help the candidate to achieve their career goals.

This is an exciting opportunity for a recent PhD graduate or junior postdoc to develop their translational science and computational skills in a clinical research setting, with opportunities to work on a diverse spectrum of projects which have a direct impact on pediatric patient care. Excellent verbal and written communication skills will be essential as the individual will work collaboratively with bioinformaticians, biologists, and clinicians on projects that lead to publications and presentations at professional meetings.

Why Nationwide Children’s Hospital
The moment you walk through our doors, you can feel it. When you meet one of our patient families, you believe it. And when you talk with anyone who works here, you want to be part of it, too. Welcome to Nationwide Children’s Hospital, where Passion Meets Purpose.
Here, Everyone Matters. We’re 13,000 strong. And it takes every single one of us to improve the lives of the kids we care for, and the kids from around the world we’ll never even meet. Kids who are living healthier, fuller lives because of the knowledge we share. We know it takes a Collaborative Culture to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research. Anywhere.
Ask anyone with a Nationwide Children’s badge what they do for a living. They’ll tell you it’s More Than a Job. It’s a calling. It’s a chance to use and grow your talent to make an impact that truly matters. Because here, we exist simply to help children everywhere.
Nationwide Children’s Hospital. A Place to Be Proud.
What Will You Be Doing?
Aid in the design, implementation and evaluation of novel computational tools which leverage both clinical and genomic data to address problems related to rare genetic diseases
Assist with supervision and training of graduate students and junior scientists
Author publications in appropriate refereed scientific journals
Present findings at local and national professional meetings
Work towards establishing research independence by preparing proposals for external grant funding

What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum qualifications and experience:
PhD in Biomedical Sciences with informatics experience or PhD in Biomedical Informatics, Computer Science, Mathematics or a related discipline with experience in NLP/ML, biomedical ontologies or directed acyclic graphs
Experience programming in R and/or Python
Must be a team player with good communication skills and an attention to detail
Your Benefits, Your Wellness:
As an employer, Nationwide Children’s recognizes the importance of the benefits we offer. We also recognize the importance of balancing your work and personal needs. Our benefits and Employee Wellness package is designed to:
Empower you to be a conscientious health care consumer through educational and wellness activities
Establish a work environment that promotes health and well-being
Support your financial protection and security in retirement
Most of our positions are benefits’ eligible from day 1.
Minimum Physical Requirements:
Sitting Constantly (67-100%)
Talking on phone/in person constantly (67-100%)
Typing on a keyboard occasionally (0-33%)
Standing/walking occasionally (0-33%)
The above list of duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under his/her supervision.
EOE M/F/Disability/Vet
