Description

Brief Description:

Huntington Bank is looking for a Sr Data Architect for the Enterprise Data organization led by the Chief Data and Architecture Officer (CDAO). In this role, you will report to the Enterprise Data Capabilities Leader. If you consider data as a strategic asset, evangelize the value of good data and insights, enjoy working with teams, have a deep understanding of business intelligence and analytic tools and capabilities and love building relationships, this role is for you.

Detailed Description:
Design, develop and manage analytical big data infrastructure across the organization.
Develop, update, and maintain code to meet the changing requirements of the business.
Respond to internal client inquiries and troubleshoot any issues with the big data platform.
Ensure best-in-class quality across data sourcing, profiling, standardization, mapping, validation, documentation.
Plan and execute multiple big data analytic projects at once.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree
Min 5 years of work experience in ETL, Data Mining, Data Analysis, or Big Data structures which includes min 1 year of experience with Hortonworks/Cloudera environment
Preferred Qualifications:
Ability to problem-solve, plan, scope, and provide estimates for work effort, producing quality deliverables on time and on budget.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with a proven ability to interact effectively across all organizational levels.
Work effectively in teams as well as independently across multiple tasks while meeting aggressive timelines.
Experience working in a consumer-centric company and with teams of technical professionals in a cross-functional environment.
Ability to embrace change, constructively negotiate constraints, and effectively leverage resources to create exceptional outcomes. Consistently model and inspire high levels of professional demeanor and integrity.
Experience financial services, retail, healthcare, telecommunications, and entertainment industries.
Experience with Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.
Experience with ETL or database programming.
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Data Sciences, Management Information Systems, Decision Sciences, Statistics, Engineering, or Economics.
Strong experience with business intelligence and data mining tools such as Microstrategy, Tableau and SAS Enterprise Guide/Miner.
Experience with Spark, Talend, Hive, NiFi, Kafka and Sqoop
Experience developing and applying statistical or machine learning methods in a corporate environment through applications such as SAS, SPSS, S, S-PLUS, or R.
Experience with machine learning algorithms within a Big Data environment.
EEO/AA Employer/Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity

Tobacco-Free Hiring Practice: Visit Huntington's Career Web Site for more details.

Agency Statement: Huntington does not accept solicitation from Third Party Recruiters for any position
