Help us transform patients' lives.

At UCB, we put our heart, soul, and skills into making a difference for people living with severe disease. Working together to push the boundaries, we blend the best of our talents to unlock innovation. Will you join us in our pioneering adventure?

Opening date: 29th May 2020

Closing date: 30th June 2020

Role overview

UCB are world leaders in antibody drug discovery and development. This is a unique opportunity to join the Antibody Discovery team working with cutting edge technologies to help shape delivery of next generation antibody therapeutics.

The Display Technologies team is part of the Antibody Discovery department, within UCB Early Solutions. The group provides support through the discovery and engineering of antibodies and other macromolecules for projects from early-stage characterization through to filling the pipeline with candidate antibodies to provide therapeutic entities for patients suffering with severe diseases. The group collaborates widely with UCB scientists specializing in specific therapeutic areas, large and small molecule drug discovery, protein engineering, computational design, structural biology, informatics, biophysics and production.

This is an excellent opportunity to join a dynamic and thriving team of scientists, helping to influence the scientific direction of the team and maximise the delivery and impact of in vitro display technologies on antibody drug discovery projects for therapeutic candidates, biomarker and research molecules.

You will be a skilled laboratory-based candidate, with an innovative approach, extensive experience of in vitro display technologies with a detailed knowledge of molecular biology and a proven track record of molecular discovery. You will be helping to deliver best in class molecules, working innovatively with technologies at the cutting edge of research.

This role will be based in Slough, UK.

Primary responsibilities
Hands-on delivery of antibodies to support UCB therapeutic projects.
Using phage display and other in vitro display technologies for the discovery and engineering of antibodies and other binding modalities.
Design, construction and optimization of bespoke display libraries to support antibody discovery, affinity maturation and antibody engineering campaigns.
Using next-generation sequencing data to support antibody discovery and engineering.
Collaborate widely with other teams at UCB including protein biochemists, structural biologists, informatics and CADD scientists to bring value to therapeutic projects.
Supervise and mentor more junior members of the team
Apply knowledge and experience in project meetings to help develop strategy and achieve project goals.
Contribute to and potentially lead the development and/or implementation of new methodologies/techniques in antibody display and engineering.
Work flexibly across project teams to ensure delivery of results against expected timelines.
Present experimental data at cross-functional meetings and external conferences.
Aim to publish work in high impact scientific journals and in patents.
Essential requirements
A PhD (or equivalent) with extensive molecular biology and protein biochemistry knowledge ideally within the antibody space.
An in-depth understanding of in vitro display technologies and antibody discovery is essential.
Expereince in next generation sequencing (NGS).
Demonstrable experience of biochemical techniques for the characterization of macromolecules including ELISA, flow-cytometry, surface plasmon resonance and/or Bio-layer interferometry would be beneficial.
Skills in the use of informatic and other computational platforms in antibody discovery e.g. either in the context of structural biology and/or analysis of next generation sequencing data would be beneficial.
Highly motivated individual with excellent attention to detail and critical data analysis skills.
A proven ability to deliver to deadlines.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to engage with a diverse range of people at different levels both internally and externally.
The candidate will ideally have a track record of publications and/or patents related to antibody discovery and/or engineering.
We can offer you an excellent opportunity to join a leading biopharmaceutical company with opportunities to grow and develop. Within the Antibody Discovery team, you will be helping to deliver best in class molecules, working innovatively with technologies at the cutting edge of research. We are continually looking for ways to work synergistically with our colleagues to deliver therapeutics from both our Display Technologies and automated B cell isolation discovery platforms. In return, UCB is offering a competitive salary and benefits package, with continuous professional and personal development.

About us.

UCB- Inspired by Patients. Driven by Science. Everything we do starts with a simple question: “How will this create value for people living with severe diseases?” By putting patients at the heart of what we do, our approach – from discovery to development to delivery – is continuously transformed and designed around patient needs and their journey.

With a team of approximately 7,500 employees and operations in more than 40 countries, we are a global biopharmaceutical company investing more than a quarter of our revenue in cutting-edge scientific research. We are focused on addressing chronic, neurological, immunological, and bone diseases.

Curious to know more? Please visit our website www.ucb.com.

UCB and its subsidiaries encourage diversity and inclusion in the workplace; we are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
