ApTask is a leading staffing and recruitment company that provides hiring solutions faster than anyone in the industry, Founded in 2010 and headquartered in New Jersey. We deliver quality results for all types of positions including technology, finance, engineering, sales, executive, marketing, accounting, scientific, legal and operational positions across all industries nationwide. We have an immediate opening for the Security Engineer position. Kindly find the details below. If you are interested let me know the best number and time to reach you so that we can have a quick discussion and take it further. You can also reach me at 732.243.0145. It would be great if you could also refer to someone. Description The Security Engineer will be part of the UEBA team and report to the Director of UEBA. Early detection of behavioral trends of activity with understood access of permissions supports a security programs effort build identity profiles of understanding. This allows for greater anomaly detection that foils a security attack but also augments moving from Detective Model to a PreventativePredictive Model. The UEBA team focuses to apply the AI and analytics for effective triaging to improve security posture. The Security Engineer will perform an analytical and technical role in implementation, configuration and analysis of UEBA risk models, scenarios and policies using data from various sources such as SIEM, IAM, ELK stack (Elastic, Kibana, Logstash), MongoDBNoSQL, OLAP cubes, DLP, Tanium, MSSQL, MySQL, Oracle, among others Job Specific Responsibilities ndash Design, document and create content for Risk Fabric (User Entity Behavior Analytics platforms) which includes use cases such as dashboards, event scenarios, metrics, vectors, integrations, reports, and risk models. Investigate, document and report on information security issues and emerging trends to assist creation of new use cases. Identify data sources both internally and externally that can be used to improve insight into activity, implement data exploration technologies accordingly Analyze data to enable a better understanding of each data source Asist with day-to-day interactions with other security teams and other technical stakeholders Candidate Requirements ndash Strong knowledge of cybersecurity Knowledge of Splunk Experience with Big Data frameworks, querying tools and analytics tools in a large-scale implementation in an Enterprise environment Experience in working with MSSQLHadooprelational database queries Familiarity with IDSIPS and SEIM technologies. Prior hands on experience is preferable. Solid understanding of security audit logs, unix and windows security events, malware, firewalls, phishing and other IT security related items. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills with experience presenting information to groups Must have strong analytical, technical, and problem solving skills Ability to demonstrate leadership qualities and skills, including independent decision-making abilities Ability to manage time and priorities with multiple tasks and projects Ability to work with loosely defined requirements This person will be expected to work independently with internal clients and management on information security issues and strategies, Manage new and existing requirements and fully document processes and solutions. This role will require a deep understanding of security constructs in addition to a wide array of technologies to effectively perform the duties expected.
