About Us

Tachyon Technologies is a Digital Transformation consulting firm that partners with businesses to implement customer-focused business transformation. Tachyon Technologies understandÂwhat it takes for a consulting partner to be effective and strives to deliver a meaningful solution that exceeds its clients' expectations.

Role:AWS Data Engineer
Location: Dublin, OH
Contract

Amazon Redshift Matillion ETL AWS Glue - Data Engineer

JD:Â
â Minimum 5 years of Experience with most of the cloud products such as Amazon AWS and Redshift
â Good knowledge on AWS environment and Service knowledge with S3 storage understanding
â Must have hands on experience of Amazon Redshift Architecture
â Data Modeling experienceÂ
â AWS Redshift experience for DB design
â AWS Glue Pipeline knowledge to develop ETL for data movement to Redshift with experience to map the source to target rules and fields.
â Experience as developer in multiple cloud technologies including AWS EC2, S3, VPC, VPN, Amazon API Gateway, AWS ECS, Elastic Container Service, AWS Lambda, AWS Aurora, AWS RDS, AWS Route 53, ElasticSearch, Redis, Elasticache.
â Strong in writing complex queries with nested joins and derived tables.
â A Professional with expertise and passion for building large scale distributed systems. Experience with parallel query optimization and execution, large scale data analytics, replicate data storage.

Tachyon's full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities, and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Tachyon a great place to work.

A Disclaimer: The above statement is not a complete job description. The Client retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time.
