ICS is working with a Fortune 500, industry leading financial institution in Columbus, OH. Can you picture yourself working for one of America's Ideal Employers? Our client has received numerous awards and accolades due in part to their commitment to diversity, veterans, and fostering innovation. They've been named one of Fortune Magazine's -World's Most Admired Companies- of 2018 and are included in the -Top 50 Most Innovative Companies- named by Boston Consulting Group. With on-site training and mentoring, they are committed to your professional development as well.

Your experience as a Sr. Java Software Engineer will help solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. As a constant learner and early adopter, you're already embracing leading-edge technologies and methodologies; your example encourages others to follow suit. In addition to creating solutions with your in-house team, you'll also work alongside our team of technologists from around the world who are just as dedicated as you are.
This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
Working with our LOB (line of business) users, collaborate with other technology teams to design, develop, test full stack cloud data solutions.
Leading and be responsible for the craftsmanship, security, availability, resilience and scalability of your solution.
Leading the innovation, perform proof of concept and the implementation of cutting-edge technologies
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
5+ years of experience in application development using any of these programming languages: Java, Scala, Python. Experience working in financial industry is preferred.
3+ years of experience working with Amazon Web Services (AWS) including entitlement and IAM policy. AWS professional certification is preferred.
3+ years of experience working on streaming data applications (Spark Streaming, Kafka, Kinesis, and Flink)
3+ years' experience working with data pipeline open source products (Ex Airflow, Jupyter, etc)
3+ years' hands-on experience with Hadoop data platform (MapReduce, Pig, Hive, HBase, Impala), experience working with Cloudera stack is preferred.
1+ years of experience with DevOps automation tools (AWS CloudFormation, Terraform)
1+ years of experience in developing, deploying and monitoring in building large distributed and parallel systems using container technology including Docker, Kubernetes, AWS EKS, AWD Fargate
Lead by influence, mentor junior software engineers, ability to navigate to different teams and business to find solutions to complex problems
