Company Description
Sagence is a management advisory firm dedicated to helping our clients optimize the value of their data assets. From thinking to doing, Sagence works with leading institutions in the acquisition, evaluation, development and management of their critical data assets and in the application of analytics to discover new insights, shorten time-to-value, and drive competitive advantage.
**All candidates must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas upon hire or once on board.**
Job Overview
Sagence is looking for experienced, client-facing Data Engineers to help us build and sustain our client’s data capabilities and our competitive advantage. Along with the requirements below, candidates must possess deep, practical experience in one or more of the following Data Management competencies; data warehousing, data lakes, reference data or master data management, data architecture, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, business intelligence.
Skills & Requirements:
MUST BE HANDS ON. Candidates should have system development experience and proficiency with system development methodologies and possess the following skills and knowledge:
Must have significant hands-on experience with various IT concepts of data management/engineering (ETL, data modeling, data warehousing, etc.)
Must have significant hands-on experience with SQL, data profiling, and data discovery
Experience building business intelligence, analytics, or reporting solutions - either front-end consumption mechanisms (e.g., Microsoft, Tableau & Qlik) or supply of data for these purposes
Familiarity with data architecture principles/approaches, data environment infrastructure considerations, and data modeling principles/approaches
Ability to drive out technical requirements with business and IT stakeholders for implementations of data solutions
Hands-on experience with Agile delivery methodology
Prior professional experience in an IT management, management consulting, or client facing role is preferred
Knowledge of the Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare or Retail industries is preferred
Demonstrated ability in engaging, communicating, and presenting to stakeholders across both business and technology functions
Tools and Technology:
Proficient at leveraging tools and technology to drive value for clients. Examples include the following;
Database Management Tools:
Relational – e.g. Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server, PostgreSQL, DB, or similar
NoSQL – e.g. MongoDB, Couchbase, DataStax, Redix, MarkLogic, or similar
Cloud – e.g. AWS, Azure, xxx, xxx, xxx
ETL Tools - e.g. Informatica, Talend, Microsoft SSIS, or similar
Data Modeling tools - e.g., Toad, ERWin, ER/Studio, PowerDesigner, IBM Data Architect, or similar
Industry Leading BI tools - e.g., Business Objects, Microsoft, Cognos, Tableau, OBIEE, Qlickview, or similar
General:
Must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis. Sagence does not provide sponsorship for work visas
3+ years of professional experience working in a related role
Must be collaborative, innovative, curious, and resourceful, and exhibit a positive attitude
Strong desire to work on interesting projects with smart and creative people
Willingness to travel up to 80% of the week (M-Th)
Chicago or New York area candidates preferred, but will consider candidates in other parts of U.S.
Our Culture
Passionate, diverse, creative, genuine, flexible, hands-on…these are just a few of the words that describe our culture. Our Partners are deeply involved in the client work on a daily basis. We have a high-energy workplace with a focus on producing high-quality, impactful results. We are committed to equality of opportunity, fairness, work and lifestyle balance, and mutual respect. We promote an entrepreneurial spirit by encouraging individual initiative and foster a collaborative culture and work environment which includes open communication and on-going learning. We build teamwork through small, dedicated teams who continuously teach each other and learn from one another. We strongly believe these characteristics enable our employees to develop to their fullest potential. To learn more, please visit us at www.sagenceconsulting.com
