Spotify is looking for a Data Engineer, to join our Premium team in New York. Spotify Premium is the world's largest audio-anchored subscription business, reaching over 100M users globally.We are looking for an ambitious individual to join a stellar team that's leading the efforts to further expand our customer offerings for Spotify Premium, and help us deliver a best-in-class Premium experience to the world's music fans. What does the music landscape look like in 2023? How will people listen to music in a world of voice controlled UI, autonomous cars and AR? With a focus on innovation projects, you will be part of a small, agile, and constantly evolving team, working to identify and execute upon growth opportunities that meet our ambitious commercial and user experience goals.What you'll do:* Ingest and aggregate data from both internal and external data sources to build our world class datasets.* Build large-scale batch and real-time data pipelines with data processing frameworks like Scio, Storm, or Spark on the Google Cloud Platform.* Leverage best practices in continuous integration and delivery.* Help drive optimization, testing, and tooling to improve data quality.* Collaborate with other engineers, ML experts, and stakeholders, taking learning and leadership opportunities that will arise every single day.* Work in cross functional agile teams to continuously experiment, iterate, and deliver on new product objectives.* Work from our offices in New York, with some travel to other Spotify office locations.Who you are:* You know how to work with high volume heterogeneous data, preferably with distributed systems such as Hadoop, BigTable, and Cassandra.* You have experience with one or more higher-level JVM-based data processing frameworks such as Beam, Dataflow, Crunch, Scalding, Storm, Spark, or something we didn't list- but not just Pig/Hive/BigQuery/other SQL-like abstractions* You are knowledgeable about data modeling, data access, and data storage techniques.* You understand the value of collaboration within teams, are excellent communicators, and can build relationships with a diverse set of stakeholders.* Experience with data ingestion via API and/or web scraping/crawling (e.g. Selenium, BeautifulSoup) at scale preferred.* Experience with Google Cloud Platform is a plus.You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what's playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world's most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
