We are looking for a hybrid Backend/Data Engineer to join our team of talented engineers that share a common interest in distributed backend systems, big data, their scalability and continued development. By joining the Data and Insights organization, you'll build the backend systems that power our large scale data processing, insights, and machine learning efforts. Above all, your work will impact the way the world experiences music.The Insights Platform teams within Data and Insights have a wide range of responsibilities. The teams enable the consumption of Insights by helping anyone at Spotify answer their questions using data. Additionally, the teams build tools to support Data Scientists in their end to end workflow, querying data in BigQuery, exploring data in Jupyter notebook, and visualizing data with Tableau or QlikSense. Join us and help to amplify productivity, quality and innovation across Spotify.What you'll do* You'll design, develop and operate business critical systems with focus on high availability, low latency and scalability.* Design intelligent solutions that include data and back-end systems.* Getting hands-on experience with Google Cloud Platform and technology/languages such as BigQuery, Scala, Scio, Luigi, Styx and Docker.* Be a technical leader within the team you work with and within Spotify in general.* Coordinate technical projects across teams within Spotify.* Be a valued member of an autonomous, cross-functional agile team.* You'll collaborate with other engineers, product managers, and designers to identify and solve challenging problems, creating an awesome engineering experience within Spotify.* You'll use industry standard, cloud native tech, which means easily transferable skills and a focus on your professional development.* Hack on what you want during regular hack days and bi-annual hack weeks.* Work from our awesome office in New York City where we solve problems in Data, Monetization, Music Recommendations, Features for Artists, and Social Networking.Who you are* You are an experienced software engineer.* You know how to write distributed, well designed services in Java.* You know how to work with large scale data systems.* You will be able to apply your knowledge of the Java runtime environment to help us improve our backend service landscape.* Experience performing analysis with large datasets in a cloud based-environment, preferably with an understanding of Google's Cloud Platform.* You are experienced with deploying and operating services on Linux.* You have a deep understanding of system design, data structures, and algorithms.* You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code.* Google Cloud Platform experience is a bonus.* As a great influencer with great communication skills, you love sharing your knowledge with others and helping them grow.You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what's playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be brilliant. So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It's in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the opportunity to enjoy and be inspired by these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world's most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 286 million users.
