Summary
The Senior Application Programmer Analyst is responsible for the planning, architecture, development, maintenance and support of complex applications for the enterprise delivered via the web, Internet and Intranet, and/or client-server. The incumbent is responsible for applying Object Oriented Programming best practices, architectures, and patterns, assists developers in programming, and aids in planning, architecting, securing, unit testing, and deploying applications. Responsible for adhering to Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) best practices, change control policies, and service level agreement (SLA) compliance. Keeps current on legal and technical issues that impact the County.
POSITION MAY CLOSE AT ANY TIME
AFTER A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF APPLICATIONS ARE RECEIVED

Tarrant County employees enjoy superior health, retirement, and insurance benefits.
For more information, please click on the link below:
http://www.tarrantcounty.com/en/human-resources/employee-benefits.html

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Communicates with end-users and third-party vendors to obtain requirements for projects and application updates for major/complex applications.
Leads the design, programming (development), maintenance and execution of testing of new and changed functionality for complex/major applications.
Writes advanced programs for specific applications and designs special reports and forms as requested by various County departments in compliance with County and IT department policy and procedures.
Updates system end-user and training documentation.
Actively partners with business units to identify improvements that will increase efficiency of the systems.
Provides second-level end-user support.
Leads the work effort with other department personnel to provide around-the-clock support for those applications that require 24-hour support.
Conducts statistical reporting to management relating to application performance, usability and upgrade requirements to properly support County departments.
Manages interface and associate error logs.
Maintains business process procedures in conjunction with the process owners.
Resolves High-level Request/Incident tickets from users and provides telephone and onsite technical support to troubleshoot and fix the most complex customer department end-user problems.
Creates High-level Request/Incident tickets from users and generates Requests for Change to the production environment to troubleshoot and fix the most complex customer department end-user problems.
Works closely with vendors to resolve issues and manage deployments.
Analyzes and resolves complex application and data problems.
Performs all other related duties as required.
Minimum Requirements
NOTE: You must fill out the work history and education sections of application to show you have years of experience/education as required by hiring department or be disqualified.

Bachelor's degree + Three (3) years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.
~OR~
Associate's degree + Five (5) years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.
~OR~
High School Diploma or GED + Seven (7) years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.

Current relevant experience with Mobile Application development tools, Visual Studio, OLAP, ODBC; .NET programming languages including VB.NET, C#, AJAX along with HTML, CSS, XML, XSLT, and JavaScript; UML; and SharePoint, TFS, SQL Server and other contemporary programming languages preferred. Licensure or certification not required but considered a plus.

At least two (2) years experience in software development using Microsoft Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Server 2008 is preferred.

Must possess fundamental knowledge of systems analysis, program design and specification, coding, testing, debugging, and documentation.

Must be able to multi-task and work independently on the most complex assignments using independent discretion and judgment as well as transition quickly between projects/issues with minimal supervision.

Must have the ability to gather requirements, analyze systems, develop solutions, test and document changes working in collaboration with other developers in a team environment.

Must have the ability to gather, understand and translate business requirements into system solutions.

Must have strong interpersonal skills with the ability to easily and effectively interact with technical, non-technical, support, and business staff at all levels.

Position requires the ability to consistently meet deadlines.

Must be able to work and communicate effectively with both team members and customers.

Position requires the ability to understand the concepts, best practices, and execution of business analysis and project management principles.

Must have the ability to verify that the product meets the requirements.

Position requires the ability to follow standards and system development methodology.

Must be able to display a courteous and professional demeanor.

Driving may be required. Must have a valid and current driver's license.
If hired, must provide proof of educational attainment at new hire processing.
Tarrant County will conduct background checks on new hires that will include a criminal background check related to convictions and deferred adjudication since the age of seventeen (17) and may include credit reports, motor vehicle records, employment records, and educational attainment. A conviction or deferred adjudication is not an automatic bar to employment. Each case is considered individually. Incumbent must hold a valid Driver's License or State Issued ID card.

Physical Demands and Work Environment & Other Requirements
While performing the duties of this position, the incumbent is regularly required to sit, walk, climb, stoop, lift, push and pull.

Tarrant County offers a full range of employee benefit programs for eligible employees, retirees, and their families. These programs include group health plans for medical, dental, and vision coverage; an Employee Assistance Program (EAP); life and long- term disability insurance; and flexible spending accounts for health care and dependent care reimbursements. The County also provides retirement benefits. Full time employees participate in the Texas County & District Retirement System (TCDRS), and employees may also participate in a retirement savings program (Deferred Compensation). In addition to these "basic employee benefits" and retirement services, employees benefit from a variety of other programs including 12 paid holidays, a Wellness Program, and more.
Note: These benefits are for Tarrant County employees only. For benefit information regarding Community Supervision and Corrections Department (CSCD) employees, please contact Patrice Harrison at (817) 884-1227.
01

Please select your level of education and experience from the choices below:
Bachelor's degree + three (3) full-time years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.
Associate's degree + five (5) full-time years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.
High School Diploma or GED + seven (7) full-time years of experience in information technology including experience or training in systems analysis, design and computer programming.
None of The Above

02

Do you have a valid & current Driver License?
Yes
No

03

Do you have experience in systems integration projects?
Yes
No

04

Do you have experience with integration development using BizTalk? If yes, number of years?

05

Do you have at least 2 years of experience in software development using Microsoft Visual Studio? If yes, number of years?

06

Do you have at least 2 years of experience in development using Microsoft SQL Server 2008+ (or related DBMS) including writing queries, stored procedures, and using tables, indexes and foreign keys?
Yes
No

07

Please list the versions of Microsoft Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Server you have used in developing software.

08

Please list the programming languages that you are confident in using.

09

Do you have experience in deployment of web applications?
Yes
No

10

Do you have experience with Messaging Architectures?
Yes
No

11

Do you have experience working with ASP.NET MVC 3/4/5?
Yes
No

12

Do you have experience developing solutions using Microsoft Azure Cloud based Platform-as-a-Service design?
Yes
No

13

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been convicted of a felony?
Yes
No

14

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been placed on deferred adjudication for a felony?
Yes
No

15

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been convicted of a Class "A" misdemeanor?
Yes
No

16

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been placed on deferred adjudication for a Class "A" misdemeanor?
Yes
No

17

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been convicted of a Class "B" misdemeanor? Please indicate yes or no. And, if so, what was the date of conviction?

18

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been placed on deferred adjudication for a Class "B" misdemeanor? Please indicate yes or no. And, if so, what are the beginning and ending dates of the deferred adjudication?

19

Since the age of seventeen (17), do you have any open arrest(s) for any criminal offense (felony or misdemeanor)?
Yes
No

20

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been convicted of family violence or had a finding of family violence in a criminal case?
Yes
No

21

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been placed on deferred adjudication for a criminal offense where jail time could have been assessed? If so, what are the beginning and ending dates of the deferred adjudication?

22

Since the age of seventeen (17), have you been convicted of a criminal offense where jail time could have been assessed? Please indicate yes or no. And, if so, what was the date of conviction?

Required Question
