Data EngineerNew York, NYData Engineer New York, NY

Data Engineer for Leading Technology company in NYC

*This is remote to start then onsite. Sorry, our client is unable to consider candidates with a need for work visa transfer/sponsorship at anytime in the future.*

Our client is looking to hire a Data Engineer to join their growing team of analytics experts. This key role is closely aligned with companys software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists, and is responsible for ensuring that optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects. The successful candidate must be independent, self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products.

He/she will be responsible for expanding and optimizing the data and data pipeline architecture (in addition to optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams).

Required experience:
5+ years of experience expanding and optimizing analytics including the use of Oracle Utilities Analytics, Work Management Analytics, EBS Analytics and Enterprise Data Analytics platforms (EDAP).
5+ years of experience creating and maintaining optimal data pipeline architecture.
Demonstrated ability to assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Experience with the identification, design, and implementation of internal process improvements: automation of manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Experience driving the analysis of business processes, functions and procedures to identify opportunities, defining business requirements, and design of solutions to improve business efficiency.
5+ years experience with system/data integration, development or implementation of enterprise and/or cloud software (Oracle Cloud or AWS).
5+ years experience ETL development
5+ years SQL and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Knowledge of web services/ REST
Data modeling experience to support analytics (ie dimensional modeling)
Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Information Technology or Related discipline
