Recognition Inc. 500 5000 Honoree Company for 2012,2013,2014,2015 and 2016 Atyeti Ranks No. 270 on the 2012 Inc. 500 List 2012,2016 and 2017 NJ 50 Fastest Growing Companies Global Investment Banking is looking for a Big Data Engineer for its team in New York.Long Term Contract Please contact Veena.Mahesh(at)Atyeti.com609-480-1642 Role Big Data Engineer I AM LOOKING FOR SENIOR ENGINEER FROM INVESTMENT BANKING BACKGROUND. 10+ YRS OF EXPERIENCE Responsibilities Design, architect and support new and existing data and ETL pipelines and recommend improvements and modifications. Create optimal data pipeline architecture and systems using Apache Airflow Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional and non-functional business requirements. Be responsible for ingesting data into our data lake and providing frameworks and services for operating on that data including the use of Spark Databricks. Analyze, debug and correct issues with data pipelines Operate on or build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL, Spark and Azure technologies. Required Skills 8+ years of experience building high performance scalable enterprise analytics or data centric solutions At least 5 years of experience implementing complex ETL pipelines preferably in connection with Hadoop or Spark Experience working with Spark data pipeline and or streaming experience Exceptional coding and design skills in JavaScala or C. Expert in Python, or can demonstrate ability to readily learn new languages and affinity for them. Understand the nature of distributed systems design. Hands-on experience with Azure. Strong understanding usage of algorithms and data structures. Work well in a team environment, and are a self-starter. Ability to lead, or have led teams before. Expertise building and managing python libraries Nice to have Skills Azure Data Lake experience Machine Learning expertise Experience with Apache Airflow Experience with C .NET Core Experience with traditional data martswarehouses Education BS in Computer Science Software Engineering or equivalent experience.
