Addepar is making a huge swath of private wealth management more transparent and more efficient. We're building a suite of robust, powerful financial applications atop our core product that unifies hundreds of investment portfolio data sources and reference data providers. Not only are the technical challenges we solve at Addepar are complex, they're also globally important.

Our technical efforts are massive and involve building a fast, scalable and reliable platform. Engineers at Addepar build portfolio data ingestion systems that process tens of millions of transactions across millions of accounts every day, and pricing and reference data systems that provide coverage for over a trillion dollars in assets. We build and run our own distributed serving and financial calculation framework that allows clients to run complex analysis of massive data sets in real time. We provide robust APIs and powerful, versatile user interfaces to empower wealth managers to ask nuanced questions about their clients' holdings.

Team descriptions:

As a Software Engineer on FAMDI (Financial Asset Modeling & Market Data Integration), you will have the opportunity to cover a wide spectrum of engineering stacks at Addepar. You will be responsible for building data models, calculation engines for financial assets, and services that serves market data from various systems into Addepar. We strive to provide our clients with accurate and performant calculations based on their needs. You will be exposed to both client-facing financial data modeling, calculations and infrastructure of data intensive systems. We work very closely with product managers in full circle of product feature development from client research to final roll-out, and the engineering infrastructure team to develop and maintain a performant and scalable market data service.

As a Software Engineer on Data Architecture, you will have the opportunity to build core data models, re-engineering data pipeline, scaling distributed data import infrastructure, and collaborating closely with product managers and other engineering teams to drive innovation to our scaling and data challenges

As a Software Engineer on Data Tooling, you will convert human-centric workflows to automated workflows. This will entail designing and building the next generation of internal tools, ETL pipelines, and distributed architecture. You might even learn to build basic UIs to help configure the tools you've built. In addition to those goals, this team is in charge of the entire data pipeline. You'll be empowered to work on any bottleneck that prevents our clients from receiving correct data: from low-level code improvements that result in 100x gains to reimagining entire workstreams.

While we primarily program in Java, Python, and JavaScript, we don't require prior experience with any specific tool set. We look for driven engineers with real technical depth and a desire to understand the end business. We want people who are passionate and care deeply about the success of the whole company. Addepar has the potential to significantly innovate private investing to make it more transparent, efficient, and ethical. If you're interested, we're excited to meet you.

Requirements
B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in Computer Science or similar technical field of study (or equivalent practical experience.).
3+ years' experience as a professional software engineer and experience with any object-oriented programming language.
Experience building large-scale distributed systems and system integrations; modeling financial data is a plus
Proven ability to collaborate with and mentor other engineers.
Addepar is a wealth management platform that specializes in data aggregation, analytics, and reporting for even the most complex investment portfolios. The company's platform aggregates portfolio, market, and client data all in one place. It provides asset owners and advisors a clearer financial picture at every level, allowing them to make more informed and timely investment decisions. Addepar works with hundreds of leading financial advisors, family offices, and large financial institutions that manage data for over $1.7 trillion of assets on the company's platform. In 2020, Addepar was named as a Forbes Fintech 50 and in 2018 received Morgan Stanley's Fintech Award for making a significant impact on the firm's mission of continuous innovation. Addepar is headquartered in Silicon Valley and has offices in New York City and Salt Lake City.

Addepar is an equal opportunity employer. We're committed to building together and to do that best, we rely on a range of backgrounds, experiences, and ideas.
