Are you looking for a new opportunity to get some interesting experience? Do you want to be part of a company that is changing the world of data? Do you enjoy working with customers from diverse environments? If yes, then there’s never been a better time to join MANTA.
Who We Are
MANTA is a tech company headquartered in the United States with an engineering center in Prague that delivers the best data lineage solution on the market. We are growing rapidly, constantly developing our engineering, IT, sales, and marketing teams. We already serve dozens of the biggest companies around the world, including big players like Teradata, and Comcast. And after a flourishing year, we are ready to grow even more!
Why We Need You
MANTA is looking for a new Sales Engineer. In this position, you will be responsible for working with sales representatives, helping them with technical presentations and product demonstrations, and providing high-quality technical consultation and customer support. You will support prospective customers during trials, POCs and pilots by guiding them through installation, configuration, troubleshooting and log investigation. You will support existing customers during and after deployments to help the customer see the value of MANTA. You should be able to identify MANTA growth opportunities by understanding existing customer needs and how the product can be used. You will also support customers during on-boarding, implementations and long-term use of MANTA’s products.
Part of your job will be documenting best practices and advanced configuration in KB and how-to articles.
You will work on customer issues reported by customers or internal teams. The right candidate should be collaborative and have mindset of team-player. We are looking for someone with good experience in customer support or consulting who is positive and has a “can do” attitude.
What We Need from You
Familiarity with ETL Tools (e.g., Informatica PowerCenter, data quality, big data management; SSIS, IBM DataStage, Oracle ODI, Talend)
Experience with databases and SQL including procedural extensions (e.g., MSSQL, DB2, MySQ)
Familiarity with BI and reporting tools (eg. SSRS, PowerBI, Cognos, MicroStrategy, Tableau)
Customer oriented and consultant experience
Experience with basic Windows batch, Power Shell scripting or Linux shell scripting
Ability to troubleshoot and investigate logs
Ability to troubleshoot integration issues across multiple applications
Active experience with ETL, BI, or other reporting tools is a plus
What We Can Offer You
Competitive salary and significant salary growth if you are successful at your job
Personal and professional growth in a booming, expanding company
Regular team building activities
The usual benefits package with some extras on top (e.g. flexible working hours)
Opportunity to participate in the success of one of the most ambitious projects in the region
Can you imagine yourself working for MANTA? Then send us your CV and a few words about yourself and we’ll get back to you shortly!
