Role Description

J.P. Morgan ' s Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB) is a global leader across banking, markets and investor services. The world ' s most important corporations, governments and institutions entrust us with their business in more than 100 countries. With $23.5 trillion of assets under custody and ranked #1 for Global Investment Banking fees, the Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk and extends liquidity in markets around the world.

Department Description

The Cross Product Change Services (CPCS) Team within Corporate and Investment Bank serves multiple internal and external clients in providing change services such as Business Analysis, Minimum Viable Product Assessment, Reference Data Strategy definition and implementation, Process assessment and re-engineering, Automation, Implementation support, Test strategy and delivery.

CPCS is currently looking for an experienced Data Engineer to join the organization and play an integral role in the build out of the instrumentation required for measuring and impacting the transformation of the Operations workforce collaborating with the Business and Technology.

Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for delivering insights and reporting to the management team and stakeholders, based on the data gathered from diverse applications , processes and manual activities
Enable the management team and stakeholders to make timely, well-informed and data-driven decisions
Continuous innovation - seek out and adopt cutting edge techniques to improve the storage, collection, visualization and analysis of data
Development of detailed data model, in line with detailed business requirements, to ensure that the business is able to meet their business objectives
Use your experience in engineering, optimizing and debugging high volume data pipelines to contribute to the creation of reporting platforms.
Strive for the highest standards of data quality and governance
The successful candidate will join a team focused on change delivery across products, help accelerate pace of delivery, provide metrics, KPIs to enable data based decision making and be responsible for supporting the strategy and execution of Cross Product Change Services objectives and initiatives.

The role will require working with stakeholders across the CIB, looking to leverage best practice across the industry and other J.P. Morgan business units. Lateral contacts in business, technology, middle offices, product and client facing organizations firm wide should be developed and mined for best practices.

Qualifications:
2+ years of experience working in Business Intelligence / MIS Reporting on an enterprise level
Understanding and related experience in the integration of data from multiple data sources and automation of data processes
Understanding of data warehousing with coding abilities in the field of data manipulation
Depicts strong knowledge and experience in querying, manipulating and summarizing large amount of data through SQL, in addition to experience in scripting languages
Knowledge and build experience in Alteryx, Xceptor and Tableau.
Excellent analytical skills and ability to understand and build complex data models
Strong understanding of SDLC in an enterprise environment and experience working as an agile developer
Solid experience of and enthusiasm for agile development methodologies
Thoughtful and comfortable communicator (in person or on paper) with both technical and business stakeholders, with the ability to facilitate discussions and conduct training
J.P. Morgan is a global leader in financial services, providing strategic advice and products to the world's most prominent corporations, governments, wealthy individuals and institutional investors. Our first-class business in a first-class way approach to serving clients drives everything we do. We strive to build trusted, long-term partnerships to help our clients achieve their business objectives.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.
