Job Description

We are looking for an Analyst to join our global Business Intelligence team in New York. This team provides business reporting, tools, and analysis to senior business leaders, driving strategic decisions and profitability maximization throughout the organization. Additionally, the team manages Bernstein’s commission sharing program (CSA), a client-facing function closely aligned with the sales and trading functions.

The group’s responsibilities include:
Design and development of all business metrics and performance reporting
Data Management
Bespoke client analysis
Modeling and scenario analysis
Development and implementation of business-process enhancements
Managerial accounting policy and implementation.
This role provides opportunities to build skills and responsibility. You will interact directly with internal and external clients and work with managers across the Bernstein organization. In addition, you will acquire expertise in the firm’s business practices related to sales, trading and research, and develop rigorous analytical and problem-solving skills. Our team is relatively small, offering you a high level of responsibility and empowering you to quickly make an impactful contribution.

Desired Skills and Experience

Ideal candidates typically possess:
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skill
Strong Interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate across departments to resolve issues
Relentless intellectual curiosity and a drive to excel at the highest level
Facility with Python, SQL, and Excel is highly desired
Bachelor's degree in finance or related field with 2-3 years of experience in financial services is preferred. Familiarity with the brokerage industry is also a plus.
We look for consummate team players who are detail-oriented and have excellent oral and written communication skills and who can perform and maintain a positive attitude in a demanding environment. This role has high growth potential and historically, our associate positions have proven to be excellent platforms for successful professional careers in finance as well as continuing education in related fields.

Company Description

Bernstein is widely recognized as Wall Street's premier sell-side research and brokerage firm, with a global equity trading platform that spans the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Our firm was founded in the U.S. in 1967 and in the U.K. in 1999. Our research and trading capabilities are sought out by leading investment managers around the world, and we are annually ranked at the top of our industry by acknowledged arbiters. In independent surveys of major institutional clients, Bernstein's research is ranked #1 for overall quality, industry knowledge, most trusted, best detailed financial analysis, major company studies, most useful valuation frameworks and best original research. In Institutional Investor’s latest annual client survey, the leading survey by which research analysts in our industry are evaluated, over 90% of our U.S. analysts and the majority of our European Analysts were recognized as among the best in their respective fields – more than any other firm in our industry. We began operations in Hong Kong in 2010, and now cover a range of sectors across Asia. Our European research team is also home to Extel's #1-ranked analyst across Europe.

Research has always been Bernstein's calling card. The brand is defined by our renowned Blackbooks, known for their unbiased, in-depth company and industry forecasts. We have a community of Research Analysts who are acknowledged thought leaders that typically have many years of experience in the industries they cover. Our reputation is for the very highest caliber of independent and disciplined investment and industry analysis. We are a wholly-owned subsidiary of our buy-side parent, AB.

New York City, New York
