We currently have a 6 month assignment for 4 Position (s) (Data Engineer Developer) open. Location Newark NJ Target Start Date ASAP Years of Experience (4-6 years Intermediate Level) Right to hire No Job Description our technology group is a dynamic, fast-paced environment, with exciting changes on the horizon under new senior leadership. We are looking for a data engineer developer to build next generation data platform from ground up on AWS as part of a small focused team. Our ideal candidate will have strong knowledge of computer science fundamentals with programming experience in Scala Python and Spark. The right candidate for this role will identify this challenge as a unique and valuable opportunity to help drive our global technology transformation, so if this sounds interesting Responsibilities Build complex data ingestion pipelines using Scala, Spark, Parquet and S3 Design scalable processes in event driven architecture to support Fixed Income applications Develop near real time streaming analytics using KafkaKinesis Act as Subject Matter Expert and help rest of the team in leveraging the platform and migrating applications to it Establish end to end data lineage and data catalogue. Work with data governance team to setup data quality checks and metrics Create self-service notebook environment with ZeppelinJupyter for exploratory data analytics and rapid interactive development Troubleshoot any performance issues and ensure efficient data organization Build efficient web-based tools for monitoring and tracking Qualifications (Required) Bachelor's degree in computer science or related field required. Master's degree preferred Knowledge of data structures, algorithms and functional programming Passion to learn new things, experiment with new ideas and build world class data platform 5+ years of experience in programming with Scala, Python or Java 2+ years of experience in Scala, Spark and functional programming. Deep knowledge of spark internals such as partitioning, DAG, lazy evaluation. Strong experience with relational data bases, SQL, and query optimization. Knowledge of data warehousing, dimensional data model and business intelligence is a plus. Knowledgeexperience with event driven programming and Akka actor model Excellent verbal and written communication skills Qualifications (Desired) Experience with AWS infrastructure, docker, ECSEKS, EMR, KafkaKinesis. Front-end development experience with Angular, Java Script, Reactive Programming. Knowledge or desire to learn Investment Management, Fixed Income and Finance Familiarity with NoSQL and ElasticSearch
