Youngsoft is one of the fastest growing companies based out of Wixom Michigan providing IT services to various clients across the USA. currently we have a " Data Engineer " position at one of our client locations You should be excited to work with data, have the curiosity to dive deeply into issues, and feel empowered to make a meaningful impact at a mission-driven company. We are a team committed to agile value delivery and solid engineering principles, as well as continuously improving our craft. If you love shipping software that delivers deep and meaningful impact to peoplersquos mental and behavioral health, join us! PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES Build and maintain large-scale batch and real-time ETL pipelines in a Google Cloud Platform architecture (BigQuery, Dataproc, Firestore, etc.). Design and support Data Lakes and Marts in Google CloudStorage, BigQuery, and NoSQL (Google Firestore MongoDB). Implement high-quality test-driven code, participate in code reviews, and own the development of medium-size features. Support business operational activities including generating marketing leads and helping ensure we are meeting our clientrsquos expectations. Collaborate with data scientists and business analysts to enable self-service analytics and reporting. Support Production systems off hours. POSITION REQUIREMENTS Experience 2+ years of industry experience in software development or data engineering. 2+ years extracting insights from data. 1+ years hands-on experience manipulating data and building data pipelines. Hands-on experience with relational and NOSQL databases. Strong appreciation for test-driven development and developing code standards. Competencies Strong understanding of Python or Scala. We use Python, Pyspark, and SQL. Understanding of workflow orchestrators (ex. Airflow, Oozie, or Azkaban). Understanding of test-driven development techniques. Ability to proactively communicate and collaborate across a growing distributed team. Quality Control Help define and manage overall data quality objectives. Implement high-quality source code that passes tests. Achieve and maintain team defined quality thresholds that mitigate solution risks. Please contact recruiter at 248-675-1196Please respond with your updated resume, contact information
