Data Engineer

Global Sports & Entertainment - Secaucus, NJ

Description

Our client, a globally recognized sports and entertainment brand with over 1 billion+ fans is seeking a tenacious data engineer to join their expanding data engineering team, partnering cross-functionally with over 10 internal groups.

Position Summary

You will be part of a growing Data Engineering team that handles our clients data for internal and external users. The IT department services over 10 internal groups and the Data Engineer will be a seasoned technology leader comfortable with a variety of data technologies.The Data Engineering Group handles a data warehouse that sources data out of over 15 sources and services over 10 internal groups. The current data technology stack consists primarily of data warehouses using SQL technologies, Neo4J-based Graph DBs along with the use of a variety of NoSQL and AI/ML frameworks and languages like R, Python etc.The ideal candidate will be a technologist who is able to balance the rapid pace of technology change with an authoritative ability to handle client relationships - including working closely with the business and technical teams/vendors, and assisting in the ongoing support of applications. We're looking for someone who is laser-focused on operational excellence and customer satisfaction. You'll need to wear many hats, so flexibility and a can-do attitude are critical!

We are looking for a dynamic, collaborative personality that can champion the cause of Agile within the organization. The individual needs to have a consistent track record of successfully delivering value for their organization in a fast-paced environment along with successful management of customer expectations. A passionate engineer who strives for automation would be ideal for this position.

Experience mentoring and leading other staff, both onsite and offshore will be required for this role to be successful. As a Data Engineer, you will carry out the data efforts across all products and lines of business. You are a pioneer, building new capabilities that will help unlock new possibilities for our businesses. You will play a fundamental role in achieving our ambitious growth objectives. You must be comfortable switching between multiple projects, and working with both business teams and technology teams to translate business requirements into finished product.You possess strategic vision and tactical mastery and combine it with an entrepreneurial spirit to get it done.

You will collaborate closely with stakeholders across the company to design innovative solutions and balance challenging priorities and resource demands. We’re looking for someone who welcomes challenges and is hyper-focused on delivering exceptional results to internal business customers while creating a rewarding team environment. This position reports into the Head of Data Engineering.

MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:
Understand business needs and develop solutions that delight consumers and customers
Understand Agile artifacts and develop applications based upon business priority.
Collaborate with project partners to ensure all requirements are met.
Handle relationships with end user communities.
Interact regularly with users to gather feedback, listen to their issues and concerns, recommend solutions.
Demonstrate your technical abilities and contribute to our overall architecture.
Help define and implement the Enterprise Data Architecture and help implement it in multi- functional alignment with the data teams that exist across functions, such as: Marketing, Finance, HR etc.
Provide leadership during application design and development for highly complex or critical machine learning projects across numerous lines of business and shared technology.
Evaluate readiness of new big/fast data capabilities to be used to support critical operational processes.
Build, maintain and demonstrate partnership with 3rd parties like Stanford Labs or Google Labs to be at the cutting edge of Data and ML technologies, and foster data-driven decision making.
Ensure cross-collaboration with sister teams in other geographies.
Ensure alignment to enterprise architecture and usage of enterprise platforms when delivering projects.
Provide oversight for budgets and project plans, and handle technology risks and issues.
Partner with your peers within the organization and build multi-functional alignment.
REQUIRED SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE
5+ years of experience developing Big Data and/or machine learning solutions
Experience with a modern cloud platform, such as AWS, Microsoft Azure, GCP, etc.
Experience with SQL, NoSQL, BigData and Graph Technologies along with Programming languages like R, Python, Kafka, Storm etc.
Experience building microservices
Background in Agile SW development and scaled Agile Frameworks
A true believer in measuring success based on working software and in quick prototyping
Someone who is a passionate coder and can spin up a snippet of code quickly
Strategic thinker with the ability to build and execute innovative digital products, combined with tactical ability to execute simultaneously against multiple contending priorities
Someone with an iterative approach, drive to move fast and think big
Demonstrated ability to partner and communicate effectively with non-technical team members, resolving contending or contradictory objectives, and unifying disparate ideas into a homogenized solution
Ability to be versatile and handle multiple projects and re-prioritizations
Possess the ability to influence others, implement change, and standardize processes in a complex business environment
A passion for mentoring and growing the potential of others
Ability to effectively and appropriately interview technical candidates
Passion for automation and hunger for acceleration; keen knowledge of DevOps as well as RPA is a big plus
Experience with architecting applications (e.g. design Patterns, distributed applications etc.) with the aim of reuse
Superb communication skills (both written and verbal)
Great teammate - should be ready to go beyond to help immediate team and do not be averse to not shy away from asking for help if needed.
Ability to translate ideas into solutions based on user and business needs
Open Eagerness to learn new technologies and bring new ideas to the table
Education
Bachelors Degree or equivalent. Masters would be a plus
