As a member of our Data Engineering team, you’ll sit with a diverse team of software engineers, data scientists and business analysts, working closely with your team to turn complex sources into understandable data. The data sets, pipelines and tools that you build will be involved in pivotal, company-level decisions for years to come. Not only that, but you’ll work on a team where constant learning and team-wide knowledge sharing is a core part of our culture. You will report to our Team Lead, Data Engineering in our NYC Headquarters.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Build and maintain data processing services
Write, test, and review primarily microbatch or streaming ETL
Continuous improvement of our system, tests, and data quality indicators
Guide our technical decisions
Keep yourself up-to-date and informed about new technologies
Encourage the technical growth of your teammates
QUALIFICATIONS
You love working directly with the people whose problems you're solving
You are experienced at data modeling, storage, security, and retrieval
You're motivated and inspired. You naturally lead a project and ask for help when needed
You enjoy working with dynamic programming languages, relational databases, and distributed systems. Our platform is ever-evolving, but currently is a combination of Python, Java, Postgres, Kubernetes, Spark, Presto, Kafka, and Mongo
You gain a deep understanding of the products and tools you work with
You check your work and stand behind what you’ve built
5+ years of experience
About Squarespace

Squarespace makes beautiful products to help people with creative ideas succeed. By blending elegant design and sophisticated engineering, we empower millions of people — from individuals and local artists to entrepreneurs shaping the world’s most iconic businesses — to share their stories with the world. Squarespace’s team of more than 1,000 is headquartered in downtown New York City, with offices in Dublin and Portland. For more information, visit www.squarespace.com/about.

Benefits & Perks
Health insurance with 100% premium covered for you and your dependent children
Flexible vacation & paid time off
Up to 20 weeks of paid family leave
Equity plan for all employees
Retirement benefits with employer match
Fertility and adoption benefits
Free lunch and snacks at all offices
Education reimbursement
Dog-friendly workplace in New York office
Commuter benefit in the form of reduced tax (Ireland) and pretax (US)
Today, more than a million people around the globe use Squarespace to share different perspectives and experiences with the world. Not only do we embrace and celebrate the diversity of our customer base, but we also strive for the same in our employees. At Squarespace, we are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital or parental status, disability, veteran status, or other class protected by applicable law. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
