Work it! Here at Shake Shack, we take care of each other first and foremost so that we can make raves for our guests, community, suppliers, and investors. After all, teamwork makes the dream work. We work our buns off, but we play hard too, with a Team Appreciation Day, unlimited meal discounts, volunteer opportunities, and so much more. If you're looking for a deeply fulfilling, financially rewarding, and really fun career, you're in the right place.Sr Data EngineerThe Sr Data Engineer should be an expert with all of the data warehousing technical components (e.g. ETL, Reporting, Data Model), infrastructure (e.g. hardware and software) and their integration. The ideal candidate will be responsible for developing overall architecture and high level design.Key Responsibilities* Lead architecture design and implementation of next generation cloud BI solution.* Build robust and scalable data integration (ETL) pipelines using SQL, EMR, Python and Spark.* Build and deliver high quality data architecture to support business analysis, data scientists, and customer reporting needs.* Interface with other technology teams to extract, transform, and load data from a wide variety of data sources* Continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automating or simplifying self-service support for business constituents.* Support, maintain, optimize, upgrade, enhance our current and future state Data Infrastructure (SQL server, AWS, Snowflake, Tableau, Alteryx).Skills & Knowledge* Bachelors Degree in related field* Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and Data warehousingExperience* 4-6 years of data engineering experience* Experience in working and delivering end-to-end projects independently* Experience with AWS services including S3, Redshift, EMR, Kinesis and RDS preferred* Experience with cloud Data Warehouses such as Snowflake are a plus* Experience with Big Data Technologies (Hadoop, Hive, Hbase, Pig, Spark, etc.)Benefits include:* Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance* Transit Discount Program* 401K Plan* Paid Time Off Program* Flexible Spending Accounts* Employee Dining Program* Referral Bonus* Online Training Program* Career Development* Corporate Fitness Discount Programs* Choice of Global Cash Card or Direct DepositAbout UsBeginning as a hot dog cart in New York City's Madison Square Park, Shake Shack was created by Danny Meyer, Founder and CEO of Union Square Hospitality Group and best-selling author of Setting the Table. Shack Fans lined up daily, making the cart a resounding success, and donating all proceeds back to the park beautification efforts. A permanent stand was eventually builtand the rest is Shack history! With our roots in fine dining and giving back to the community, we are committed to high quality food served with a high level of hospitality. Our team members enjoy a positive work environment that is deeply committed to the philosophy they we "Stand for Something Good."Shake Shack is an Equal Opportunity EmployerAll qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, creed, age (over 40), disability (mental and physical), sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital, military and veteran status.Our company will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
