Job Description
Data Strategist - Engineer

NYC Hedge Fund

J Harlan Group is currently conducting a search for a Data Strategist - Engineer at a prominent NYC Hedge Fund

An exciting opportunity to join the Quantitative Strategy team designing and developing the infrastructure for evaluating, ingesting, parsing and processing structured and big data sets. The Data Strategist will work closely with data scientists, quantitative researchers, and portfolio managers to design, implement, and scale the organizations overall data architecture.

The firm views Technology / Data Strategies as a distinct commercial advantage - enabling a host of opportunities that differentiate them from their competitors.

The firm is a fast growing and dynamic investment organization that is experiencing exceptional growth and is looking for exceptional people to power its next phase of growth. The Data Strategist will be a significant contributor in enabling their vision and helping the organization to grow and improve their businesses.

The ideal candidate would have a background:
Strong computer science and technical background with experience and an interest in working with data. (prior experience with big data sets preferred)
Experience with designing and implementing data processing pipelines
Experience using distributed computing frameworks
An interest in financial markets (with prior experience a big plus)
Programming skills required - proficiency in memory managed languages required such as; Python, C#, Java, F#, scala, haskel, ada, smalltalk, prologue, etc. Python and .Net is a plus.
Ability to work in an open collaborative and highly charged trading floor environment. You will sit in a trading floor seat in an open environment surrounded by high-intensity colleagues.
Strong desire to contribute and build a business – not just solve novel problems.
Ability to work with a wide range of users – traders, portfolio managers, research analysts, quants and the wider investment management team to develop and implement technology in support of a dynamically growing Hedge fund platform
An individual who loves solving deep and complex technical and business problems and wants to have an outsized impact with the products they build and deliver. An individual with a passion for technology, high level of intellectual curiosity, a commitment to excellence and an unparalleled drive to deliver world-class software across the firm.

About the Client:

The firm is a leading alternative asset manager managing more than $22.0bn of assets under management with an outstanding track record of following a comprehensive, multi-strategy approach to investing and allocating capital dynamically to the most compelling opportunities and harvesting multiple sources of alpha.

They have a relentlessly focuses on innovation and integration: innovation in new products, markets and businesses as well as new tools, models and technology management and performance structures; integration of fundamental research, quantitative strategies and technical analysis, all supported by an intensive focus on operational excellence and comprehensive risk management.

They employ over 240+ talented professionals in New York, London, and Tokyo locations across portfolio management, trading, credit, research, quantitative strategy, trading technology, investment management analysis and business management administration and strategy.

They seek candidates who are high-energy self-starters who want to join an investment management firm on the leading edge of the global markets. The management team needs individuals of the highest professional caliber who are leaders, problem solvers, analytic, detail-oriented, and entrepreneurial. Everyone at the firm works side-by-side with the firm's senior partners in a highly collaborative and charged trading floor environment.

Successful candidates are:
Analytic and relentless in pursuit of the right answer
Strong communicators who excel at rapid synthesis
Able to demonstrate sound business judgment
Able to digest complexity while maintaining an understanding of the “big picture” of business needs
Team players who are energized by a collaborative enterprise
The firm's employees maintain the highest professional and ethical standards. The firm has earned a reputation for honesty, fair dealing, and transparency in a competitive industry. They believe that these standards are the foundation for superior investment performance and are critical to delivering performance to clients
