The Solution Engineer (SE) position at INAP owns all aspects of the technical sales process and is the ultimate expert in all of INAP’s datacenter services including Hosting, Colocation, CDN and IP Services. The SE is expected to have a strong background in the managed hosting and cloud services environment to be able to define customer requirements and translate those requirements into INAP technical solutions.They play a role in both designing highly complex solutions as well as influencing the product roadmap of the company.The SE takes pride at being at the forefront of Internet technologies and is a technical tinkerer by nature.

Who You Are

You may have had a past life in IT Operations and realized you being on-call 24x7x365 was insane and moved to the sales engineer role.You might still be in IT Ops as a systems architect and now realized that you need more of a challenge.You probably have a (or had) a server rack in your garage or basement at one time for fun.You’re an extrovert!You love to tinker with technology for fun and are working on a few different projects. You are equally comfortable in a dress suit and tie but can rock in jeans, a t-shirt, and a sport coat.

Solution Engineering

The primary responsibility of the Solution Engineer to act in a technical advisory /consultative role is for customers, and account executives. Working with other solution engineers he or she will architect complex IT solutions for our customers.The SE requires a broad range of understanding and experience at the application layer to optimize performance over flexible and high performing infrastructure. The SE should be able to articulate in communicating that value to both technical and non-technical audiences.

Leadership and Mentoring
The SE is expected to provide leadership to account representatives as well as other internal organizations (business units, cloud and hosting engineering, hosting and network operations and data center field operations engineers).The Solution Engineers are the thought leaders of the technical services organization.

Geography and Travel

This position supports sales branches that are located in their particular region.They may also be required to travel to other markets or other locations where customer IT engineering group may be located to conduct and lead on site meetings, and drive the overall technical solution that we present to customers.

SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES:

IaaS Consultant

In this role, the SE will work with the customer identify technical requirements, inform and improve where possible, and develop solution designs which meet these requirements.

·The SE is expected to know existing as well as emerging IT technologies, including Hybrid hosting, Disaster Recovery solutions and traditional VMware, Microsoft Server sizing.

·The SE must maintain their technical understanding across INAP’s entire infrastructure stack, including Colocation, CDN, IP, Dedicated Servers, Cloud Hosting and Storage.

·Internally, the SE is the customer interface for INAP’s R&D and Product Management and has responsible for the technical training and development of the sales representatives across all channels.

Sales Engineering Support

In pre-sales scenarios, the SE provides sales support and is instrumental in all aspects of sales cycle.

·The SE will work closely with the Account Executives to position our technology and its differentiators against the competition

·The SE must be able to glean business problems and subsequently design and present technical solutions for these problems.

·The SE role requires a high level of sales acumen and is intrinsic in developing and delivering strategies to close key opportunities.

·The SE must possess a detailed knowledge across the spectrum of hosting and Infrastructure as a Service technologies offered by INAP and be able to articulate features, functionality and uses cases to both technical and non-technical audience.

·Participate in the customer business planning activities and provide guidance architectural solutions

·The SE is the technical evangelist for prospective customers as well as INAP as a whole.

QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE:

The ideal candidate must be motivated and possess an excellent track record in the sale of IT technological solutions, and be comfortable in the dynamic atmosphere of a technical organization providing services to a rapidly expanding clientele.

1.Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical field preferred.

2.Relevant experience (2-5+ years) with Hosting and/or Cloud companies, either operations or technical sales position is preferred.Detailed knowledge of hosting technologies including VMware, Xen, OpenStack and CloudStack preferred as well as Dedicated Servers, Managed Hosting and Colocation required.

3.Detailed knowledge and sizing experience of networking technologies including firewalls (Cisco ASA series), load balancers (F5), and switching environments including 10G architecture.

4.Detailed experience with storage architectures, both traditional SAN (NetApp& Equilogic) as well as Object Based Storage systems like OpenStack Swift are highly desired.

5.Familiarity with the Hosting Industries’ key players, and their technology is a plus.

6.Computing experience in both Microsoft and Linux environments

7.Prior sales experience either in technology or related fields.

8.Confident, articulate and comfortable driving a conversation or presentation

9.Self-reliant and takes initiative to get the things that need doing done.
