Who_Are_We

Netflix is the world's leading internet streaming service with over 150 million
members in 190 countries. Our members enjoy a wide variety of streamed video
per day, using over 1000 types of devices, generating more than a third of
downstream Internet traffic in North America. The Content Data Engineering team
is based in the entertainment capital of the world, passionate about providing
our colleagues rich data so that we can make decisions on what series and films
will bring the most joy to our subscribers. We are part of a larger team that
supports Netflix s data culture across marketing, streaming, product, and
finance functions. As Netflix deepens its global reach and develops more and
more amazing Originals content, the scope and impact of our team s work in
the content space is exploding.

Los Angeles, California Product Infrastructure and Tooling Senior Data
Engineer, Content Data Engineering Who are we Netflix is the world's leading
internet streaming service with over 150 million members in 190 countries. Our
members enjoy a wide variety of streamed video per day, using over 1000 types
of devices, generating more than a third of downstream Internet traffic in
North America. The Content Data Engineering team is based in the entertainment
capital of the world, passionate about providing our colleagues rich data so
that we can make decisions on what series and films will bring the most joy to
our subscribers. We are part of a larger team that supports Netflix s data
culture across marketing, streaming, product, and finance functions. As Netflix
deepens its global reach and develops more and more amazing Originals content,
the scope and impact of our team s work in the content space is exploding.
Lazy in a productive way (find tedious work boring and would rather automate
it).
Charismatic, determined, curious, and industrious, and not just hardworking.
Thrive in a fast paced environment, and see yourself as a partner with the
business with the shared goal of moving the business forward.
Have strong beliefs that are weakly held you can deliberate, and hear, all
sides of a discussion and adapt to new perspectives that emerge from it.
Sharp communicator who can explain complex data problems in clear and concise
language.
Build code that is understandable, simple, and clean, and take pride in its
beauty.
Love freedom and hate being micromanaged. Given context, you're capable of
self-direction.
Passionate about data quality and delivering effective data to impact the
business.
Motivated to explore new technologies and learn, and can do so without taking
formal education.
Fully own critical portions of Netflix' Content data model. Collaborate with
partners to understand needs, model tables using data warehouse standard
methodologies, and develop data pipelines to ensure the timely delivery of high
quality data.
Continually acquire new data sources to develop an increasingly rich dataset
that characterizes content.
Creatively explore how to use data to continually contribute to Netflix.
Translate data questions into flexible methodologies that scale to answer broad
problems across the organization.
Be a bridge between data engineering and the business, enabling insight that
can empower better decision-making.
Be comfortable outside of your comfort zone - explore new tech, make your own
tool, or find a new way to address an old problem.
Data warehousing, data modeling, and data transformation.
How to write complex SQL in your sleep.
Significant experience with ETL tech (Informatica, SSIS, etc) is very valuable,
but expect to work in a distributed environment.
MPP/Cloud data warehouse solutions (Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, Vertica,
Teradata, Greenplum, etc).
Experience with sourcing and modeling data from application APIs.
Python for scripting and automation.
Education Surprise us.
A few more things to know Netflix offers amazing co-workers, new technology,
fascinating analytical and technical challenges, and a Freedom & Responsibility
Culture that's truly outstanding. It s worth learning more http://

Show moreShow less
