About codeSparkcodeSpark is turning programming into play for kids everywhere. We're building the largest community of young kid coders in the world. Our award-winning app, codeSpark Academy, has a unique word-free interface that allows kids as young as four to become makers. We have a strong focus on making codeSpark Academy exciting for both girls and boys.We believe all kids should have the opportunity to master this new form of literacy and creative expression. Our self-directed subscription service thoughtfully combines structured challenges and open-ended creative play.Our new Data Engineer will have the opportunity to explore all sorts of interesting data about kids' learning through play. You'll also help us improve our marketing efforts through development and reporting on success metrics. The right person joining us will be interested in our mission and motivated to find all sorts of other cool data to analyze to help us grow, too!Data Engineer Job OverviewWe are looking for a Data Engineer who will support our product, marketing, and leadership with insights gained from analyzing company data. The ideal candidate is self-sufficient and adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization, and in building and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. They are experienced in using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must demonstrate a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. Finally, they must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.Responsibilities:? Collaborate with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities to leverage company data in driving business solutions.? Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.? Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.? Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.? Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, onboarding, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.? Leverage A/B testing framework and test model quality.? Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.? Maintain company KPI dashboard.Essential Qualifications:? 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models.? Bachelor's or Master's in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field.? Coding knowledge of several languages: C#, Python, JavaScript, Go, or similar.? Querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, Mongo, JQL, etc.? Using AWS services.? Analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Facebook, Appsflyer, Email service providers, etc.? Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders.Highly desired:? Experience working with product development and marketing teams, especially subscription products and kids games or apps.? Experience using statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.? Experience working with and creating data architectures.? Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.? Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.? A proactive approach to learning and mastering new technologies and techniques.Perks? Opportunity to shape strategy for a company having a global impact on K-5 education.? The rare opportunity to change the world by helping create the first generation in history that is truly connected and collaborative.? The fun of working with an effective and multi-award winning product that is beloved by customers.? Sharp, motivated co-workers in a creative and supportive office environment.Commitment to Diversity and InclusioncodeSpark believes in diversity and inclusion of all people, of all genders, races, ethnicities, sexual orientations, educational backgrounds, religions, abilities, socioeconomic backgrounds, immigration statuses, and more. Just as we hope to close access gaps in computer science education, we aim to create a culture within codeSpark that is inclusive and accessible to all current and potential employees.codeSpark is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
