Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure and connect.Analog Devices (NASDAQ: ADI) designs and manufactures semiconductor products and solutions. We enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital worlds with unmatched technologies that sense, measure, connect, and analyze. We are world leader in the measurement of real-world signals for challenging applications the and interpretation of these measurements, which is enabling Industrial IoT applications.ADI is a leader in the industrial space, and Industrial IOT has the potential to be a significant future growth driver for the company in both product sales and emerging analytics revenues. It has been recognized as a corporate priority to drive expansion. This role requires an energetic and motivated individual with strong vision and technical acumen to drive this initiative forward.The Analytics Insights & Diagnostics Group (AID) is responsible for developing and delivering full end to end solutions in a variety of applications, where a combination of core differentiating ADI hardware and software technology is brought to market. This postion is responsible for using and growing the OtoSense AI framework powering Sensing Interpretation systems for a large variety of customers. The ideal candidate will be fluent in Python, familiar with the processing of sensing data and familiar with machine learning techniques and implementations methods. There is no expectation of any deep expertise in Machine Learning or Data Science, but more an eargerness to learn from the system in place and its current architects. This person must be exceedingly well organized, detail oriented and flexible, embracing the challenges of working with a variety of situations and circumstances while having the ability to interact with collaborators and external stakeholders at all levels in a complex environment. The AID group is a fast paced and dynamic team where innovation is nurtured. The variety and scope of projects provides an interesting and challenging opportunity for an impactful individual.Responsibilities* Processing datasets using provided data processing, machine learning and visualization components of the OtoSense AI platform.* Communicating with all stakeholders (data science, product engineering, marketing, sales etc.) to present results matching specific evaluation metrics.* Improving platforms components and processes related to data processing pipelines.* Respecting software engineering best practices, from abstracted architecture to variable naming.* Documenting all changes brought to the system following established documentation guidelines.Requirements* Bachelor or Master degree in a data-intensive and software-intensive discipline.* Proficient in Python.* Good understanding of featurization and machine learning techniques.* Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills.* Excellent interpersonal skills and an ability to develop and articulate system requirements as part of a broader strategy.#LI-NS1For positions requiring access to technical data, Analog Devices, Inc. may have to obtain export licensing approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce - Bureau of Industry and Security and/or the U.S. Department of State - Directorate of Defense Trade Controls. As such, applicants for this position - except US Citizens, US Permanent Residents, and protected individuals as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3) - may have to go through an export licensing review process.Analog Devices, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Females/Vet/DisabilityEEO is the Law: Notice of Applicant Rights Under the LawEducation Level: Bachelor's DegreeTravel Required: No
