Altruist is an LA fintech company on a mission to make financial advice fair for everyone. We’re hiring a talented front end developer with a passion for startup culture. If you have a background in fintech with an understanding of the complexities around security, high availability, and accuracy of building systems, we’re especially excited to hear from you.

Our team is solving a huge problem that requires big-picture thinkers who are motivated to make a real difference through their work.

What you’ll do:
Work with product and technology teams to understand different entities and objects
Define a model to store source data that feeds into a transactional system and analytics platform
Work with content acquisition team in building partnerships with different data providers to enable integration
Create and maintain multiple pipeline architectures
What you’ll need:
10+ years of experience building scalable, modular data lakes/data warehouse or 8+ years of experience building large scale data warehouse systems
Degree in Computer Science with specialization in Analytics, Information System etc.
Strong data modeling skills
Strong analytical skills working with unstructured data
Advanced knowledge in SQL and scripting
Experience with big data tools: EMR, Hadoop, Spark etc.
Experience with Relational and No SQL: Cassandra & Postgres etc.
Experience with workflow management tool: Airflow or something similar
Experience with AWS cloud service: EMR, EC2, ECS etc.
Experience with object-oriented programming: Java, Python, Scala, R
Bonus Points
Experience with BI tools like Tableau/Domo or Looker
Worked in a fast-paced startup environment and has a track record of building scalable infrastructure and analytics platform
What you’ll get

At Altruist, you’ll work with a talented group of hungry creators looking to disrupt our industry. You’ll be given the freedom to do your best work alongside down-to-earth developers, designers, and thinkers who are at the leading edge of their discipline.

We offer top-of-the-line health benefits, 401(k) with employer match, a competitive salary, and a flexible schedule including unlimited vacation time. You’ll join on the ground floor and have the opportunity to make your mark and have a real say in how we build products. Our office is located in the heart of Venice on Abbot Kinney.

You’ll join a proven founding team that is backed by one of the most storied VCs in the US: Venrock. Together, we’re going to try to fix the broken parts of finance and investing.
