At Boeing, we are all innovators on a mission to connect, protect, explore and inspire. From the sea bed to outer space, youll learn and grow, contributing to work that shapes the world. Find your future with us.

Position Overview:

Boeing Defense Space & Security seek an Experienced RF/Microwave Engineer to support the in Space Vehicles organization based in El Segundo, CA.

Position Responsibilities:
Applies an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to lead activities to plan, design, develop and verify complex antenna/array systems - communication, sensor, electronic warfare and other electromagnetic systems and components active and passive.
Evaluates customer and /operational needs to define and coordinate antenna/array system performance requirements, integrate technical parameters and assure compatibility of all physical, functional and program interfaces.
Performs various analyses to optimize total system architecture.
Performs various levels of RF design and analysis using industry standard design/analysis tool.
Evaluates qualification data, compiles and completes QDDs
Performs trade studies, modeling, simulation and other forms of analysis to predict component, interconnects and system performance and to optimize design around established requirements.
This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a US Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. ยง 120.15 is required. US Person includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylee

Basic Qualifications (Required Skills and Experience):
Bachelor's Degree in an engineering classification is required.
Three (3) or more years of experience in the design or development of payload and/or antennas
Education/training or work experience with Antenna/payload design and characteristics.
US Person as defined by 22 C.F.R. ยง 120.15 is required.
Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills and Experience):
Successful completion of a Single Scope Background Investigation (SSBI) by the federal government within the last 5 years.
Experience with HFSS, DOORS, MATLAB, CREO, CREO VIEW, TEAMCENTER ENTERPRISE, and/or Gated Design Process.
Experience in the design or development of conventional and/or phased array antennas.
Hands-on hardware (lab environment) experience with Antenna design or testing.
Experience in antenna and antenna feed production and verification.
Typical Education & Experience:

Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related work experience or an equivalent combination of technical education and experience (e.g. Master). In the USA, ABET accreditation is the preferred, although not required, accreditation.

This position offers relocation based on candidate eligibility. Basic relocation is available for internal candidates.

Boeing is a Drug Free Workplace where post offer applicants and employees are subject to testing for marijuana, cocaine, opioids, amphetamines, PCP, and alcohol when criteria is met as outlined in our policies.

At Boeing, diversity, equity and inclusion are enduring company values. We strive to live these values every day not only because it's the right thing to do, but because our success depends on it. The company's commitment to diversity and inclusion means providing a work environment for all employees that is welcoming, respectful and equitable, with opportunities for personal and professional development.
