Curious about what it's like to work at the world's number 1 discovery platform as a Software Engineer? We're glad you asked!

What is the key purpose of a Software Engineer?

As a Software Engineer (future hire) working on our Los Angeles-based R&D team, you will be directly responsible for designing, building, measuring, and maintaining our backend services for our Newsroom product suite. Our platform uses AI, and the largest dataset on the open web, to support publishers and quality journalism in helping them plan and optimize editorial content, increase readership, and more effectively monetize.

What skills and qualifications do I need?
3-5 years of professional, hands-on coding experience, particularly with Java/Spring
Exposure to the rest of our tech stack: Spark, Kafka, Hadoop, Cassandra, Vertica, MySQL, HDFS, BigQuery, Docker, Linux
A firm understanding of system architecture and the design of web-based products
Passion for solving problems, and working very close to the business
What will I be doing on a day-to day today basis?

As a fast-moving technology company, no 2 days will ever be the same at Taboola. As a Software Engineer on our team, you will:
Work on a scrum team to engineer and develop one of the largest, real-time big data operations in the world, to support over 60TB of new data every day
Design, build, ship, measure, and maintain our backend services
Work on complex on projects such as: Top Articles, Topic Insights, Front Page Optimization, Actionable Alerts, and Subscriber Metrics
Why Tabooola?
If you ask our employees what they love about Taboola they will tell you that here they are able to discover their best professional self, explore where they can grow to, and learn from and together with smart and talented people
We work with some of the biggest names in the business including Hearst, Sport1, New York Daily News.
Taboola LA offers generous health, medical and dental coverage, 401k matching, a fully-stocked kitchen, commuter benefits, and various gym memberships
Sounds good, how do I apply?

It's easy, submit your CV by clicking the "Apply" button below.

Taboola is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity in all forms. We are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees and believe such an environment is critical for success. Employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need.
