Title
SAP Materials Master Data Analyst (Temp)
EOE Statement Mizuho OSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and makes business decisions based on job related criteria only. Company policy prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religious creed, gender, religion, marital status, registered domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition including genetic characteristics, sexual orientation, sexual identity, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state or local laws.
Category Operations
Location Mizuho OSI Corporate Office - Union City, CA
Description

This is a 6 month temporary assignment.

The Mizuho OSI Way

In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…

We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.

We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude. We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations. We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.

Dare to go further. Care to do more.

TOP REASONS TO JOIN THE MIZUHO OSI TEAM
Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho Way.
Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California
POSITION OVERVIEW
The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 1 to 2 full life cycle SAP implementations and have participated or have led roles in blueprint activities, creating SOP, work instructions and training users to maintenance and sustain the master data. In addition be a savvy self-directed and capable individual who’s accustomed to delivering time critical work products.
Bachelor's degree in business, and or in systems applications such as SAP Modules or equivalent work experience
Experience with full life cycle SAP implementations
Formal training or experience with ASAP implementation methodology
Excellent written and oral communication skills
We are looking for you, if you have the ability to:
Hold meetings on Material Master and Item Master Data Management.
Assist with refining Business Process Design for Item Material Master including tactical MDM process.
Coordinate with functional disciplines in OPS/SCM and their IT counterparts.
Identify MDM Classifications of data and assist with identifying local data attributes.
Assist with the MDM governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and SAP module owners.
Assist with identifying KPIs to improve quality and productivity.
Assist with workflows within MDM tool.
Here is what you will do day-to-day
Analyze business process requirements, design a solution approach in close collaboration with business teams
Write functional specifications and advise business teams of feasible solution designs
Work with IT in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts
Deliver BPP and solution documentation for implemented solutions
Work with functional teams (SD, MM, PP, FICO, QM)
Application Configuration and Support
Support SAP modules to meet business needs.
Unit test SAP software applications, including customizations and interfaces
Application Analysis and Design
Assist SAP users analyze and identify business process requirements.
Develop SAP functional application designs and specifications, individually or collaboratively.
Work as a member of cross-functional teams and add value by providing a technical perspective.
Guide Application Developers by recommending ways to design and unit-test applications. (SAP - PLM)
Change Management and Support
Provide QA function by reviewing/testing developer’s work.
Guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
Facilitate the process of change by clarifying new procedures and training system users.
Project Management and Control
Manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables
Direct project resources and/or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
Understand scope and planned estimates of undertaken activities and manage actual time relative to the planned estimates.
Problem Solving:
Plays a key role in the Order to Cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
Works with business analysts, business SMEs and various process owners to analyze their requirements: prepare and participate in workshops, requirement documentation, functional specifications and configuration documentation.
Provides support for Data extraction, data cleansing and loading
Works closely with IT resources for non-standard SAP objects.
Supports the development of test scripts and provide process expertise during test execution.
Assists and supports training document creation.
Finalizes the MDM configuration element s and triggers and support the solution after implementation.
Understand, follow and support Mizuho OSI’s internal Quality System policies, procedures and work instructions including but not limited to applicable external regulations (21 Code of Federal Regulations Part 820 Quality System Regulations and applicable International Standards).

Position Requirements

What you will need to be successful in this role:
A minimum of 5 years of SAP process and configuration experience in Sales & Distribution, Materials Management, Production Planning and Quality Management modules and MDM.
Experience in at least 2 full life cycle implementations of SAP.
Experience in supporting all phases of SAP project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
Experience in developing blueprint documentation, functional designs, test plans and scenarios as well as executing the tests.
Experience in and data validations during testing and implementation
Strong knowledge/experience in 1 additional SAP module is a must.
Experience with integration testing and implementation.
Thorough business understanding of Supply Chain processes.
Familiarity with SAP architecture.
Strong verbal and written communications skills, with an ability to express complex business concepts in technical terms.
Strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
Strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
Experience in the construction and distribution industry.
What you need to be prepared for:

The physical demands are representative of those needed to perform the essential functions of the job in an office environment. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

NOTE: This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties or functions to be performed by the incumbent. Employees will be required to follow any other job-related instructions and to perform any other job-related duties/functions requested by their supervisor.
Open Date 8/12/2019
Full-Time/Part-Time Casual
About the Organization Top Reason To Join The Mizuho OSI Team
• Privately held company with a tradition of market leadership and best-in-class innovation
• Fast-paced entrepreneurial culture focused on dramatically improving patient outcomes through personal empowerment
• Emphasis on continuous improvement and celebration of our values of R.E.S.P.E.C.T. and the Mizuho OSI Way.
• Create innovative solutions designed and manufactured at our HQ in Northern California

The Mizuho OSI Way
In 1978, we set out to change the way patients undergo surgery. As a Mizuho OSI customer, you can expect our commitment to the following…
• We commit to your satisfaction. If you are dissatisfied, we will strive to make it right.
• We do things the right way. We commit to hire people with competence, generosity and a caring attitude.
• We motivate our employees to use their individual strengths to provide creative solutions, changes, and innovations.
• We anticipate your needs through customer experiences, thus nurturing our relationships.

Collectively, this creates an environment that enables and inspires healthcare professionals to improve the lives of patients.
Dare to go further. Care to do more.

This position is currently accepting applications.
Apply Now
