Job Details

Job ID: 11445

New ideas are all around us, but only a few will change the world. That’s our focus at JPL. We ask the biggest questions, then search the universe for answers—literally. We build upon ideas that have guided generations, then share our discoveries to inspire generations to come. Your mission—your opportunity—is to seek out the answers that bring us one step closer. If you’re driven to discover, create, and inspire something that lasts a lifetime and beyond, you’re ready for JPL.

Located in Pasadena, California, JPL has a campus-like environment situated on 177 acres in the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains and offers a work environment unlike any other: we inspire passion, foster innovation, build collaboration, and reward excellence.

Responsibilities

Are you intrigued about artificial intelligence and autonomous systems?

Be part of the team leading the development of innovative space technologies such as self-piloting and onboard science processing systems.

The Artificial Intelligence Group works on fundamental research problems leading to unique software applications in spacecraft autonomy, scientific data analysis, and mission operations automation and onboard analysis for real-time decisions.

Development projects will include automation of ground and flight operations for communications stations, space missions, marine vehicles, aerial vehicles, including fleets of vehicles.

You will use Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies to partially and fully automate critical systems for scheduling, planning and resource allocation. You will initiate and lead new efforts in these areas.

Your job will entail but is not limited to:
Perform analysis on a wide variety of large and disparate datasets using highly complex and novel techniques
Develop novel, complex scheduling algorithms for autonomous systems that must interpret large amounts of input state, constraint, and event data to generate actions and scheduled to achieve higher level goals. Advance state of the art in the area, routinely publishes such advances
Communicate results to internal and external customers
Apply and combine current and emerging techniques and tools in novel ways
Develop and combine complex data analysis techniques and methods for a specific application
Design and develop software tools for data analytics
Develop system requirements
Formulate new concepts

Qualifications

Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related discipline with a minimum of 9 years of related experience; Master's degree in similar disciplines with a minimum of 7 year of related experience; or PhD with a minimum of 5 year of related experience in similar disciplines
Significant knowledge in one or more related fields of the following areas: software development, artificial intelligence, search, operations research, resource allocation mechanisms, quantitative modeling, machine learning, computer vision, risk models, decision theory, and probabilistic methods
Experience in wide application of principles, theories, concepts and techniques in modern programming languages such as C++, Python, Java, Hadoop map-reduce, R, Ruby, SAS, Artificial Intelligence Techniques and concepts
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in automation and analysis systems for logistics or robotic autonomous systems
Experience and background in Artificial Intelligence, Optimization, Search, Scheduling, Resource Allocation, Operations Research, or related fields
Extensive knowledge of applicable industry and/or academic practices and standards in Software design & development and Computer Science
Experience in interdisciplinary team leadership
Experience in writing proposals, task plans, and research publications for peer reviewed forums
Experience in formulating new concepts, visions, and technology thrusts
Experience in formulating and leading cross institutional efforts

Work Authorization

N/A

Connect with Us

Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.

JPL is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy or perceived pregnancy, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, protected military or veteran status or any other characteristic or condition protected by Federal, state or local law.

In addition, JPL is a VEVRAA Federal Contractor.

EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

The Jet Propulsion Laboratory is a federal facility. Due to rules imposed by NASA, JPL will not accept applications from citizens of designated countries or those born in a designated country unless they are Legal Permanent Residents of the U.S or have other protected status under 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3). The Designated Countries List is available here.

Print
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn

APPLY
