A little about us...L&T Infotech is one of the largest global technology consulting and digital solutions company -holding an annual revenue of $1.4 bn.

We were founded 20 years ago as the information technology arm of the Larsen & Toubro group.
We are currently partnered with more than 350 clients (66 of which are Fortune 500 companies).
We operate in 28 countries - employing over 28,000 employees world-wide !
We lead in providing the best experiences for our clients and their customers.
We provide our employees with a learning environment that promotes growth and creativity.

To learn more please visit us at www.lntinfotech.com follow us on Twitter @LTI_Global.

Job Details:

Skills & Experience:

5+ years of applicable engineering experience.
Strong proficiency in Python with an emphasis in building data pipelines.
Ability to write complex SQL to perform common types of analysis and aggregations.
Experience with Apache Airflow or Google Composer.
Detail-oriented and document all the work.
Can develop industrial strength applications in the data space using Python (preferred)/Spark or Scala or both (ideal), substantial programming experience.
Strong SQL, can think in sets, can write optimized ETL solutions.
Strong understanding of SQL WINDOW functions and their usages.
Experience with Python and programming background is required.
Expertise using both understand Spark or MPP architecture.
Experience with Snowflake or a modern MPP DB (Redshift, Vertica) is a plus.
Strong CS fundamentals (has to pass easy to medium level coding test in the language preferred + SQL Test).
Strong Communication skills and leadership skills.
Ready to work as an individual contributor and can take ownership of task assigned.
Past experience with AWS stack is a plus.
Analytical skills should be strong.

How will you grow?

Role-based Training programs
Continuing Education Programs (CEP) to enhance your knowledge, skills, and attitude as a professional
We encourage you to acquire various beneficial international certifications, with costs s reimbursed
Our role-based workshop helps us groom future leaders for LTI

What's in it for you?

Excellent benefits plan: medical, dental, vision, life, FSA, & PTO
Roll over vacation days
Commuter benefits
Excellent growth and advancement opportunities
Certification reimbursement
Rewards and recognition programs
Innovative and collaborative company culture

LTI values diversity and inclusion and is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.
