CAREERS THAT CHANGE LIVES:We are looking for a motivated individual with strong leadership and analytical skills to join our team. The position involves research and development of algorithms related to glucose sensing technology. In this role, the individual will help establish and drive the strategic direction of algorithms development and analytics of next generation glucose sensors, as well as provide technical leadership to the entire algorithm team. The role will involve all aspects of the R&D process, including data gathering, analysis, theory and algorithm development through to validation for regulatory submissions. A successful candidate will have experience leading technical programs and will have in-depth technical knowledge of signal processing and machine learning methodologies. Preference will be given to candidates with direct experience in the software and algorithm development lifecycle.DIABETES BUSINESS DESCRIPTION:The Diabetes Group at Medtronic is part of Medtronic plc, the global leader in medical technology. We are committed to ongoing breakthrough developments in leading-edge technology, unrivaled service and support, and uncompromising leadership. Medtronic is working with the global community to change the way people manage diabetes. Together, we will transform diabetes care by expanding access, integrating care and improving outcomes, so people with diabetes can enjoy greater freedom and better health.A DAY IN THE LIFE:* Establish a technical roadmap and drive the technical direction of algorithms and data analytics for the development of next generation glucose sensing* Drive/advance the strategy for the use of machine learning as a tool in all algorithm and analytics efforts* Lead development projects from investigation through to productization* Develop individuals assigned to the team by mentoring and developing their technical skillset. Promote engagement of individual team members* Collaborate closely with others in the R&D organization* Actively participate in meetings and share technical information and "best-practices" across the Sensor R&D organizationBASIC MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSIN ORDER TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION, THE FOLLOWING BASIC QUALIFICATIONS MUST BE EVIDENT ON YOUR RESUMEEducation Required* Bachelor degree with a minimum of 7 years of relevant experience, or advanced degree with a minimum of 5 years of relevant experienceNICE TO HAVE:* Direct experience with technical leadership* Knowledge of and direct experience working with signal processing and machine learning methodologies* Extensive programming experience with MATLAB and/or Python* Demonstrated ability to work and lead within a team-based project environment* Ability to effectively communicate technical information through presentation and through the preparation of technical documentation and/or manuscripts* Ability to read, analyze, and interpret common scientific and technical journals* Experience in a regulated industry and exposure to regulatory submissions* Experience interacting with a multi-disciplinary, cross-functional team* Direct experience working with and implementing advanced analytics and algorithm methodologiesPHYSICAL JOB REQUIREMENTS:The physical demands described within the Responsibilities section of this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.* While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to be independently mobile.* The employee is also required to interact with a computer, communicate with peers and co-workers, and sit for prolonged periods of time doing computer based work.* Employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.* The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.* Typical office and lab working environments.ABOUT MEDTRONICTogether, we can change healthcare worldwide. At Medtronic, we push the limits of what technology can do to help alleviate pain, restore health and extend life. We challenge ourselves and each other to make tomorrow better than yesterday. It is what makes this an exciting and rewarding place to be.We can accelerate and advance our ability to create meaningful innovations - but we will only succeed with the right people on our team. Let's work together to address universal healthcare needs and improve patients' lives. Help us shape the future.EEO STATEMENTIt is the policy of Medtronic to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, Medtronic will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.This employer participates in the federal E-Verify program to confirm the identity and employment authorization of all newly hired employees. For further information about the E-Verify program, please click here:http://www.uscis.gov/e-verify/employeesDISCLAIMERThe above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.
