Los Angeles, CA

Secret

Aerospace

Job Description

ENSCO, Inc. is seeking a Terminal Systems Engineer to support the Department of Defense (DoD) Military Satellite Communications (MILSATCOM) programs for the United States Air Force (USAF) Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC) in El Segundo, CA. This position will be part of the terminals engineering team responsible for the development of requirements, test and verification and interoperability certification. The terminals engineering team will support the SATCOM Capability Integrator’s Joint Terminal Engineering Office (JTEO) for the Space and Missile Systems Center (SMC) in Los Angeles, CA.
The MILSATCOM Systems Engineering, Integration, and Test (MSEIT) effort provides leading edge Systems Engineering & Integration (SE&I) for the Air Force’s Space and Missiles System Center. We support the Air Force’s acquisition of state-of-the-art Military Satellite Communications systems, providing global secure, survivable, and protected communications for our nation’s warfighters. We seek technical individuals who will thrive in a highly collaborative work environment of small teams, using the most modern tools and methodologies to tackle the challenges of integrating complex space and ground communications systems. Duties will include:
Conduct and participate in IPTs and Working Groups that address the design/development, production, integration, and certification of SATCOM terminals
Facilitate/develop/present resolution of issues related to terminal integration
Develop and maintain interoperability requirements for SATCOM programs
Develop program Interoperability Verification Plans (IVPs), trace IVPs to test events
Develop terminal Interoperability Certification Evaluation Plans (ICEPs)
Monitor test events, perform analysis on test results, develop report with recommendations
Collect, analyze, and report on data collected during program Integrated Tests

Qualifications Required (Skills)

BS in engineering or computer science or equivalent experience
15+ years of relevant technical experience in aerospace
5+ years in SATCOM terminals requirements verification, test and evaluation
Independent problem solving with a variety of systems engineering abilities, including knowledge and experience in requirements development, verification, and test
Ability to work effectively with customers and program stakeholders and have robust written and verbal communication skills
AN ACTIVE DOD SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE IS REQUIRED FOR THIS POSITION FOR WHICH YOU MUST BE A U.S. CITIZEN. IF YOU DO NOT MEET THIS REQUIREMENT YOU WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED

Qualifications Desired

Master’s degree in engineering
Protected MILSATCOM program experience, such as on Milstar, Advanced EHF or Enhanced Polar System
SATCOM terminal design, development, production, integration & test, and/or certification experience
Excellent oral/written communication skills and customer relationship skills
Independent problem solver, comfortable in a fast-paced environment and be able to quickly adapt to emerging requirements and changing priorities
#LI-TC1

Req ID

1858BR

Internal Position Title

Sr. Staff Systems Engineer

Employment Status

Regular Full-time

General Education/Years of Experience

BS or equiv; min 10 yrs prof exp

U.S. Citizenship

Yes

Background Check Type

7 year

Drug Screen Type

None

Export Control and Licensing

None

Contract Award Contingency

No

Recruiter

Toya Carter-Williams

Division Description

The Aerospace Sciences and Engineering (ASE) Division is based in Cocoa Beach, Fla. ASE’s primary focus is aerospace engineering and meteorological systems.

ENSCO’s aerospace engineering efforts support launch range activities throughout the U.S. ASE employees reliably develop and evaluate highly technical systems for critical launch operations, including range instrumentation, safety and communications.

The ASE Division is the premier integrator of disparate weather systems and technologies to enhance safety, reduce cost, and lessen weather impacts on space launches, aviation and business operations. ASE’s world-class meteorological capabilities, systems knowledge, and experience provide customers with systems that meet their exact requirements in a cost-effective manner.

Key customers include NASA, the Department of Defense, and commercial airlines.

Strength in Diversity

ENSCO, Inc. and its wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries are equal opportunity/affirmative action employers, committed to diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status, or any other protected characteristic under state or local law.
