The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Data Analytics Engineer for the Data Intelligence department. As a Data Analytics Engineer, the primary role will be to deliver the data analytics and business intelligence solutions and lead the company in advancing the capabilities to synthesize huge volumes of complex big data and refine that raw data into actionable insights meaningful and important to business.

Based on the analytical questions to explore, you will design and build the semantic layer to best support self-service Business Intelligence to users. In some cases, you will also work with business expert to generate key metrics and make them available in the Data Visualization tool.

This is a place where divisional analytical users can visit to understand how we are performing toward our goals, learn about the shape of our business metrics, and regularly check in on measurements that are central to our company's mission. We are looking for a well-rounded engineer who has good business and design sense.

The Daily
Lead selection, implementation, and integration of data visualization tools.
Guide adoption and planning of Tableau installation.
Work closely with business users to define and deliver effective data visualizations.
Create and maintain core internal dashboards that are cross-departmental.
Design and implement data security model to support flexible user access level.
Build aggregate datasets using ETL principles that underlay visualizations. Participate in the creation and support of BI development standards and best practices.
Continually research and improve new methods and technologies in the analytics and visualization space.
Apply your learnings to what you build.
Rapidly deliver on concepts through prototypes that can be presented for feedback
Train fellow employees on best practices for data visualization and help others be successful stewards of our tools.
Transform the way our business users consume data and insights through highly usable and visually stunning data products.
Enable everyone at Warner Bros. to be an analyst through the Self-Service BI model.
The Essentials
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineer, Mathematics or similar required.
3-4 years of relevant experience: Delivering business intelligence and dashboard solutions.
Expert in Tableau and data visualization design.
Analyzing, compiling, cleansing, interpreting, joining and staging data.
Working with an Enterprise Data Warehouse and Snowflake, Teradata, Oracle and/or SQL Server databases.
Demonstrable skills building responsive data visualizations.
Working in an Agile development environment.
Research product and technical data in order to recommend products, technologies, and processes for ongoing projects.
Proven ability to produce high-quality data visualizations in a fast-paced environment.
An expert who can tell a story with data, as well as visualize it with a variety of tools (Tableau, Looker etc).
Strong background in data relationships, modeling, semantic layer and mining.
Proficient in data wrangling technologies like SQL and Python.
Experience with Snowflake, Teradata or other parallel database.
Experience working with complex and large volumes of data.
Ability of filtering the signal from the noise in datasets.
Ability to work independently and problem solve with little to no direction.
Willingness and ability to learn in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to teach and train effectively.
Experience managing multiple, simultaneous projects.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work well under time constraints.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities, communicating changes in scope and schedule to all parties concerned.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality.
Loves data and pays close attention to details - caring about the quality of the input data as well as how the processed data is ultimately interpreted and used.
Master's degree preferred.
Experience with R or SAS is a plus.
Requisition #
177563BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
