Job Description
Primary Skills : MSQL, ETL, AZURE, PYTHON/LANGUAGE R
Duration: 06-12 Months (Contract to Hire)
Type: W2 only

Responsibilities:
Responsible for the architecture and design of enterprise Data Warehouse processes while providing technical leadership for Data Warehouse implementation, with design and development standards.
Responsible for the prompt, courteous and efficient management of all support requests to the Data Warehouse team, including ad-hoc data analysis requests.
Leads and executes migration of Data Warehouse platform to Azure platform, and subsequently manages all Data Pipelines and Data Lake.
Designs and develops Extraction, Transformation and Loading (ETL) processes to acquire and load data from internal and external sources.
Accountable for all aspects of the data warehouse processes including data modeling, ETL, data validation and implementation.
Documents and maintains business definitions, data dictionary and data mapping.
Implements data source integrations using various Web Services like REST and SOAP.
Develops and implements programs in various languages like SQL stored procedures, ASP .Net, Java, Python etc.
Evaluates data process optimization opportunities and develops recommendations and improvements.
Provides support to users in training and education on available data tools as required.
Required Skills:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or equivalent experience.
7+ years of experience in Information Technology.
5+ years in Data Warehouse applications.
5+ years of experience with the BI/DW lifecycle components including Source Data Analysis, ETL, ODS, Data Marts, Data Mining.
5+ years of analysis, development and programming experience.
1+ years of experience with Azure platform for data pipelines, ADF and data lakes.
Significant experience with data modeling skills (conceptual, logical and physical model design, Operational Data Stores, Enterprise Data Warehouses and Data Marts).
Strong verbal and written communication skills, with an ability to express complex technical concepts into cogent and comprehensible business terminology.
Strong organizational and planning skills, strong analytical abilities, and process orientation.
Commitment to excellence in service, performance, and execution.
Preferred Skills:
Microsoft SQL Server Database, Integration Services Certification.
3+ years proven experience in managing and executing data warehouse initiatives along with providing project management/process support to IT teams.
Development experience using APIs, Web Services, Webhooks etc.
Experience with Big Data technologies, AWS or Azure cloud environment, and Real-Time Integration methodologies.
Ability to adapt quickly in a rapidly changing environment while effectively managing multiple projects and priorities simultaneously.
To follow up with any questions, please contact @ Tarushi at 408-907-6403

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
