Description:

PROLIM Global Corporation (www.prolim.com) is currently seeking Big Data Engineer in Burbank, CA with one of our top
Clients.

Job Description

Big
Data Engineer
The purpose of the opportunity is to
identify, propose, develop, validate, and deploy innovative data insight
systems to business partners within the company.
Responsibilities
Leads and supports efforts to provide
timely, relevant, and clean data to various groups within the Company.
Identify, propose, develop, validate,
and deploy innovative data insight systems to business partners.
Provide business insights by integrating
data from disparate systems and services in maintainable ways and developing
validated solutions to provide those insights.
Provide support to other engineers in
the form of solution identification, mentoring, automation and data or effort
validation.
Identify opportunities for data sharing
and develop federated systems to supply that data.
Basic
Qualifications.
8+ years of software engineering 5+
years of large scale systems
A strong knowledge of the Java
programming language
Working experience with Hadoop batch
processing system and the map-reduce horizontally scalable paradigm
Experience with the Linux operating
system
Strong grounding in object oriented
programming, aspect oriented programming, design patterns, concurrency,
algorithms & data structures
Development experience using service
oriented architecture, JAX-RS and JAXB . Strong ability to research solutions,
processes, industry trends and best practices.
Experience with alternative data
processing platforms including Storm, Spark, Shark, Apache Mesos, Hive, PIG,
and Apache Crunch
Experience with an analytical approach
to tuning models
Experience with machine learning and
machine learning libraries like Apache Mahout
Experience with deployment environments
and systems including Amazon Web Services & Chef
Experience with diverse storage systems,
platforms and methods including hBase, MongoDB, Apache Avro, PostgreSQL,
Greenplum, Teradata
Experience with data integration
including Apache Camel, Spring Batch and Talend
Experience with pilot application
frameworks including Spring Roo, GWT 2.0, Portlets and Spring MVC
Experience with disciplined development
practices including using tools like Maven, TestNG, Findbugs, CheckStyle,
Checker, Sonar, wikis, coding standards and Git
Experience working in an evolved
technical organization including contributing to and following coding
guidelines, best practices, documenting, and presenting at brown bags,
professional groups and conferences.
Experienced in participating in scrum or
other agile development environments.
Apply online for immediate
consideration, please send your updated resume and contact info via email
rohit.sheelvant@prolim.com or Contact (248) 8760896 Ext 225.

About PROLIM Corporation

PROLIM
is a global company focused on product innovation by leveraging IT and PLM
Technologies. PROLIM has more than a decade of PLM Service history – serving
Automotive, Aerospace, High Tech and Industrial Machinery companies throughout
the world.

Our
Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) practice is powered by a team of consultants
who provide comprehensive end-to-end service offerings. We have a PLM
Center-of-Excellence (CoE) that enables our customers to build innovative
solutions to the most-pressing PLM challenges. The CoE is supported by the
right skills, resources, technologies and methodologies and helps develop
customized solutions to better manage the entire product lifecycle.
