About NEXT

NEXT was founded with a vision to implement solutions and bring change to a fragmented industry. As a FreightTech pioneer, we are designing technology-driven solutions to transform the $800B U.S. shipping & trucking industry. Our platform connects shippers with freight capacity for every step of a shipment's journey.

Headquartered in "Silicon Beach" El Segundo, CA -- NEXT is a company driven by a commitment to provide world-class service to shippers and truckers alike. We're on a mission to solve a trillion dollar puzzle and make freight painless.

Armed with experienced professionals from Google, Amazon, Salesforce and Twilio, NEXT is seeking change agents who are excited to make a meaningful impact on an industry driving the U.S. economy. We have been recognized as one of Built in LA's Best Small Companies to Work For and 50 Startups to Watch. NEXT is venture-backed by leaders such as Brookfield Ventures, GLP and Sequoia Capital.

Are you NEXT?

About The Role

We are passionate entrepreneurs, creative thinkers, and decision makers who are transforming the freight transportation industry with modern technology. We create delightful product experiences that enable freight to move effortlessly, solving complex problems for our shippers and carriers. We collaborate with some of the best designers, engineers, and business partners to achieve our goals.

As a member of NEXT's Data Engineering Team, you'll have a meaningful and lasting impact on our data science & analytics practice. You should have a passion for the craft of software development and a track record of delivering exceptional technical solutions in a fast-paced high growth software company. You thrive in a startup where every individual has a significant impact on the technology is empowered to make decisions and get things done.

What You'll Do
Build large scale fault tolerant data collection and processing pipelines from the ground up
Develop software services that leverage data and machine learning to support NEXTs data science practice, helping improve customer engagement within our flagship products
Work with the platform engineering team to collaborate on instrumentation and event stream implementation within NEXTs core platform architecture.
Identify and leverage third-party data feeds to improve our overall data offerings
What You'll Have
7 - 12 Years of experience in Data engineering or related software engineering experience in a fast-paced start-up environment.
Track record of delivering ETLs, machine learning pipelines, and data products within a cloud-based microservices or event streaming architecture.
Experience developing solutions in a continuous delivery eco-system.
Strong verbal and written communication skills and able to communicate effectively to technical and non-technical team members
Motivated by a sense of urgency and ownership
Preferred Qualifications
Graduate degree in computer science.
Active involvement in the open source community.
Experience in transportation, logistics, and supply chain industries.
Experience in venture-backed startups or other hyper-growth environments.
What You'll Receive:


Competitive Base Salary + Equity
Full Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits
401K w/ company match
Vacation and Holidays
Fun perks: open office, dog-friendly, unlimited snacks, and monthly catered lunches!
Join a rapidly growing technology company disrupting the trucking industry
