SSA Engineering- Who are we?
We help engineers iterate faster, ship high-quality products and enjoy doing it.
Our vision is to enable software development at high scale with ease and speed of a start up.
We build products which service the entire SDLC. These include build tools, code review workflows,CI/CD pipelines, performance tools/metrics , open source tools, technical education and documentation.
Our customers are engineers whether they build clients, backend services, data pipelines, machine learning models, or any other engineering stack.
Our motto is Speed, Quality and Joy.
Principal Software Engineer:
Works with little or no supervision. Is able to take general direction and formulate specific tasks to accomplish the desired end result. With little or no supervision, completes analysis of partially defined tasks, completes major portions of complex functional specs/design documents or entire documents.
Responsible for development and implementation of complete software components.
Create production quality code with high efficiency (Efficient Time, Space complexity).
Be part of a scrum team in an Agile development environment.
Provide consultations with other scrum teams that are dependent on your expertise.
Ability to interact with support teams to help resolve infield issues.
Ability and willingness to constantly learn and be upto date on latest technology advances.
Work closely with Product Owners, Product Managers and Quality Engineers to help develop quality products, testable code/design, and test tools.
Provide thought and technology leadership towards building great products
Keep customers protected by building innovative security solutions that run on millions of endpoints
Qualifications:
BS in Computer Science, Software Engineering or equivalent combination of Training & Experience with 8+ years of related work experience.
Strong data structure and algorithm fundamentals.
Strong Problem solving skills.
Strong communication skills (Written and verbal).
Expertise in DevOps, Continuous Integration, Automation, Test Driven Development and Microservices.
Strong knowledge in C++, C#, Python, golang, xunit, dotnetcore, NUnit, Web Services, nosql, document databases, mongodb, Docker, vCenter, virtualization, MySQL.
Experience in Python and scripting languages such as Javascript and Jscript.
Excellent troubleshooting skill to root cause complex issues
Should have the experience in analyzing crashes.
Demonstrated skill in using coding standards and being an active participant in code reviews
Should have experience of usage of tools such as Coverity, Bulls eye.
Generates engineering test plans from functional specification documents.
#LI-AS1

NortonLifeLock is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and accessible environment for all employees. All employment decisions are based on merit, experience, and business needs, without regard to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical conditions), genetic information, disability (physical or mental), medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, military or veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local law. NortonLifeLock strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based on such protected characteristics and seeks to recruit the most talented candidates from diverse cultures and backgrounds.

We also consider for employment qualified individuals with arrest and conviction records. In addition, NortonLifeLock will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Learn more about pay transparency.

EEO is the law. Applicants and employees of NortonLifeLock Inc. are protected under Federal law from discrimination. See the EEO poster and supplement.

Apply
