Req ID: 177939
The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Sr Full Stack Data Engineer for the Digital Product, Platform & Strategy: Content Mgmt & Distribution department. The Software Engineer will be a member of the Media Supply Chain (MSC) team within the WarnerMedia Technology (WMTO) organization, the position will be responsible for hands on development as well as managing application launches and software maintenance from inception to launch. The Software Engineer must understand business functions and requirements and translate those to working applications that allow Media Supply Chain technology to continue innovating in support of business need.

The Media Supply Chain Who We Are
Media Supply Chain is tasked to architect, engineer, and program manage a wide range of applications, workflows and services for our internal partners who operationally manage and distribute WarnerMedia content globally. Our applications and technology solutions are responsible for scheduling, image & asset metadata management, as well as, content processing and delivery as well as content mastering, localization and preservation. We are the team pioneering new ways to process and deliver WarnerMedia content to its global customers

The Media Supply Chain Mission
Our mission is to provide and sustain practical, innovative, agile software and technology solutions which are highly reliable, automated, measurable, optimized, modern systems capable of distributing high-quality content and metadata to our domestic and global platforms & partners.

The Daily
Develop and provide support for core functionality and components for applications and service in support of various content platforms by starting with business needs and objectives, creating functional and technical specifications and executing against a plan to launch and maintain applications.
Review project objectives and determine best technology for implementation. Implement best practice standards for development, build and deployment automation while mentoring and leading a team of engineers.
Review emerging technologies and evaluate potential uses for WarnerMedia (WM) Technology and other divisions. Develop prototype projects using new technologies.
Evaluate software products and vendors for WM Technology and other divisions. Recommend action, develop and lead implementation of selected products/services.
Work with internal and external developers to ensure WB Technology code standards and best practices are performed for development of applications.
The Essentials
B.S. in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
AWS Developer Certification preferred.
6+ years software development experience.
4+ years experience with Java, including significant demonstrable experience with Java 8.
2+ years experience in Node.js, Python or equivalent scripting lanague. Bash experience preferred.
Demonstrated expertise and experience in ELK stack (elasticsearch, logstash, kibana)
Demonstrated experience implementing database technologies such as NoSQL, and Relational. Experience in graph databases a plus.
Experience with a Javascript front end framework such as React.js or Polymer. Polymer experience preferred. Experience with a Java front-end framework such as Hibernate, Faces or Grails is a plus.
3+ years experience in working with noSQL databases such as Mongo, Couchbase, Dynamo, Cassandra or equivalent. Experience in graph databases such as Neptune or Neo4j preferred but not required.
Proficient in API design and development, specifically REST APIs. Experience with Swagger 2.0 and AWS API gateway is highly preferred.
Experience with source code and knowledge repositories such as git, jira, or equivalent systems.
Experience developing in AWS at scale leveraging core services such as Lambda, RDS, and ec2.
Experience with Build and Deployment tools such as Jenkins, Chef, Puppet, or equivalent.
Demonstrated expertise and experience in deploying containerized applications using Docker, Kubernetes or equivalent.
Demonstrated expertise and experience in automating development pipelines using Cloudformation or Teraform.
Proficient in a Linux environment.
Solid understanding of core DevOps and SDLC in an agile environment.
Overall knowledge of the entertainment industry business preferred.
Overall knowledge of WarnerMedia. businesses, business processes, technologies and applications that support it is preferred.
Ability to work with outside vendors and clients under sometimes adverse circumstances and under time critical constraints.
Must be able communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel (in person, written, telephone).
Must be able to pay close attention to detail.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including overtime, if and when necessary.
Must be able to respond to after-hours pager notifications to provide support for applications as necessary.
177939
