Cloud Data Engineer

Contract to Hire or Full time open

Long Beach, CA

JOB PURPOSE:

Perform a key role in the areas of advanced data techniques, including data modeling, data access, data integration, data visualization, data discovery, statistical methods and database design. Assist IT leads to develop IT strategies and to oversee data architectural designs for implementation of cloud. Focus on enabling SCAN end to end journey from On-Premise to Cloud in hybrid architecture.



ESSENTIAL JOB RESULTS:

Cloud data architecture, design, research, testing and evaluation of new technologies that improve and enhance enterprise systems reliability, availability and serviceability.

Collaborate with internal and external partners to ensure that cloud data architecture designs and blueprints align with the overall enterprise architecture framework.

Maintain knowledge of current and emerging technologies/products/trends related to cloud data architecture.

Ensure alignment of data architecture designs with business and IT goals/objectives.

Facilitate and participate in identification of cloud data solutions, options and features.

Communicate solution options to business owners/stakeholders (e.g. data architecture reviews).

Identify gaps between established standards and proposed solutions.

Maintain awareness of current state of enterprise data architecture and define future state of data architectures.

Share best practices knowledge related to cloud architecture, database design and data modeling.

Mentor team members to assist with technical skills related to data architecture, data modeling, database design, data security and data integration.

Create and maintain data architecture design to ensure high levels of speed, effectiveness and availability of data across platforms.

Deep understanding of Operational Data Storage, Enterprise Data Warehouse, Data Marts and Data Lake.

Contribute to team efforts by accomplishing related results as needed. Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills, ability to handle diverse situations, multiple initiatives and rapidly changing priorities.
