About Gap Inc.


Our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more. Our brands — Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Athleta, INTERMIX and Hill City — have dressed people from all walks of life and all kinds of families, all over the world, for every occasion for more than 50 years.

But we’re more than the clothes that we make. We know that business can and should be a force for good, and it’s why we work hard to make product that makes people feel good, inside and out. It’s why we’re committed to giving back to the communities where we live and work. If you're one of the super-talented who thrive on change, aren't afraid to take risks and love to make a difference, come grow with us.

About the role
The Product Operations Advanced Analytics and Data Science Team at Gap Inc. is a research team that applies techniques from operations research and machine learning to drive business benefits for Gap Inc. and its brands.
The teams focus is creating analytical capabilities to support product operations at Gap Inc. Areas of expertise include: demand forecasting, inventory replenishment, inventory and supply chain optimization, pricing, product testing, product attributes, flexible inventory and supply chain initiatives.
What you'll do
Build, validate, and maintain Operations Research (OR) and/or AI(Machine Learning (ML) /Deep learning), models
Provide quantitative research and analysis for identifying new business opportunities
Provide thought leadership in analytics and modeling
Synthesize findings, prepare presentations and assist in presenting findings to all levels of management
Provide framework/methodology for measurement and feedback mechanism for models
Manage analytical projects/initiatives of complex scale
Provide thought the leadership on methodologies and analytical roadmaps
Ability to mentor data scientists and interns
Collaborate within the team and outside the team to solve complex problems

Who you are
Proven experience in areas of optimization, statistics, machine learning, and big data technologie
Proven ability to develop and apply analytic solutions to solve business problems
Ability to work both at a detail level as well as to summarize findings and extrapolate knowledge to make strong recommendations for change
Experience developing short and long term visions for solutions that have significant business impact
Demonstrated examples of working with business partners to deliver a solution that met objectives
Knowledge of inventory management, merchandising, pricing, supply chain management, and optimization principles and concepts
Experience developing and working with inventory optimization and/or forecasting approaches for retail software or the retail industry
Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and influence product and analytics roadmap
Masters in Operations Research, Statistics, Math, Computer Science, Industrial Engineering or related field. PhD is a plus.
1+ yrs. of professional experience w/PhD, 4+ yrs. without PhD
Hands-on experience with data analysis, statistical, optimization and simulation packages (SQL, Python, Tensorflow, etc)
Experience working for retailers, consulting to retailers is highly desirable
Ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional teams
Experienced at working with business process owners to understand the process impact

Benefits at Gap Inc.
Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta for all employees.
One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.*
Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.*
Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay.*
Employee stock purchase plan.*
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.*
See more of the benefits we offer.
*For eligible employees
