Kin + Carta is hiring a Senior Mobile Engineer on a contract basis. The ideal potential employee for Kin + Carta is innovative, passionate about mobile technology with full-stack experience, looks to continually learn and enjoys sharing expertise. Strong verbal and written communication are a must. Experience working in an Agile Scrum development environment, or in a consulting capacity is a plus.

About you
Strong object-oriented design skills and a track record of delivering designs to market
Strong background in Swift or Objective C and Java
Strong understanding of iOS and Android software design patterns
Experience working with Auto Layout and size classes
Experience integrating with RESTful APIs
Strong knowledge of full stack development and Object Oriented development
Front-end development experience: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS
Experience with Angular, Typescripts, ReactJs, Vue.js, or node.js
You have worked with, and are proficient with C#; MVC pattern and frameworks; and SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Experience with source control solutions such as Git
Experience integrating third-party frameworks
Ability to effectively communicate technical topics to product owners, stakeholders and other business team members
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or MIS/IT preferred
What you will be doing:
Consulting with clients to understand technical needs, analyzing solution options and making a recommendation based on your knowledge and experience
Developing enterprise grade solutions
Gaining technical knowledge of software, hardware, and open source technology stacks
Partnering with top-notch designers to create award-winning user experiences
Bridging the gap between elegant front-end design and existing enterprise backend architectures
Kin + Carta exists to make the world work better by delivering transformative digital growth for our clients. As a digital transformation firm, we apply creativity, data, and technology to help clients invent, market, and operate new digital products and services that turn prospects into customers, and customers into advocates. Kin + Carta seamlessly integrates the strategic consulting, software engineering, and marketing technology needed to help businesses 'Make It Happen'.

Consultants at Kin + Carta have the opportunity to: engage with the most cutting-edge emerging technologies, solve difficult problems for some of the world's biggest companies, and work within a breadth of industries.

Kin + Carta is headquartered in Chicago and London with offices across four continents. Our culture and shared ways of working unite us globally, but it's our diverse specialisms, our connections, and our courage that makes our firm a recognized best place to work.

We welcome our Kin to show up as their full selves every day. Because this is so important to us, Kin + Carta is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
