The Vendor Data Group is part of the larger Core Development team at Jump Trading and is responsible for curating a centralized source of research and reference data for the firm to utilize. The Vendor Data Group operates in a very dynamic environment utilizing a sophisticated and diverse technology stack. The team interfaces with all aspects of the firm, from Trading, Research, and Technology to Risk, Middle Office and Accounting – providing individuals within the group a full 360-degree view of Jump. The role offers the individual the opportunity to develop both business and technical expertise, while significantly contributing to our evolving code base.

The ideal candidate will be able to dig into the technical details and work with end-users to understand their needs and implement streamlined solutions to deliver results. We are looking for individuals who are instinctively curious self-starters, demonstrating the ability to independently drive tasks and projects to completion in a team environment.

What you'll do:
Working with a variety of datasets provide a scalable, centralized, validated representation of reference data for consumers to utilize. This includes though is not limited to Security Master, Corporate Actions, Pricing and Entity Master data.
Review and understand various datasets leveraging vendor documentation, liaising with external vendors as needed to better understand data.
Anticipate data behavior, based on analysis and understood vendor and market conventions, and implement appropriate solutions and controls to identify and resolve issues during daily processing.
Skills you'll need:
At least 2+ years of demonstrated strong development skills in Python
Exposure/use of data analytics tools such as Pandas a bonus
Strong unit-testing / test-driven coding style
Willingness to diversify and master other technical skills on the job
Experience working with relational databases
Hands-on experience working within a Linux environment
Excellent written and verbal communication, analytical, and problem-solving skills
If you are currently a student or recent graduate, please see our Campus postings which offer both intern and full-time opportunities.
