Kin + Carta is seeking a Senior Java/Spring Engineer to join our Cloud Modernization Practice. You will be working on client-facing projects with Fortune 500 companies in the enterprise software ecosystem. Solid communication skills, a servant leadership attitude, a love of learning and an analytical mind are a must.

What You Will Be Doing:
Consulting with Fortune 500 clients in order to build enterprise grade cloud native applications
Supporting team members in order to deliver products to market in an efficient manner
Partnering with top-notch designers to create award winning user experiences
Bridging the gap between elegant front end design and existing enterprise backend architectures
Mentoring less experienced engineers to foster their career path and growth
Traveling to client site on a weekly basis to collaborate with client development team
Your Profile Includes:
Strong level knowledge of Java and Java web applications
Strong understanding of modern Spring frameworks (Spring Boot, Spring Cloud Services, etc)
Solid OOD and OOP skills are required
Previous experience delivering products in an Agile environment
Experience developing enterprise applications that support high traffic volumes
7 or more years of professional software development experience
Exposure to modern software practices such as TDD, CI/CD, etc. is required
Certifications in Google (Associate Cloud Engineer, Professional Cloud Developer) or Pivotal (Pivotal Certified Developer Java, Spring Professional) are preferred.
Previous consulting experience is a plus
Working experience with microservices architectures is a plus
Working experience with public cloud platforms (AWS, Azure, GCP) is a plus
Working experience with modern web application frameworks (AngularJS, ReactJS, etc) is also a plus
BS in Computer Science or a related field
Kin + Carta exists to make the world work better by delivering transformative digital growth for our clients. As a digital transformation firm, we apply creativity, data, and technology to help clients invent, market, and operate new digital products and services that turn prospects into customers, and customers into advocates. Kin + Carta seamlessly integrates the strategic consulting, software engineering, and marketing technology needed to help businesses 'Make It Happen'.

Consultants at Kin + Carta have the opportunity to: engage with the most cutting-edge emerging technologies, solve difficult problems for some of the world's biggest companies, and work within a breadth of industries.

Kin + Carta is headquartered in Chicago and London with offices across four continents. Our culture and shared ways of working unite us globally, but it's our diverse specialisms, our connections, and our courage that makes our firm a recognized best place to work.

We welcome our Kin to show up as their full selves every day. Because this is so important to us, Kin + Carta is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
