Kin + Carta is looking to hire a Full Stack/.NET engineer to join our Engineering Practice. You will be working on client-facing projects with Fortune 500 companies in the enterprise software ecosystem. Solid communication skills, a servant leadership attitude, a love of learning and an analytical mind are a must.

Your Profile Includes:
Previous professional experience working with C#
You have worked with microservices
Strong knowledge of full stack development and Object Oriented development
Published apps, websites or other examples of solutions built
Consulting experience a strong plus
You have worked with Azure
You have front-end development experience: HTML5, JavaScript, CSS, Angular
You have worked with, and are proficient with C#; MVC pattern and frameworks; and SQL and/or NoSQL databases
Strong communication skills, and an interest in interfacing with clients
A desire to learn and share your knowledge
An interest in working across a variety of other technologies outside of .NET such as Java
Certifications in Google (Associate Cloud Engineer, Professional Cloud Developer), Microsoft (Azure AI Engineer Associate, Azure Administrator Associate, Azure Developer Associate) or Pivotal (Pivotal Certified Developer .NET) are preferred.
Bachelor's degree (Computer Science preferred)
What You Will Be Doing:
Consulting with clients to understand technical needs, analyzing solution options and making a recommendation based upon your knowledge and experience
Developing enterprise grade solutions
Gaining technical knowledge of software, hardware, and open source technology stacks
Partnering with top-notch designers to create award-winning user experiences
Bridging the gap between elegant front-end design and existing enterprise backend architectures
Kin + Carta exists to make the world work better by delivering transformative digital growth for our clients. As a digital transformation firm, we apply creativity, data, and technology to help clients invent, market, and operate new digital products and services that turn prospects into customers, and customers into advocates. Kin + Carta seamlessly integrates the strategic consulting, software engineering, and marketing technology needed to help businesses 'Make It Happen'.

Consultants at Kin + Carta have the opportunity to: engage with the most cutting-edge emerging technologies, solve difficult problems for some of the world's biggest companies, and work within a breadth of industries.

Kin + Carta is headquartered in Chicago and London with offices across four continents. Our culture and shared ways of working unite us globally, but it's our diverse specialisms, our connections, and our courage that makes our firm a recognized best place to work.

We welcome our Kin to show up as their full selves every day. Because this is so important to us, Kin + Carta is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. If you need accommodations at any point in the application or interview process, please let us know.
