Structured Communication Systems is a leading information technology consultancy and systems integrator. We are experts at architecting and implementing secure and reliable solutions for delivering business applications, ensuring business continuity, enhancing data center performance and efficiency, enabling mobile workers, securing information assets and providing information security and governance.

Structured has an immediate National opening in the U.S. for a Senior Unified Communication Engineer (Cisco). This position is responsible for the planning, design, build, and 24×7 support of customers, Cisco Collaboration Solutions. These components include the development, documentation, and implementation of best practices for multiple projects that will require in depth knowledge of multiple technical areas.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities

An individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily in order to meet the qualifications required to perform this job successfully. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Previous consulting/professional service experience is a strong desire.
Develop and oversee the adherence to maintenance and performance standards of data, voice or video network hardware and systems.
Troubleshoot highly complex data, voice or video network and hardware problems.
Perform capacity planning through the ongoing monitoring, alerting, and reporting of resource utilization levels and errors in the environment using a variety of tools and processes.
Implement and maintain collaboration security best practices by assessing current threats, vulnerabilities, risks and associated technical countermeasures.
Maintain inventories for support and maintenance per location by working with our selected vendors.
Build, maintain, and audit all voice network related documentation as it relates to configuration, processes, service records, asset inventories, topologies, administration manuals, job instructions, support contacts, etc.
Develop unified communication strategies.
Plan, design, and optimize high level voice, video and network solutions.
Perform network readiness and collaboration assessments.
Perform analysis & trending of utilization and growth providing a proactive design based on the demands of the business.
Translate business requirements into telephony or process designs.
Plan and recommend collaboration solutions.
Assist in the planning & design of the IP voice network.
Analyze technical needs, requirements, and state of the networks infrastructure design, integration, and operations.
Provide knowledge transfer and detailed design/operational documentation to clients.
Design and support global scale collaboration solutions.
Competencies
Promote and maintain the highest standard of customer service at all times.
Ability to maintain and continually develop accurate product and application knowledge.
Overcome technical and business objections posed by prospective customers.
Proactively learn and utilize new technologies, concepts and procedures as necessary based upon project requirements.
Ability to communicate at all levels of an organization from end-user to senior management about both business and IT needs.
Excellent project management, project scoping, troubleshooting, problem resolution, documentation and customer management skills required.
Education and Experience Requirements

Bachelor degree in Information Systems or equivalent experience. At least 5+ years of experience in related Collaboration, Unified Communication design and implementation experience including some of the following: Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Cisco Unity Connection, Cisco Unified IM & Presence, Cisco Emergency Responder, Cisco Contact Center Express (UCCX), Video Conferencing, Telepresence and Webex solutions , VCS\Expressway Voice Gateways/Routers/Switches.
Cisco Certifications such as CCNP Collaboration or CCIE Collaboration.
Experience with LAN/WAN technologies and QOS design & implementation.
Understanding of voice protocols such as SIP, H323, MGCP, SCCP.
Current knowledge/understanding of SRST, MPLS, DMVPN, IPSEC and WAN.
Experience with medium to large enterprise organizations with multiple remote locations.
Experience working with application owners and other IT stakeholders to build and. support the most efficient and stable networking capabilities.
Experience with 24 X 7 support leadership in conjunction with a managed service provider maintaining accountability and measurement of uptime.
Language Skills

Ability to read, analyze, and interpret quotes and reports. Ability to correspond, effectively present information, and respond to questions from employees, management, vendors and customers.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to walk, stand, sit or step up to access Data Centers; use hands to, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms and talk and hear. The employee is occasionally required to stoop, kneel, crouch and twist. The employee will occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.

Must have a valid Drivers License and motor vehicle insurance (at least equal to the states minimum coverage requirements), as well as, and the ability to travel to customer locations and other destinations for short to medium term projects.

Working Conditions

The working conditions characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Work is performed in both a general office environment, as well as a data center environment. Within the general office environment both the lighting and temperature are generally moderate. The data center environment is generally cool in temperature and the lighting is moderate; the noise level in the data center environment is generally loud.

This position may also require an adjusted work schedule and evening hours in order to meet or attend vendor/customer needs. Flexibility to field phone calls, pager or system alerts and provide remote and/or on-site support to clients outside of normal business hours, including weekends and holidays.

Compensation

Our organization provides a full compensation package that facilitates development and growth. The benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, group life and AD&D insurance, and long and short-term disability coverage and 401(k). We also provide training on mutually agreed upon professional goals through a combination of self-study courses, formal training, and on-the-job training. Obtaining industry based certifications is highly encouraged.

*Structured is an Equal Opportunity Employer with a strong commitment to supporting and retaining a diverse and talented workforce.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Relevant Cisco UC Design: 5 years (Preferred)
License:
CCNP Collaboration or CCIE Collaboration (Required)
CCVP (Required)
Required travel:
50% (Required)
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Professional development assistance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
