We're looking for a Senior Data Engineer for our Chicago to join us in building our next generation data processing platform. As part of the platform team you will work in multiple areas including campaign performance measurement and reporting, ad fraud, and botnet detection.

Are you someone who likes to have fun at work? Are you passionate about picking problems apart, driving results, and making an impact? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced, dynamic environment where no two days are the same? If so, we want to speak with you!

About our team:

Quite simply our platform is the engine that powers the verification, optimization, and analytics solutions we provide. It has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds.

What you'll do:
Work on Big Data technologies, lead the design, coding and maintenance of highly scalable backend data processing platform for large throughput
Work on the data modelling for the MPP columnar databases to handle high volume of queries with sub-second response times
Lead the entire software lifecycle including hands-on development, code reviews, testing, continuous integration, continuous deployment and documentation using modern programming languages (such as Java, Scala, Python)
Perform tuning of systems for optimal performance
Mentor junior team members
You should apply if you have most of this:
5+ years of recent hands-on experience in one or more of the modern programming languages (Java, Scala, Python)
Good understanding of collections, multi-threading, JVM memory model, algorithms, scalability and various tradeoffs in a Big Data setting.
Experience developing and maintaining ETL applications and data pipelines using big data technologies
Strong SQL knowledge (OLAP) and experience working with mpp columnar databases (Vertica, SnowFlake,etc)
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Understanding of full software development life cycle, agile development and continuous integration
What puts you over the top:
Data warehouse experience in SnowFlake and experience writing ETL pipelines in SnowFlake
Experience working with AWS technologies such EMR, step functions, data pipeline, cloudformation, etc.
Experience working with hadoop mapreduce, spark, pig, hive, etc.
About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is the global market leader in digital ad verification, offering technologies that drive high-quality advertising media. IAS equips advertisers and publishers with both the insight and technology to protect their advertising investments from fraud and unsafe environments as well as to capture consumer attention, and drive business outcomes. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 18 offices across 13 countries. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of software companies. For more on how IAS is powering great impressions for top publishers and advertisers around the world, visit integralads.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:

We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
