Description


At our heart, we are technologists with a keen understanding of business environments, challenges, and initiatives. Our team of experts bring decades of technical and consulting knowledge, project leadership, and an understanding of complex problem-solving. We have an established track record in all things Microsoft Azure and Microsoft 365 including Application Services, Azure Infrastructure, Data Platform Services, Machine Learning, User Experience, and IoT.

We are seeking Data Engineers as a critical part of our Azure Cloud Enablement (ACE) team.
Location: Chicago IL
Travel: Up to 30%
ACE in a nutshell


The ACE team sits at the intersection of technology, innovation, creativity, and blended learning. At our core, we are obsessed with providing customers with the best solutions to their biggest challenges.

We build B2B enterprise software: smart vehicles, custom web apps that hit hundreds of thousands of people, and big data warehouses are just some of what you will have the opportunity to develop. We are Microsoft Gold Certified in Application Development, Cloud Platform, Data Analytics, Data Platform and many more.

You’ll work out of our bustling Chicago office, side-by-side with experts in all things Data Platform, Data Science, Application Development, User Experience, and Cloud Infrastructure. Expect rapid career growth—we preach recognition and reward those with the aptitude and attitude to get it right.

Once you’re here…


You'll have full access to our reference architecture. Our services methodology is built on reusable technology components, patterns, and processes that have been refined and proven on thousands of production solutions. You’ll learn to develop complex data architectures, solve for real-time data needs of large businesses, and navigate the changing landscape of the Azure stack.

You will collaborate regularly with our experts, work across numerous industries, clients, and technologies. You will learn something new every day and begin adding value to our team almost immediately. You’ll join our flagship Launch Program to get you up to speed as quickly as possible.

You will partner with clients across several key industries including Healthcare, Manufacturing and Industrial Products, Financial Services, Professional Services, Engineering and High Technology, Retail and more.

Beyond the tech, you'll benefit from dollar for dollar 401(k) matching (up to 6% of your salary), ongoing structured learning opportunities, subsidized healthcare, vision, and dental plans (amongst others), a fully stocked snack, coffee, and drink bar, and a laid-back team looking to disrupt the status quo.

Relevant experience


Our basic requirement is that you must have completed a relevant job, program, degree, or internship at some point in the recent past. You should have experience working with others collaboratively, thinking critically about solving problems and technically executing. You should be hungry to learn new technology, humble with your willingness to help others, and socially capable of working collaboratively.
You must be able to work with customer stakeholders to understand business and technical requirements.
You should have skill in SQL at an advanced level, including complex queries, data definition, constraint specification, coding with SQL or similar, and database modeling.
You are inherently iterative, with knowledge of Agile methodologies, estimation techniques, and (optionally) workshop and prototype techniques.
You have a strong understanding of one or more of the following:
Power BI or similar data visualization tool
Azure or similar cloud platform
Python or Spark or similar Data Engineering language
PowerShell or similar scripting language
Azure Data Warehouse (ADW) or similar MPP database platform
Azure Data Lake (ADL)
Nice to haves:

Experience with Azure Data Platform (Azure Data Factory v.2, Azure Data Warehouse, Databricks, etc.)
Knowledge of the overall internal structure of a database system including indexing, query processing, transaction management, and fault tolerance.
Ability to design a database, implement a design in a real database system, and construct user interfaces to the database via an API or 3rd party tool.
2+ internships in related roles.
