DPS - FIN - CAPPS Financial Senior Data Analyst (00008999)
Organization
: TEXAS DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY
Primary Location
: Texas-Austin
Work Locations
:
AUSTIN HQ (MAIN)
PO BOX 4087 5805 N LAMAR BLVD, AUSTIN TX 78752
Austin 78773
Job
: Computer and Mathematical
Employee Status
: Regular
Schedule
: Full-time Standard Hours Per Week: 40.00
State Job Code: 0256
Salary Admin Plan: B
Grade: 24
Salary (Pay Basis)
: 5,500.00 - 7,000.00 (Monthly)
Number of Openings
: 3
Overtime Status
: Exempt
Job Posting
: Mar 31, 2020, 6:15:34 AM
Closing Date
: Ongoing
Description


THE POSITION WAS RE-OPENED. THOSE WHO HAVE ALREADY APPLIED DO NOT NEED TO REAPPLY.

PLEASE NOTE: All applications must contain complete job histories, which includes job title, dates of employment, name of employer, supervisor's name and phone number and a description of duties performed. If this information is not submitted, your application may be rejected because it is incomplete. Resumes do not take the place of this required information.

SUBMITTED THROUGH WORK IN TEXAS: Work In Texas (WIT) applicants must complete the supplemental questions to be considered for the posting. In order to complete the supplemental questions please go to CAPPS Recruit to register or login and access your profile. Go to CAPPS Recruit to Sign In https://capps.taleo.net/careersection/ex/jobsearch.ftl?lang=en

GENERAL DESCRIPTION
Performs advanced (senior-level) computer systems analysis work related to CAPPS Financials. Work involves coordinating the planning, implementation and analysis of user requirements, procedures, and problems to automate processing or to improve existing systems. May supervise the work of others. Works under minimal supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES:

1. Coordinate the planning, design, development, implementation, support, and maintenance of financial information technology security measures to safeguard departmental information.

2. Coordinate and/or participate in the development and execution of financial enterprise level strategies and technical direction, including establishing processes and procedures for executing and maintaining financial technology road maps.

3. Oversee the query development/deployment as well as identification of errors and production related issues to the financial system.

4. Oversee studies and the preparation of reports that include study findings, recommendations, and instructions for proposed system implementations; formulate logical descriptions of problems; and devise and implement optimum solutions related to the agency financial application.

5. Oversee projects that cross functional agency systems and other state entities that require coordinating, planning, and scheduling during project development and implementation stages.

6. Oversee the preparation of charts, diagrams, and tables that depict the present and proposed systems in terms of costs, benefits derived, and tasks accomplished.

7. Oversee the training of staff prior to the implementation of technical and/or computer systems and offers advice and guidance during the implementation process related to the agency financial systems.

8. Oversee the design and implementation of new or revised methods that effectively meet agency needs.

9. Analyze and define agency disaster recovery responsibilities and procedures related to the agency financial systems.

10. Develop and implement strategic planning actions and policy decisions related to the agency financial systems, and make recommendations concerning the direction related to the agency financial systems.

11. Develop agency financial systems computer operations and management information system plans.

12. Develop, analyze, and revise systems design procedures, program lines of code, test procedures, and quality standards related to the agency financial systems

13. May plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of other as required.

14. Attend work regularly and observe approved work hours in accordance with agency leave and attendance policies.

15. Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications


GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS and REQUIREMENTS:

Education – Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in computer science, computer information systems, management information systems, or a related field is generally preferred.

Experience – Minimum of three (3) years’ experience in systems analysis and design work performing progressively responsible work in financial systems or closely related activities (advanced query writing or advanced database skills may be substituted year for year.)

Substitution Note: Additional work experience of the type described or other related education may be substituted for one another on a year-for-year basis.

Licensure and/or Certification – If driving is required must possess a valid driver license from state of residence.

Regulatory Knowledge – Working knowledge of, or the ability to rapidly assimilate information related to TXDPS, State and Federal regulations, legislation, guidelines, policies and procedures.

Accounting Knowledge - Analyzing facts, data, and narrative reports. Plan, organize and analyze accounting related to the CAPPS Financials/HR Systems. Analyze problems, identify causative factors and elements in financial system problems, apply actions to effectively resolve, prevent recurrence of problematic conditions, and present alternative solutions that may be effective for problem resolution.

Supervisory/Managerial/Leadership Skills – Knowledge of management and supervisory methods and principles, performance and productivity standards, and financial systems management. Able to develop plans, policies, and procedures for efficient workflow and overall effectiveness. Must exhibit integrity; provide clear direction to subordinates; promote teamwork and be able to motivate others to accomplish goals.

Interpersonal Skills – Must demonstrate an ability to exercise poise, tact, diplomacy and an ability to establish and maintain positive, working/professional relationships with internal/external customers.

Organizational and Prioritization Skills – Must be organized, flexible, and able to effectively prioritize in a multi-demand and constantly changing environment; able to meet multiple and sometimes conflicting deadlines without sacrificing accuracy, timeliness or professionalism.

Presentation/Communication Skills – Must be able to construct and deliver clear, concise, and professional presentations to a variety of audiences and/or individuals.

Research and Comprehension – Skill in coordinating and solving problems; in developing reports or revising reports; in scheduling, testing, installing, and implementing programs; and in troubleshooting computer systems.

Analytical Reasoning/Attention to Detail – Ability to analyze systems and procedures; to write and revise standards and procedures; to handle multiple projects; to communicate effectively; and to plan, assign, and/or supervise the work of others.

Technology – Considerable knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of automated accounting systems (CAPPS) or Business Intelligence reporting systems such as Tableau, Business Objects, Micro strategy or similar systems as a means of processing, recording, and reporting financial transactions. Demonstrated proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).

Confidentiality and Protected Information – Must demonstrate an ability to responsibly handle sensitive and confidential information and situations, and adhere to applicable laws/statutes/policies related to access, maintenance and dissemination of information.

Safety – Must be able to work in safe manner at all times, avoiding shortcuts that have potential adverse results/risks, and must be able to comply with safety standards and best practices.

Travel and/or Schedule – Travel up to 10%, weekend work and overtime are required periodically.

PHYSICAL and/or ENVIRONMENTAL DEMANDS:

The physical and environmental demands described here are representative of those encountered and/or necessary for the employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job; reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
• Environment: Office;
• Ambulatory skills, e.g. stand, walk, sit;
• Hand-eye coordination and arm/hand/finger dexterity;
• Ability to speak, hear, and exercise visual acuity;
• Ability to transfer weights of twenty-five (25) pounds anticipated for this position;
• Driving requirements: Low frequency (five [5%])

State of Texas Benefits and Retirement Information: https://www.ers.texas.gov/

DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group and state title will be transferred with no salary change.

DPS employee who is selected for a position in their current salary group with a new state title may receive an increase up to 3.4%.

Salary is contingent upon qualifications and is subject to salary administration and budgetary restrictions.

DUE TO THE HIGH VOLUME OF APPLICATIONS WE DO NOT ACCEPT TELEPHONE CALLS, ONLY CANDIDATES SELECTED FOR INTERVIEW WILL BE CONTACTED.

State of Texas retirees may be rehired for full-time, non-commissioned positions only under very specific circumstances.
