Here @Strata…


We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading.

We look for someone who:
Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community.
Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources).
Rocks Impact: Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference.
Will be a StrataPro: Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another.
What you’ll do in this role:


As a Performance Test Engineer, you will have the opportunity to work cross-functionally with application developers, architects, DBAs, DevOps engineers, and business stakeholders to improve the performance and scalability of our products. Your key responsibilities include:
Understand the business needs and core products
Collaborate with application teams to improve performance and load testing processes, approaches, tools, and techniques
Establish a high-level performance testing strategy
Build test plans and detailed performance test scripts for key user workflows using non-functional requirements
Analyze performance test results for accuracy, clarity, and completeness and share with key stakeholders on an ongoing basis
Assist in root cause analysis of performance defects and provide insights into optimization opportunities
Analyze production data to identify cross-solution dependencies and application bottlenecks
Support the business’ capacity planning processes
Maintain performance testing applications, environment, and datasets
Integrate performance testing scripts into CI/CD pipeline
Guide, mentor and train other engineers on performance and capacity testing
Your accomplishments include:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science (or related engineering field)
3+ years of work experience in performance testing
Track record of planning and driving complex performance engineering projects
Strong background using industry standard performance testing and automation tools like Apache JMeter, BlazeMeter, Visual Studio Load Tests, and HP LoadRunner
Strong understanding of Databases and SQL
Experience using network proxy tools e.g. Fiddler, Charles, Wireshark, etc.
Experience with gathering and analyzing performance metrics using SQL Profiler, Grafana, etc
Exposure to CI/CD& DevOps processes
Exposure to using performance testing tools in the Cloud
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Outstanding verbal and written communication
Strong, self-motivated desire to continuously improve quality through optimization, automation, and innovation
