Here @Strata…


We are committed to our mission to help heal healthcare. Our unique culture is driven by a social, hardworking environment full of talented people solving problems together. We embrace learning, cross-team collaboration, and continuous career growth. Lifting each other to lift our clients, our product, our company. If being part of a fun, fast-moving, innovative team is what you seek? Keep reading.

We look for someone who:
Is Service-Centric: Someone who desires to make an impact in and outside of our office. We look for service minded people to support our customers, each other and our community.
Has a Growth Mindset: Driven to own your individual learning and development (We’ll help you - we have a team dedicated to training you and providing extra educational resources).
Rocks Impact: Thinks two steps ahead to ensure the work we do will solve problems and make a difference.
Will be a StrataPro: Respectful. Accountable. Prepared. Positive. Core to who we are and how we treat one another.
What you’ll do in this role:


We are looking for a motivated full stack Software Engineer who is passionate about learning and growing their technical skills. You will be a member of a small Agile team collaborating in 2-week sprints alongside quality assurance engineers, UX designers, a product manager, and a scrum master.

You will be developing our software solution, StrataJazz®, which is used by many of the nation’s leading healthcare providers. Our software helps our customers leverage their financial, operational, and clinical data to drive their mission of providing world-class care, while improving their financial health.
Write clean code that is testable and scalable
Design and develop new features and maintain existing functionality
Ensure product quality through automated tests and submitting code reviews
Be an active participant in Agile scrum ceremonies
Our technology stack
Tooling:Visual Studio 2017 / 2019, Visual Studio Code, Bitbucket, Jira, VersionOne, Slack
Data:Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Analysis Services, Redis, Snowflake, Amazon AWS
Backend:C#, .NET Framework, .NET Core, ASP.NET Web Forms / MVC / Web API, HangFire, ElasticSearch / LogStash / Kibana
Frontend:Sencha ExtJS, ReactJS, SCSS
Infrastructure: Docker, Team City, Octopus
Engineering culture and perks
Clear and defined career lattice
Hackathons
Team budget for social events
Education grant for books, conference, training
PluralSight and LinkedIn learning subscriptions
Flexible work hours and environment
Your accomplishments include:

Understanding of Object-Oriented Principles
Experience with database design and SQL
Experience with client-side technologies (HTML / Javascript / CSS)
Agile experience is a plus
Ambitious innovator, ready to actively contribute beginning Day One
BS in engineering field or the equivalent experience
