You will be working on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of Data Scientists and Data Engineers use to progress from data to impact.

We are passionate about life-long learning and professional development individual to each of our employees.

Role responsibilities
Work with clients to model their data landscape, obtain data extracts, and define secure data exchange approaches
Plan and deliver secure, good practice data integration strategies and approaches
Acquire, ingest, and process data from multiple sources and systems into Big Data platforms
Create and manage data environments in the Cloud
Collaborate with our data scientists to map data fields to hypotheses and curate, wrangle, and prepare data for use in their advanced analytical models
Have a strong understanding of Information Security principles to ensure compliant handling and management of client data
This is a fantastic opportunity to be involved in end-to-end data management for bleeding edge Advanced Analytics and Data Science
What you’ll learn
Influence, develop and master best-practice around modern tools that support rapid development of analytics solutions like Python, Spark, Airflow and others.
Apply cutting edge data solutions to real world problems
Learn to deeply understand the data science and data engineering process and develop impactful and reusable patterns and abstractions
Collaboratively advance the state of art in QuantumBlack’s practice and for our clients
Build products alongside the core engineering team and evolve the engineering process to handle more users, resolutions for complex problems and advanced client situations.
Work with an extensive range of technologies around big data tools.
Work with clear objectives for your Data Engineering expertise while collaborating with the Data Science, Machine Learning Engineer and Design teams
You will work on the frameworks and libraries that our teams of Data Scientists and Data Engineers use to progress from data to impact. You will guide global companies through data science solutions to transform their businesses and enhance performance across industries including healthcare, automotive, energy and elite sport.
Real-World Impact – No project is ever the same; we work across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership – We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork - Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture – Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity – With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Our projects range from helping pharmaceutical companies bring lifesaving drugs to market quicker to optimising a Formula1 car’s performance. At QuantumBlack you have the best of both worlds; all the benefits of being part of one of the leading management consultancies globally and the autonomy to thrive in a fast growth tech culture:
Healthcare Efficiency – We helped a healthcare provider improve their clinical trial practices by identifying congestion in diagnostic testing as a key indicator of admissions breaches.
Environmental Impact – We designed and built the first data-driven application for a state of the art centre of excellence in urban innovation by collecting real-time data from environmental sensors across London and deploying proprietary analytics to find unexpected patterns in air pollution.
Product Development – We worked with the CEO of an elite automotive organisation to reduce the 18-month car development timeframe by improving processes, designs and team structures.
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits.
