Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions for the advertising industry and we're looking for a Tech Lead to join our Data Engineering team. If you are excited by technology that has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day; and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds, then IAS is the place for you!

Our platform is the engine that powers the verification, optimization, and analytics solutions we provide. It has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds.

What you'll do:
Working on Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, MapReduce, Kafka, and/or Spark in columnar databases
Architect, design, code and maintain components for aggregating tens of billions of daily transactions
Lead the entire software lifecycle including hands-on development, code reviews, testing, deployment, and documentation for streaming and batch ETL's and RESTful API's
Mentor junior team members
You should apply if you have most of this:
5+ years of recent hands-on Java experience
Strong knowledge of collections, multi-threading, JVM memory model, etc.
Great understanding of designing for performance, scalability, and reliability
Superb understanding of algorithms, scalability and various tradeoffs in a Big Data setting
In-depth understanding of object oriented programming concepts
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Understanding of full software development life cycle, agile development and continuous integration
Good knowledge of Linux command line tools
Experience with Hadoop MapReduce, Spark, Pig
Solid understanding of database fundamentals, good knowledge of SQL
What puts you over the top:
Exposure to messaging frameworks like Kafka or RabbitMQ
Some exposure to functional programming languages like Scala
Experience with Spark
About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is the global market leader in digital ad verification, offering technologies that drive high-quality advertising media. IAS equips advertisers and publishers with both the insight and technology to protect their advertising investments from fraud and unsafe environments as well as to capture consumer attention, and drive business outcomes. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 18 offices across 13 countries. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of software companies. For more on how IAS is powering great impressions for top publishers and advertisers around the world, visit integralads.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:

We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
