Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name
DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith
DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH
NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell
Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

The Checkout Web team builds the user experiences used by millions of buyers across the globe. We don’t think buying online has to be a “one size fits all” process, we’re on a mission to provide smarter, more tailored, experiences to all of our users. It’s a future where buyers can pay the way they want with all the accompanying benefits, all without sellers needing to know anything about a complex global e-commerce ecosystem. Our JavaScript SDK enables sellers, from the smallest local business to large multi-national corporations, to add the latest PayPal payment methods to their sites. We leverage data from multiple sources to ensure we show the most relevant options to buyers, whether its PayPal, Venmo, PayPal Credit or any number of local alternative payment methods. We're looking for a lead engineer to join the team and help bring the next generation of intelligence and customer personalization to our payment buttons.

Job Description:

What you'll be doing
Leading the build and development of new user-facing payment experiences.
Working with stakeholders across PayPal to create a simple, robust SDK that enables all PayPal has to offer.
Partner closely with cross-functional partners in design and product.
Drive discussion and provide feedback on code and architecture.
Bringing product and code improvement ideas to the team.
Being willing and able to learn new technologies and programming languages when the need to do so arises
Working with other teams and helping to set expectations and boundaries for your team
Job Requirements
4+ years of work experience in developing web applications.
Experience in building single-page applications using React or other similar modern JavaScript libraries utilized for rendering both client-side and server-side.
Familiarity with the latest JavaScript has to offer.
Experience in developing production Node.js applications (high volume preferred).
Experience with GraphQL and related libraries (for example Apollo) preferred.
Strong CSS3 and component skills building.
Understanding of JavaScript application design and testing using frameworks.
Knowledge with cross-browser, cross-platform, and design constraints on the Web.
Experience with automation frameworks and testing tools preferred.
A constant desire to grow, learn and explore new things.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

Chicago, Illinois, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
