Senior Data Analytics Engineer
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.
Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
As part of Uline's data analytics engineering team, work closely with business customers in the development of our new enterprise analytics platform.
Leverage industry-leading integration and analytics tools to build a modern data warehouse that is accurate, reliable, high performing and easily accessible to our business departments.
Be responsible for the full life cycle of development, from requirements gathering through ETL coding and report/dashboard design and creation.
Work with business users to establish reporting and analytic requirements.
Translate business requirements into ETL and report specifications.
Provide technical and business knowledge support to the team.
Compile ad-hoc data and report requests.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in IT or related major.
5+ years related experience.
Excellent knowledge of data design, SQL and data warehousing.
Knowledge of IBM Cognos BI a plus.
Strong knowledge of Microsoft BI technology (SSRS, SSIS, SSAS).
Available for travel to Uline's domestic and international branches.
Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.
Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.
About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

Unfortunately, Uline is unable to offer US work sponsorship at this time.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-TE1
#CORP
