Sr. Data Engineer
Chicago, IL
Six month contract to hire (must be GC or USC)

SSIS
SSRS
Power Shell]
MS Sql, T-Sql
No Oracle
Be the go to person
Get up to speed quickly

As a Senior Data Engineer you will contribute to database management of large scale web-based applications through the use of SQL, C#, and .NET tools. These technologies enable our client's business while supporting architectural vision of quality, scalability, performance and function. Our proprietary software is created with the goal to simplify transportation for our customers and carriers, and is one of our largest competitive advantages in an ever growing market.

Responsibilities:
Data Engineer's work in conjunction with Software Engineers, DBA's, Business Analysts, Quality Assurance and business owners
Serve as a member of a data team that solves complex challenges and builds working database solutions using SQL Server, T-SQL, SSIS, stored procedures, views, user-defined functions, and table functions
Develop solutions and contributing to development, leveraging Object-Oriented programming techniques (.Net), Software Development Lifecycles, Unit Test Techniques, and Debugging/Analytical Techniques.
Collaborate with the team to develop database structures that fit into the overall architecture of the systems under development.
Code, install, optimize, and debug database queries and stored procedures using appropriate tools and editors.
Perform code reviews and provide feedback in a timely manner.
Promote collective code ownership for everyone to have visibility into the feature codebase.
Present technical ideas and concepts in business-friendly language.
Provide recommendations, analysis, and evaluation of systems improvements, optimization, development, and maintenance efforts, including capacity planning.
Identify and correct performance bottlenecks related to SQL code.
Support timely production releases and adherence to release activities.
Contribute to data retention strategy.

Position Requirements
1-3 years in commercial-grade business applications environment leveraging the following:
SQL Server, T-SQL, SSIS, stored procedures, user-defined functions and table functions
Managing design risk
1-3 years leveraging OO programming techniques
Software development lifecycles, Unit test techniques, debugging/analytical techniques

What's in it for you?
Help career growth by joining industry leader and continuing to advance our client's web based technologies
Working with an organization with defined market goals, products, customers, revenue, and development teams
Experienced mentors to learn and adopt new practices
Ability to introduce your own views and takes on our product offerings
Work in wide variety of data management
Ability to constantly enhance and improve applications
Have a clearly defined career growth track with enough flexibility to pave your own way
