We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it.  The US Department of Justice, 198 of top 200 US law firms, and more than 70 Fortune 100 companies are among the customers who trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. We don’t believe in ‘ideal’ candidates, so if you see a job that sparks your interest, go for it. Wherever you’re from, however you identify, and whatever experience you have, you can belong at Relativity.

The Senior Software/DevOps Engineer will join Relativity's engineering operations department and be responsible for engineering a large distributed enterprise solution. They will work with Advanced, and Lead members of the engineering team as well as business stakeholders to support the development of products, features and services that drive and evolve our SaaS offering.
Responsibilities:
Implementing tools and technologies to provision and configure an enterprise software system in public utility clouds with a focus on increasing efficiency and elasticity of deployed compute without sacrificing quality
Ability to contribute throughout all phases of a service lifecycle from conception through design, development, deployment and ultimately operation
A commitment to monitoring and observability
Identify, document, automate, and engineer processes for repeated tasks.
Oversee the application environment to effectively run and maintain the technology and determine the advisement of potential technology or process improvements.
Strategize, plan, prioritize, schedule and partner in the execution of infrastructure provisioning and configuration while focusing on maintaining or improving security, data integrity, programming logic integrity, and administration.
Manage the packaging and deployment of our infrastructure product and our deployment/upgrade processes.
Seek and recommend improvements to current processes and technologies used
Participate in code reviews for projects written by your team
Participate in design reviews for new and existing services and platforms
Influence the use of industry leading development platforms and process
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelors in Computer Science, Engineering, or similar technical degree, or work equivalent experience
Experience with software engineering best practices: unit testing, code reviews, design documentation, excellent debugging, troubleshooting skills
5+ years of software development of commercial-grade systems and applications
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with infrastructure and distributed systems in a cloud environment
Experience with configuration management and CI platforms (Chef and Jenkins Preferred)
Experience with Docker, and Kubernetes or Swarm preferred
Code using PowerShell, Ruby or Python
Experience with source control management tools (Git preferred)
Experience in Windows Server administration
Excellent communication & enthusiasm
Experience working on an Agile development team
Experience reviewing code
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
