Company Description


We’ve all had a recruiting experience that stands out, either because it was magical or ‘oh so horrible.’

The technology that recruiting teams use to find, connect with, and advance talent often shapes a candidate’s experience. Yello’s software enables employers to recruit effectively and efficiently. If it excites you to be a part of a team that helps some of the world’s largest brands connect with their talent, then come grow your career with Yello.

Founded in 2008, Yello is a venture-backed talent acquisition software company that empowers Fortune 500 and fast-growing enterprise companies to find the best talent for their organizations. Our solutions help recruiters love their work — and helps people early in their careers find their dream job.
~We believe in bringing our authentic selves to work.

~We are hungry to learn and are forever curious.

~We do what’s right for our customers, leading with our expertise.

~We are proactive.

~And last but not least, we strive to start with empathy in all of our interactions.

Due to Covid-19 we have made adjustments to our interviewing and hiring process for 2020. Any positions posted on our careers pages are roles we plan to hire for this year. However, it may take us a little longer to be in touch regarding your candidacy and the status of the opening. Please bear with us during this difficult time.

About The Role
You'll have the opportunity to work with a team of highly skilled developers to build enterprise SaaS applications using Ruby on Rails and other modern web technologies. You'll help your team focus on continuous improvement, code quality, good security, and software craftsmanship. You'll also share your passion for web development with junior engineers by coaching and mentoring them in their technical development. As the lines between development and operations become more blurred you’ll collaborate closely with our Infrastructure and Security teams to build code that is resilient, secure, maintainable, and performant.

How You'll Make An Impact
You will play a pivotal role on a small agile team of talented engineers focused on building cloud-based, cutting-edge solutions for our client-partners.

What We're Looking For
Minimum: 5 years of professional development experience using Ruby, Java, or other OO language.
Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related degree (or equivalent experience).
Relational database design as well as proficiency in SQL (preferably PostgreSQL).
Your drive for action and experience solving problems in a fast paced environment.
Experience working through and on performance issues, tuning, scaling and security when working on the web.
RSpec or relevant testing framework.
Object Oriented JavaScript and/or React.
Use Agile methodologies to maximize developer productivity.
Full Stack Development (RESTful API development would be considered a big plus).
Experience using non-relational data stores (Redis, Memcached, Elasticsearch, etc).
A desire to share knowledge and help others on your team grow.
Ability to troubleshoot Linux OS related issues using common command line tools.
Deep understanding of cloud infrastructure (AWS, Google Cloud, etc).
Experience designing and deploying SOA or microservices architectures.
Experience leading technical initiatives.
Additional Information
Yello is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Candidates local to Chicago are preferred.
You must be authorized to work in the United States.
Must be able to sit or stand for continuous periods of time.
This role frequently communicates/interacts with individuals, must have strong written and oral communication skills.
Yello reserves the right to assign or reassign the responsibilities and requirements to this job at any time.
