Analytics
Senior Big Data Engineer - QuantumBlack

Chicago

Apply Now

Qualifications

Degree educated in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or equivalent experience
Previous commercial experience in a data-driven role
Ability to write clean, maintainable, and robust code in Python, Scala, Java or similar languages
Knowledge of software engineering concepts and best practices
Familiarity with the latest OSS, cloud, container, query and database technologies as well as query languages
Confirmed experience building data pipelines in production and ability to work across structured, semi-structured and unstructured data
Experience preparing data for analytics and following a data science workflow
Commercial client-facing or senior stakeholders management experience

Who You'll Work With


You will be part of a global Data Engineering community and you will work in cross-functional and Agile project teams alongside Project Managers, Data Scientists, Machine Learning Engineers, other Data Engineers, and industry experts.

You will work hands in hands with our clients, from data owners and users to C-level executives.

Who you are

You are a highly collaborative individual and enjoy solving problems that focus on adding business value. You have a sense of ownership and enjoy hands-on technical work. Our values resonate with yours.

What You'll Do


As a Senior Data Engineer in Chicago, you will...
Partner with our clients, from data owners and users to C-level executives, to understand their needs and build impactful analytics solutions
Design and build data pipelines to support data science projects following software engineering best practices
Use state of the art technologies to acquire, ingest and transform big datasets
Map data fields to hypothesis, curate, wrangle and prepare data to be used in advanced analytics models
Create and manage data environments in the cloud or on premise
Ensure information security standards are maintained at all time
Contribute to cross-functional problem-solving sessions with your team and deliver presentations to colleagues and clients
Be flexible to travel to our clients' offices to deliver presentations, gather information or share knowledge
Have the opportunity to contribute to R&D and internal asset development projects
Our tech stack

While we advocate for using the right tech for the right task, we often leverage the following technologies: Python, PySpark, SQL, Airflow, Databricks, our own OSS called Kedro, container technologies such as Docker and Kubernetes, cloud solutions such as AWS, GCP or Azure, and more!

What you'll benefit from
Real-World Impact– No project is ever the same. We work with top-tier clients across multiple sectors, providing unique learning and development opportunities internationally.
Fusing Tech & Leadership– We work with the latest technologies and methodologies and offer first class learning programmes at all levels.
Multidisciplinary Teamwork- Our teams include data scientists, engineers, project managers, UX and visual designers who work collaboratively to enhance performance.
Innovative Work Culture– Creativity, insight and passion come from being balanced. We cultivate a modern work environment through an emphasis on wellness, insightful talks and training sessions.
Striving for Diversity– With colleagues from over 40 nationalities, we recognise the benefits of working with people from all walks of life.
Visit our Careers site to watch our video and read about our interview processes and benefits.

Industries
High Tech

Functions
Technology

Apply Now
FOR U.S. APPLICANTS: McKinsey & Company is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender
identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran
status, age, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

FOR NON-U.S. APPLICANTS: McKinsey & Company is an Equal Opportunity employer. For additional details
regarding our global EEO policy and diversity initiatives, please visit our
McKinsey Careers and
Diversity & Inclusion sites.
