Cloud Data Engineer

We are looking for a savvy Cloud Data Engineer to join our growing team of analytics experts. You are responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. If you have experience as a data pipeline builder and data wrangler and enjoy optimizing data systems and building them from the ground up, this is a great role for you. The Cloud Data Engineer works alongside of our software developers, database architects, data analysts and data scientists on data initiatives ensuring optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout. You are self-directed and comfortable supporting the data needs of multiple teams, systems and products.

Responsibilities for Cloud Data Engineer
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture with AWS
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements.
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc.
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and AWS big data technologies.
Build analytics tools that utilize the data pipeline to provide actionable insights into customer acquisition, operational efficiency and other key business performance metrics.
Keep our data separated and secure across national boundaries through multiple data centers and AWS regions.
Create data tools for analytics and data scientist team members that assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.
Work with data and analytics experts to strive for greater functionality in our data systems.
Qualifications for Cloud Data Engineer
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
Experience building and optimizing big data data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable big data data stores.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.
We are looking for a candidate with 2+ years of experience in a Cloud Data Engineer role, who has attained an accredited degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have experience using the following software/tools:
Experience with big data tools: Kinesis, Glue, S3, etc.
Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management tools: AWS Glue, Snaplogic
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law.

Internal ID: 103198
