The Senior Data Engineer will work within the data and the analytics team and partner with multiple businesses and various engineering teams (Platform, Security) to build high quality data pipelines. This individual will be responsible to integrate data from a variety of data sources utilizing cloud-based data structures (AWS) and determine/enhance existing data sources between internal and external stakeholders.
The things that you will tackle:
Solve complex data problems to deliver insights to help our businesses achieve their goals
Advise, consult and coach other data and analytic professionals on data standards and practices
Develop, implement and optimize streaming, data lake and analytics big data solutions
Create and execute testing including unit, integration and end-to-end tests of data pipelines
Foster a culture of sharing, re-use, design for scale stability and operational efficiency of data and analytical solutions
Adapt and learn new technologies in a quickly changing field
Create data products for analytics and engineering team members to improve their productivity
Recommend and implement best tools to ensure optimized data performance
Design, develop, optimize and maintain data architecture and pipelines that adhere to HIMSS principles and business goals
Lead evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools & process for analytic data engineering to improve our productivity as a team

Bachelor’s degree in computer science or related field.
Minimum of five (5) years of application development and implementation experience.
Experience with SQL, Big Data, ETL programming and development within

Our talent anywhere philosophy allows employees the flexibility to work virtually on an as-needed or permanent basis.
Competitive, comprehensive healthcare coverage.
Generous paid time off, including time off to volunteer!
401K with employer match and profit sharing.
Be Well! Lifestyle reimbursement program.
Tuition reimbursement and professional development programs.
Are you a Changemaker?
We’ll do amazing things for healthcare.
HIMSS is an Equal Opportunity Employer: M/F/Vets/Disabled
