We are currently seeking a talented QA Automation Engineer to join our team.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Create and execute test scripts, cases, and scenarios that will determine optimal system performance according to specifications.
Lead QA resources in the testing efforts
Automates test plans and test cases based on the business requirements, user stories and technical specifications.
Develop and maintain manual test suites and test cases.
Executes automated test cases according to documented test plans.
Documents defects and application enhancements in the defect tracking system (i.e. Jira).
Assists in reproducing, investigating and debugging software issues in coordination with the Development team. Works with software developers and database administrators to troubleshoot test failures in the various test/customer environments.
Assists with website application testing for different browsers and versions for compatibility (Microsoft IE, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, etc.) as needed.
Drive improvements in unit testing coverage, develop test suites, expand our automated testing harness, and automate end to end tests
Conduct all types of application testing as needed, such as system, unit, regression, load, and acceptance testing methods.
Collaborate with Business analyst, developers, and system owners in the testing of new and legacy software programs and applications.
Ensure that any new software integration into company systems meets functional requirements, system compliance, and interface specifications.
Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and develop testing strategies for improving or leveraging these systems.
Produce reports and documentation for all testing efforts, results, activities, data, logging, and tracking.
Communicate test progress, test results, and other relevant information to project stakeholders and management.
Take an active role in cross-departmental projects when needed.
Cultivate and disseminate knowledge of application-testing best practices.
Job Requirements:
Four-year college diploma or university degree in software engineering or computer science, and/or 3 years equivalent work experience
Strong knowledge of system testing and software quality assurance best practices and methodologies
Experience with SQL Server a plus
Experience with Selenium
Experience coding in Java, JavaScript, C++, Ruby or Shell Scripting
1+ years' experience in a lead QA role
Familiar with Agile methodology (Scrum, Kanban)
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Excellent listening and interpersonal skills
Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language
Highly self-motivated and directed
Keen attention to detail
Proven analytical, creative problem-solving and debugging abilities
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment
Experience in auto insurance companies a plus
Benefits to Full Time Employees:
Generous paid time off package
Medical & Dental Plans
401(k) Retirement Plan with employer match
Company paid STD/LTD
Company paid life insurance


About American Access Casualty Company:

American Access Casualty Company (AACC) is a fast-growing, highly successful private passenger automobile insurance company located in the western suburbs of Chicago. We're 'driven to do the right thing at every turn'. We're proud of the values that we hold dear. We believe these values are what separates us from the competition, and what allows us to best serve all of our customers and business partners.

WeSTRIVEevery day to live these values.

Service
Going the extra mile for our teams and customers no matter the obstacles

Teamwork
Bringing out the best in each other and knowing how our role impacts others

Respect
Walking in each other's shoes to appreciate their perspective

Integrity
Delivering on our promises without shortcuts

Vision
Seeing a better future through innovation

Excellence
Knowing that good enough is not enough

Information Technology

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
