The Financial technology space "Fintech" is booming and Guaranteed Rate is at the center of it. We are growing like crazy, and are one of the most successful Chicago startups. We are focused on automating the mortgage process for consumers. Imagine getting a mortgage with no email, no faxing, no stack of papers in 10 days or less instead of 40 or more! If you have been through the process of buying a home you know how amazing this will be. We are the #5 lender in the country and one of only 2 that is independent (not a bank) so we are in a good spot to win this race. We have already made tremendous strides and we are looking for someone who wants to help us finish the job and disrupt the entire industry.

Who is GR?

Guaranteed Rate is not your typical company and certainly not your typical mortgage company. We are technology driven, have tons of energy and we love what we do – great people and great products alongside our impeccable customer service (83 NPS, unheard of!). We’re in a River North office with exposed brick and duct work, windows we can actually open during the summer. The awesomeness doesn’t end there, we also have:
Holiday parties? We got’em! Not just major holidays, any holiday….Mardi Gras, Valentine’s Day, St. Paddy’s Day, Opening Day, Boxing Day (for our Canadian employee), Sweetest Day, Groundhog Day, etc..
Game room, library and white board paint for collaboration – yeah, it’s awesome.
Access to our free GR nurse practitioner. Psshh who needs a doctor’s appointment when our nurse can do it all? Did we mention the free part?
401k with some matching, Blue Cross health care coverage – yup, dental and vision too, short-term disability, life insurance – we got ya covered on this one, legal assistance – for a small monthly fee.
Oh and did we mention you get a big fat employee discount on the origination fees to get a new mortgage or refinance thru Guaranteed Rate?
So what do we want from you?

We’re searching for highly collaborative and innovative analysts to build and scale our big data and ML platform. If you are passionate about using data to solve problems and build game changing products, we’d love to work with you.

Working within a dynamic and fast paced team environment, the Senior Engineer is responsible for the design of mission-critical, highly visible big data and machine learning applications in direct support of business objectives. Furthermore, this person is responsible for working with other engineers to develop the technical design by fully understanding the technical details, integration, and functions of multiple applications across their development team. The ideal candidate should have good mentoring and cross-functional skills.

Tasks
Work with partners to build a complete understanding of existing and new data attributes
Profile and analyze data to identify opportunities to improve and put to use our data assets
Work closely with technical and non-technical teams to identify ways to leverage data assets to run and grow our business
Work within and across teams to translate high-level analytics requirements into executable development projects including project stories, acceptance criteria and test cases
Team up with other analysts to quickly respond to query requests from internal and external stakeholders
Own quality control of inbound and outbound data assets
Work with internal teams to identify and resolve risks to data quality and integrity
Become an expert in our data infrastructure and serve as an internal resource as other teams integrate with our solutions
Map values from various datasets in an overarching effort to merge disjoint data
Champion values of ownership, innovation and continuous improvement with all stakeholders
Requirements
5+ years experience producing data models used by medium to large-scale OLTP or analytic applications
5+ years experience using SQL to aggregate and extract data across multi-table relational database schemas
5+ years experience programming in Python or similar language
Practical experience translating data into practical insights and recommendations
Prior experience with visualizing data (eg, Tableau, PowerBI or similar)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Heightened attention to detail
Experience working with complex datasets
Bonus Points If You
Experience working with financial data
Experience working in AWS, especially with Redshift, Athena, and AWS Glue
Experience working with an ETL tool such as Informatica or MS SSIS
Experience presenting results of analysis of various levels of data/technical competence
Experience with presenting and advocating for a technical solutions roadmap
Experience with analytic libraries in Python (eg, Numpy, Pandas)
Experience with or practical exposure to machine learning development processes
About Guaranteed Rate…

Guaranteed Rate is the seventh largest retail mortgage lender in the United States. Headquartered in Chicago, the company has approximately 195 offices across the U.S. and is licensed in all 50 states. Since its founding in 2000, Guaranteed Rate has helped hundreds of thousands of homeowners with home purchase loans and refinances and funded nearly $23 billion in loans in 2018 alone. The company has become the Home Purchase Experts® by introducing the world's first Digital Mortgage technology and offering low rate, low fee mortgages through an easy-to-understand process and unparalleled customer service. Guaranteed Rate won an American Business Award for its Digital Mortgage technology in 2016, ranked No. 1 in Scotsman Guide's Top Mortgage Lenders 2015, was chosen Top Lender 2016 by Chicago Agent magazine and made the Chicago Tribune’s Top Workplaces list five of the past six years. Visit rate.com for more information.

Click here to apply online
