We are Relativity. A market-leading, global tech company that equips legal professionals with a powerful platform to organize data, discover the truth, and act on it.  The US Department of Justice, 198 of top 200 US law firms, and more than 70 Fortune 100 companies are among the customers who trust Relativity during litigation, internal investigations, and compliance projects.
Our SaaS product, RelativityOne, has become the fastest-growing product in the company's history and we have consistently been named a great workplace. As we grow, we continue to seek individuals that will bring their whole, authentic self to our team.
Join us in the transformation of the legal industry and play a pivotal role in shaping the future of the practice of law and beyond. We don’t believe in ‘ideal’ candidates, so if you see a job that sparks your interest, go for it. Wherever you’re from, however you identify, and whatever experience you have, you can belong at Relativity.

As an Advanced Software Engineer at Relativity you will leverage your software development skills to design and build systems within our cloud-based SaaS platform, Relativity.

This is your opportunity to work on a scalable and dynamic web system which supports integration with multiple search engines, clustering technologies, and client component interaction through web services. This is all utilizing many of the newer, and strongest technologies.
You will build highly distributable systems composed of multiple databases, processing, and web servers within the massive data field
Responsibilities
Building our core product offering, Relativity.
Object-oriented analysis (OOA), object-oriented design (OOD), and object-oriented programming (OOP) applying SOLID principles and design patterns in a variety of languages
Actively participating in our SCRUM process.
Improving application system performance.
Troubleshooting issues by fixing defects and responding to client specific problems.
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math or other related subject Or Related Experience
3+ years of professional software development experience on commercial-grade systems and applications
Experience in .NET software development using C# and Microsoft SQL Server, or similar programming languages

#LI-SN1
At Relativity, we live our core values and we thrive on solving complex problems. We’re dedicated to continually improving our product and providing relentless customer service, and we’re always looking for people to join us on the journey.
Relativity is a team of smart, passionate people always looking to grow, contribute, and make our product and customer service the best it can be. Our team members come from diverse backgrounds with different skills and life experiences—and we love and celebrate those differences. We believe that employees are happiest when they’re empowered to be their full, authentic selves, regardless how you identify.
So, please come as you are. We can’t wait to meet you.
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
