Integral Ad Science (IAS) is a global technology and data company that builds verification, optimization, and analytics solutions for the advertising industry and we're looking for a Senior Manager, Data Engineering to join our Data Engineering team. If you are excited by technology that has the power to handle hundreds of thousands of transactions per second; collect tens of billions of events each day; and evaluate thousands of data-points in real-time all while responding in just a few milliseconds, then IAS is the place for you!

As a Senior Manager, Data Engineering you will drive the transformation of the core data pipelines feeding IAS' core ad verification, analytics and anti ad fraud software products.
The ideal candidate is naturally curious, dedicated, detail-oriented with a strong desire to work with awesome people in a highly collaborative environment. You should be able to not take yourself too seriously as well.

What you'll do:
Plan and deliver data engineering projects
Collaborate with various IAS teams throughout the full software development lifecycle including CI/CD, Product, Architecture
Manage performance of the team including recurring 1:1s, performance reviews, goal setting and professional development
Identify roadblocks and remove them proactively
Implement effective metrics and monitoring processes
Driving a culture of continuous improvement
Stay informed about new technologies and trends in data engineering
You should apply if you have most of this:
B.S. or B.A. in computer science or a related field
Proficiency in at least one object oriented language (Java, Python or Scala preferred)
Proficiency in SQL and comfortable working with large datasets to identify insights
Experience with open source big data technologies (HDFS, Hive, Presto, Pig, MapReduce)
Experience designing, developing and deploying data pipelines
Strong problem solving skills
Experience managing and mentoring a small team of data engineers
Strong communication skills
What puts you over the top (one of the following):
Expertise in Apache Spark
Expertise implementing streaming data pipelines using open source technologies
Experience with AWS ecosystem
About Integral Ad Science

Integral Ad Science (IAS) is the global market leader in digital ad verification, offering technologies that drive high-quality advertising media. IAS equips advertisers and publishers with both the insight and technology to protect their advertising investments from fraud and unsafe environments as well as to capture consumer attention, and drive business outcomes. Founded in 2009, IAS is headquartered in New York with global operations in 18 offices across 13 countries. IAS is part of the Vista Equity Partners portfolio of software companies. For more on how IAS is powering great impressions for top publishers and advertisers around the world, visit integralads.com.

Equal Opportunity Employer:

IAS is an equal opportunity employer, committed to our diversity and inclusiveness. We will consider all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, nationality, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, religion, disability or age. We strongly encourage women, people of color, members of the LGBTQIA community, people with disabilities and veterans to apply.

California Applicant Pre-Collection Notice:

We collect personal information (PI) from you in connection with your application for employment or engagement with IAS, including the following categories of PI: identifiers, personal records, commercial information, professional or employment or engagement information, non-public education records, and inferences drawn from your PI. We collect your PI for our purposes, including performing services and operations related to your potential employment or engagement. For additional details or if you have questions, contact us at compliance@integralads.com.

To learn more about us, please visit http://integralads.com/ and https://muse.cm/2t8eGlN

Attention agency/3rd party recruiters: IAS does not accept any unsolicited resumes or candidate profiles. If you are interested in becoming an IAS recruiting partner, please send an email introducing your company to recruitingagencies@integralads.com. We will get back to you if there's interest in a partnership.
