Venterra Realty is a rapidly growing owner/operator of multi-family apartments with 60 apartment communities across 16 major US cities. We’re honored that over 29,000 people and more than 5,000 pets call Venterra “home”! We have completed over $5.6 billion in transactions and manage a current portfolio of approximately $3 billion. Our current annual revenues are approximately $300M which we achieve on the commitment and dedication of over 600 team members.

Founded in 2001, we haven't just expanded our size; we've grown into a company that is paving a new way in the industry, where our employees can truly make a difference, career growth is available, and where our residents are provided an amazing living experience.

COVID-19 has created some big changes in all of our daily lives, and we’ve made a number of significant changes to our operations, but at the end of the day, we’re still in the people business, and people will always deserve an amazing place to call home. So, while the way we’re doing business has changed, we’re still hiring across the Venterra portfolio!

We’re honored to have received the following workplace recognitions:
2017 & 2016 Glassdoor Best Place to Work
2019, 2018, 2017, & 2016 Fortune Top 100 Best Medium Workplaces
2018 Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity
2020, 2019 & 2018 Fortune Best Workplaces in Texas
2018 Houston Top Workplaces
2018 Glassdoor Top CEOs
50 Most Engaged Workplacesby the Achievers Corporation
"Top Rated"recognition for 98% of our communities by com
We are looking for people who:
Have strong personal values and want to work for a values-based company
Are ambitious and hard working with exceptionally high personal standards
Embrace problem-solving and learning new skills
Thrive in a rapidly changing and high growth environment
Are passionate about driving continuous improvements and the use of technology with data to drive business results
THE ROLE

The Implementations Engineer is first and foremost an executor – a person who takes pride in turning a vision into reality. It is their responsibility to ensure a solution is not implemented until the solution will meet the expectation of the target audience and/or business owner and to quickly synthesize the feedback and expectations of the end user and/or business owner after a pilot or soft launch. The ideal candidate will lead the oversight and implementation of various proprietary and non-proprietary software solutions.

The Implementations Engineer is a critical success role for Venterra. The candidate must blend strategic and business analysis, business intuition, creative thinking, agile development, product and project leadership to excel the implementations process for Venterra while being responsible for:
Continuously articulating clear benefits to the individual user as well as business units.
Driving participation with financial incentives, recognition, or motivation for early adopters.
Effectively managing acceptance criteria between end-users, the Technology group, supporting business units, and 3rd Parties (if applicable).
Continuously communicating KPI performance, product status, successes, or failures to all stakeholders using regular meetings, and/or reports until adoption levels have been met.
Reviewing product feedback to identify opportunities (e.g. product enhancements or features) and communicating it and chokepoints in the form of problem statements for Technology Group.
Troubleshooting field related issues on the spot using SQL
THE DETAILS

This person will be expected to evangelize product implementations by establishing implementation plans that include the following:
Defined KPIs that support the goals and a list of any gaps in trackable metrics and/or analytics.
Proactive communications with relevant stakeholders from strategy through execution.
Internal positioning documents that will be used to develop messaging focused on each key employee or end user.
Defined value for each business area where applicable.
Support requirements for peripheral business owners (e.g. Sales, Marketing, Training, Maintenance, Property Management, etc.) as needed.
Identified stakeholders (in business area) who will be responsible for advocacy and ongoing support.
Sundown plans (if necessary) for the current solution.
THE QUALIFICATIONS
Candidate must have a bachelor’s degree.
Database experience, intermediate SQL skills.
Experience with professional grade project management software, preferably JIRA.
Fluency in Microsoft Excel
Ability to complete statistical analysis, with potentially complex data sets, to produce meaningful reporting.
Experience and background working with Pragmatic Marketing
Basic understanding of network operations (TCP/IP) and topology to confirm the environment is ready for solution deployment and to test basic network operations when troubleshooting the solution.
Knowledge of integration and API standards and technologies such as XML, XSLT, SOAP, WSDL, etc.
Familiarity with agile software development.
Candidate must have a track record of strong communication skills - The person must develop and maintain strong relationships by mutual earned respect and ability to persuade with facts, logic, enthusiasm, and a proven track record.
This person will be expected to have the ability to influence those that do not report to them.
Product implementation experience, preferably with products that required extensive rollouts.
Has worked with business users to define requirements and design new features.
Measure the effectiveness of a product launch and tune product programs to ensure alignment with corporate goals and establish a base line for adoption success.
Ideally, this person is able to demonstrate success, extensive knowledge and value to the organization very early in their tenure which will be rewarded with more responsibility and career growth including moving into a full Product Manager role.

THE BENEFITS
Competitive Base Salary and performance bonus
A robust package of Health (Medical (PPO), Dental, Vision), 401k matching, paid vacation benefits and employer-paid Short Term Disability, among other things
Educational Assistance / Reimbursement to support your drive to learn
Opportunity to grow within the acquisitions/growth teams, operations, and corporate office
Better Living program where you are incentivized to reach personal goals or participate in company-wide challenges
Quarterly Lifelong Learning Challenges to support your professional growth in ways that are meaningful to you
8 paid hours per year of Volunteer Time Off to serve the organization(s) of your choice
Free enrollment into the Dave Ramsey SmartDollar financial wellness program, including the EveryDollar budgeting app
Access to thousands of employee discounts with BenefitHub
Know someone who would be perfect for a role with us? Refer them to us for their job search and you could be $250 richer!
