The Position


Statistical Scientist-Personalized Healthcare, USMA

Job Description Summary

Biostatistics and Data Sciences (BDS) is a cross-functional group in the Evidence Generation Medical Unit in US Medical Affairs (USMA), comprising Biostatisticians, Data Scientists, and Data Managers. We are strategic partners in generating integrated evidence through data & analytics by driving data and analytical strategy; execution by ensuring efficient and rigorous execution; and by integrating reliable, rigorous, relevant (R3) evidence to improve patient care.

As a Biostatistician with Personalized Health Care (PHC) focus in BDS, you will be responsible for supporting PHC projects, initiatives, and related activities in Oncology or non-Oncology therapeutic areas, depending on interest and experience. As such, you will be a standing member and key partner of multi-disciplinary teams, to provide statistical, strategic, and analytical leadership. You are expected to combine expertise in data science with business knowledge to identify, define, and solve the right problems and to provide strategic input to maximize business impact. Teamwork and effective communication are essential in this position. Experience in advanced analytic areas such as machine learning including deep learning, bioinformatics, genomic and image analysis are highly valued.

Job Description

As a Biostatistician with Personalized Health Care (PHC) focus in BDS, you will be responsible for supporting PHC projects, initiatives, and related activities in Oncology or non-Oncology therapeutic areas. PHC projects. As such, you will be a standing member and key partner of multi-disciplinary teams, to provide statistical, strategic, and analytical leadership. You are expected to combine expertise in data science with business knowledge to identify, define, and solve the right problems and to provide strategic input to maximize business impact. Teamwork and effective communication are essential in this position. Experience in advanced analytic areas such as machine learning including deep learning, bioinformatics, genomic and image analysis are highly valued.

The PHC statistical scientist will support both molecule and non-molecule specific projects. For molecule specific projects, you will partner with the Biostatistics Program Directors, Medical Partners, Network of Scientists, and other cross-functional partners on medical, scientific, and patient-care applications. You may also work closely with PHC counterparts in Pharmaceutical Development and potentially Pharmaceutical Research and Early Development to align and collaborate on projects across varying drug development phases. For non-molecule specific projects, you are expected to have expertise and scientific curiosity in a variety of data types, including, but not limited to, genomics, imaging, and digital health data or related fields to support Medical Affairs and PHC activities; and to collaborate with research and biomarker scientists, computational biologists and computer scientists.

You will be expected to perform your responsibilities with increased expertise and independence. Where assigned, you will also act as Medical Affairs representatives in related review and decision-making forums or committees, including, where applicable, representing Biostatistics input and data in internal or external meetings, presentations and communications.

All Roche employees are expected to effectively contribute to cross-functional collaboration and coordination and comply with all laws, regulations, policies & procedures that govern our business.

Key Accountabilities
Contributes to the strategic, statistical and analytical direction, insights, recommendations and overall input into development and execution of PHC strategies, initiatives, and projects
Develops, implements and oversees timely, thorough, consistent, and quality execution of analytical plans that support PHC strategies, initiatives, and projects; assures statistical integrity, adequacy and accuracy
Represents BDS in the US PHC Center of Excellence and provides appropriate strategic and statistical input on PHC-related activities
Identifies, recommends and undertakes activities that advance healthcare delivery and PHC to improve patient-care and outcomes
Generates evidence using diverse data sources and appropriate analyses techniques
Consults and provides statistical training to key stakeholders
Participates in the ongoing development, refinement and enhancements of departmental methodologies and techniques for biostatistics research, analysis and reporting
As needed, represents U.S. Medical Affairs Biostatistics to global Roche partners and works collaboratively to coordinate and align on analytical plans
Stays informed and abreast of the external landscape as it relates to new developments in advanced analytics, assigned molecules, products, programs and the associated therapeutic area(s)
Job Qualifications

Candidates for this position should hold the following qualifications, have the following experience, and be able to demonstrate the following knowledge, skills and abilities to be considered as a suitable applicant. Please note that except where specified as preferred, or as a plus, all points listed below are considered minimum requirements. Job level will be matched according to candidates experiences.
Ph.D. or M.Sc. with 2+ years relevant industry experience, in Statistics, Biostatistics, or related fields
Sound knowledge of theoretical and applied statistics including methods in advanced analytics such as machine learning
Proven experience in the principles and techniques of data analysis, interpretation and clinical relevance
Relevant therapeutic experience is a plus
Good understanding of regulatory guidelines in drug development, GCP (Good Clinical Practice) and ICH (International Conference on Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Registration of Pharmaceuticals for Human Use) guidelines
Sound understanding and appropriate application of business requirements and processes
Working experience with all data types including high dimensional data
Skills/Abilities
Proven abilities to perform statistical scientist responsibilities with increasing expertise and independence
Has demonstrated, through past experience, abilities to competently manage the majority of biostatistics deliverables associated with assigned pre­launch, launch and/or post-­marketing medical strategies, plans and tactics
Analytical and problem­ solving capabilities and skills
Evident Drive for Results (demonstrates interest and ability to learn new things, takes initiative, welcomes problems as challenges; finds solutions to technical problems)
In-­depth knowledge of the multi­disciplinary functions involved in a drug development process, and can proactively integrate multiple perspectives into the post-­marketing process for best end results
Excellent project management skills
Strong interpersonal, verbal and writing communication, and influencing skills
Proven track record of working highly effectively, efficiently and collaboratively with others
Proven experience and skills working with multi­disciplinary teams
High level of proficiency in computer skills and statistical programming languages, such as, SAS, R, RShiny, Python, etc.
Who We Are


A member of the Roche Group, Genentech has been at the forefront of the biotechnology industry for more than 40 years, using human genetic information to develop novel medicines for serious and life-threatening diseases. Genentech has multiple therapies on the market for cancer & other serious illnesses. Please take this opportunity to learn about Genentech where we believe that our employees are our most important asset & are dedicated to remaining a great place to work.

The next step is yours. To apply today, click on the "Apply online" button.

Genentech is an equal opportunity employer & prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin/ancestry, age, disability, marital & veteran status. For more information about equal employment opportunity, visit our Genentech Careers page.

Job Facts
JOB FUNCTION
Biometrics COMPANY/DIVISION
Pharmaceuticals SCHEDULE
Full time JOB TYPE
Regular
