*NEW* Sr. Data Engineer

Well branded and innovative industry leader is seeking a well rounded candidate who will have deep and broad experience in all aspects of data which include cleaning data, reporting and dash boarding, ETL, performance tuning, database architecture and design.

Responsibilities:
Ths individual will work closely and collaborate with data scientists, product management, and web engineers to deliver value and project outcomes.
Convert prototype models and data pipelines built by data scientists for use in production.
Evaluation and debugging of model performance to ensure parity with prototype.
Develop low-latency, real-time predictive models in a microservice environment.
Profiling and performance tuning of production code.
Qualifications:
Experience and interest in Big Data technologies (Hadoop/ Spark/ NoSQL DB).
Experience working on projects within the cloud ideally Azure/AWS.
Strong development background with experience in at least two scripting, object oriented, or functional programming language, etc. SQL Python, Java, Scala, R.
Experience in at least one ETL tool.
Ability to work across structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data, extracting information and identifying linkages across disparate data sets.
MUST be able to clearly articulate strategic, functional and technical concepts to all levels of stakeholders, technical teams and executive management.
Please send your resume to Colin Crane, Sr Technical Recruiter for immediate consideration. Let us help you secure an interview!

ABOUT US

Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is a leading provider of technology and staffing solutions for IT, Security, Engineering, and Interactive Design disciplines servicing startups to enterprise clients, nationally. We pride ourselves in the ability to introduce you to our intimate network of business and technology leaders – bringing you new opportunity coupled with personal growth, and professional development! Join us. Let us catapult your career!

Irvine Technology Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Irvine Technology Corporation complies with applicable state
