EMPLOYER: McDermott, Inc.

POSITION: Project Engineer

LOCATION: Houston, Texas

DUTIES:

Work within the Engineering delivery (installation) team, reporting functionally to Director of the Operations and the Project manager. Provide project mechanical engineering support as part of delivery of the major Engineering packages on projects. Directly involved in all phases of the project life cycle and will have significant involvement with engineering, procurement, manufacture, fabrication, transportation, installation, pre-commissioning and mechanical completion. Ensure active adherence to and promotion of company HSES & quality policies and procedures including but not limited to design and operations review meetings (i.e. Constructability, HIRA (Hazard Identification and Risk Analysis, and Lessons Learned). Provide mechanical engineering support to the assigned packages in terms of calculations, document reviews, technical query management, interface management and general project engineering. Actively work with other technical functions within McDermott (Engineering, Fabrication, Installation) to ensure that cross-function interfaces are managed, as well as assist in the coordination of interfacing activities with subcontractors/vendor, clients and third parties throughout the project life cycle. Attend kick-off meetings, pre-production meetings, and regular (weekly, monthly) progress meetings with subcontractors and clients. Work subcontractors/vendor activities, including: inspections, review of design changes, NCR’s, monitoring progress, and reviewing as-built data. Including ensuring that subcontractor/vendor documentation is issued on schedule and in compliance to specification, scope of work and subcontract terms and conditions. Liaise with McDermott’s quality personnel and inspectors at site for ensuring that manufacturing confirms to the design specifications and standards, also regularly monitoring of progress through site visits, including attendance at FAT and load-out as required. Ensure adequate shipping / packaging / load-out for transportation to final destination. Interface with logistics team for the collection, transport and receipt of all product to final destination, including the report of all delays / technical issues / discrepancies to project and advise/recommend remedial solutions. Facilitate timely problem resolution with the project team members, and organize technical aspects of the mobilization, demobilization, and offshore work.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical, Civil, or Oceanic Engineering and four (4) years of experience as a Project Engineer, including 4 years of experience with planning and offshore execution of deepwater subsea installation projects, interface with supply chain management of subsea hardware components for oil and gas production, deepwater rigid and flexible lay systems as well as interface with engineering analysis for installation of said components.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS: Must have Offshore water survival, BOSIET and OPITO training

TRAVEL REQUIREMENTS: 33& travel - Domestic and International
