Pipeline Integrity Engineer

Reference Code: 65824

Location: United States (US) - Houston, TX
Job Category: Engineering; Risk Management
Employment Type: Employee Full-time
Relocation Eligibility: This position is eligible for our domestic relocation program
Application Deadline: 07/16/2020

We all need energy. It warms our homes, cooks our food, gives us light, and gets us where we need to go. It also improves our quality of life in countless other ways. At TC Energy, our job is to deliver that energy to millions of people who depend on it across North America. And we take our job very seriously.

Guided by our values of safety, integrity, responsibility and collaboration, we develop and operate our facilities safely, reliably and with care for our impact on the environment. With our presence across the continent, our people play an active role in building strong communities.

We’re proud of how our hard work and commitment sets us apart and benefits society, every day. We’re looking for new team members who share our values and are ready to take on exciting challenges.

The opportunity

Our Integrity Threat Management Time-Dependent Threats team is evolving to meet the needs of our growing business and we are looking to expand our team in the United States.

The successful candidate will be supporting the development and implementation of integrity projects and procedures to address threats of external corrosion, internal corrosion, and stress corrosion cracking, as well as contributing to the creation and optimization of the baseline assessment/reassessment plan and other initiatives to address new or growing risks on our assets. This role may also support emergency response, identification and implementation of program improvements, coordination of analysis among multiple teams, and development of new programs and procedures as applicable.

This role reports to the Manager, Integrity Threat Management, Time-Dependent Threats team and will participate on project teams comprised of Field Operations, Reliability Engineers, Business Development, Planning, Project Management, Drafting, Supply Chain, Communications, Information Technology, Gas Controls and/or outside vendors, third-party engineering, and installation contractors.

Preference is for this position to be based in the Houston, TX office, however it may be filled at other company locations depending on the location of the successful candidate.

What you’ll do
Support the creation and implementation of projects and procedures for External Corrosion, Internal Corrosion, and Stress Corrosion Cracking programs
Identify projects and develop programs in response to annual risk algorithm results
Optimize program execution by engaging with other internal teams and identifying opportunities to improve, combine, and integrate multiple programs
Prioritize baseline assessments and reassessments by engaging internal subject matter experts, considering available data sources, and integrating inspection results
Develop and implement programs in response to field findings, audit findings, or changes to policies and procedures
Provide technical support to internal stakeholders as required
Interact with regulatory agencies and provide audit support as required
Assist internal response to pipeline failures and root cause investigations
Support project development, planning, and budget programs
Other tasks as required
Minimum qualifications
Completion of undergraduate degree in Engineering from an accredited program
4 or more years of experience in the design, operation, and construction of high-pressure natural gas or liquid transmission pipelines and or related facilities
Exceptional interpersonal skills to work efficiently in a collaborative team environment
Preferred qualifications
P.E. license
Knowledge of 49 CFR Part 192, 49 CFR Part 195, and related industry standards
Knowledge of NACE SP0502, NACE SP0169, NACE RP0204, and ASME B31.8
Experience utilizing relational database management systems
This position requires candidates to
Have and maintain a valid driver’s license and a safe driving record
Successfully complete a pre-employment medical screening, to include drug and alcohol testing
Travel to other company locations for temporary assignments, meetings, or training which would involve some overnight stays away from home
Driving a motor vehicle is an essential job function of this position. Following a conditional offer of employment, the Company will check the motor vehicle records of any job applicant when driving is an essential job function.

About our business

TC Energy is a leading energy infrastructure company in North America. We have three complementary businesses of natural gas pipelines, liquids (oil) pipelines, and power generation. Our operations span three countries, seven Canadian provinces, and 34 U.S. states.

Our 57,500-mile natural gas pipeline network is positioned in two of the most prolific and lowest cost basins in North America – the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin (WCSB) and the Appalachian Basin. Our systems are well placed to meet the continent’s growing demand for clean-burning natural gas by connecting the supply in these basins to important and growing markets across the continent. We supply more than 25 percent of the clean-burning natural gas consumed daily across North America, heating homes, fueling industries, and generating power. To learn more about our natural gas business, please visit https://www.tcenergy.com/operations/natural-gas/.

Apply now!

Apply to this posting by 07/16/2020 using reference code 65824. You must apply through our jobs system at jobs.tcenergy.com. Only applications submitted through our system will be acknowledged. Applications may be submitted using a mobile device or desktop / laptop computer.

TC Energy is an equal opportunity employer and participates in the E-Verify program supervised by the U.S. government.

Learn more

Visit us at TCEnergy.com and connect with us on our social media channels for our latest news, employee stories, community activities, and other updates.

Thank you for choosing TC Energy in your career search.

* Depending on qualifications, the successful candidate may be offered a position at a more appropriate level and/or ladder.

* Applicants must have legal authorization to work in the country in which the position is based with no restrictions.

* All positions require background screening. Some require criminal and/or credit checks to comply with regulations.
