Software Engineer


Software Engineer


Apply Here
Location: Honolulu, HI (Oahu)/Houston, TX
Open Date: 10/12/2018
THE VALUE YOU DELIVER: Design, develop, and implement innovative software with an emphasis on algorithm development and reusable architectures. Interact with Oceanit's scientists and engineers as well as external customers to define requirements and present results. We are looking for someone who will thrive in Oceanit's transdisciplinary, fast-paced, creative environment. We currently have software work in natural language processing, image processing, cyber security, scientific data analysis, and machine learning. The ideal candidate will be able to learn quickly and move into new areas. Duties include but are not limited to the following:
Collaboration
Work within a horizontal management structure and an agile team environment.
Lead small project-based software teams
Take responsibility for assigned technical software deliverables
Promote advancement and mentorship to fellow team members’ career paths and skill sets.
Generate innovative ideas and solutions for Oceanit projects and strategies for business growth.
Technical
Design, modify, develop, debug, and test software using Java, C++, Python, or other programming languages under Linux, Windows, MacOS, or other operating systems
Develop innovative algorithms to solve novel problems
Use standard tools for configuration management, issue tracking, etc.
Document software APIs and user interfaces
Produce clean, elegant, maintainable and extensible code
Troubleshoot, test, and analyze problems and determine solutions.

THE EXPERTISE WE'RE LOOKING FOR: Required Qualifications:
Masters degree in an appropriate technology field or 2 years additional work experience
3 years of experience developing software
Experience designing and documenting software algorithms and architectures
GPU experience highly desiered.
Excellent problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail
Ability to learn new software technologies quickly
Good interpersonal communication skills
Ability to operate effectively both independently and within a team
Experience with all aspects of the software development process
Must be eligible for DoD clearance requiring background investigation
Desired Background:
GPU experience highly desired.
PhD in an appropriate technology field; Senior Software Engineer may be considered.
Experience in one or more of the following: image processing, natural language processing, cyber security, scientific data analysis, artificial intelligence, machine learning, user interface design, instrument control, agent-based systems
Experience writing innovative and competitive proposals to obtain funding
