Please note that this role requires relocation to Washington D.C.
As a Data Engineer for the CIA, you will focus on the design, implementation, and operation of data management systems to meet the CIA's business needs. This includes designing how the data will be stored, consumed, integrated, and managed by different data entities and digital systems. Data Engineers work together with data consumers to determine, create, and populate optimal data architectures, structures, and systems.

Data Engineers must also plan, design, and optimize for data throughput and query performance issues. This requires constantly updating expertise in areas such as platform, network and storage technologies, bandwidth management, data bus implications, and design.

Additionally, you will play a key role in the selection of backend database technologies (SQL, NoSQL, HPC, etc), their configuration and utilization, and the optimization of the full data pipeline infrastructure to support the actual content, volume, ETL, and periodicity of data to support the intended kinds of queries and analysis to match expected responsiveness.

Offices of the CIA – Directorate of Digital Innovation


The Directorate of Digital Innovation (DDI) is at the forefront of defining the future of digital expertise within the CIA. DDI focuses on developing the workforce with cutting-edge skills, investing in IT infrastructure, and modernizing the way the Agency does business. DDI officers help accelerate the integration of innovative methods and tools to enhance the CIA's cyber and digital capabilities on a global scale and ultimately help safeguard our nation. Learn more about the Directorate of Digital Innovation.

Qualifications
US citizenship required (dual-national US citizens eligible). All positions require relocation to the Washington, DC metro area.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
Mathematics
Computer Science
Engineering
Management Information Systems
GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale
Knowledge of the following:
data manipulation
databases
data structures
data management
best engineering practices
All applicants must successfully complete:


A thorough medical and psychological exam
A polygraph interview
A comprehensive background investigation
To be considered suitable for Agency employment, applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last 12 months. The issue of illegal drug use prior to 12 months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing.

How to Apply
If you are ready to apply, add this position to your job cart. You can add up to four (4) positions. Job cart selections will only be retained during this site visit, so be sure to click "Apply Now" before closing the browser window. After clicking "Apply Now" you will be taken to the application account creation page. The positions will appear in the cart once you have created an account.

DO NOT submit multiple applications; this will only slow the review of your application and delay processing. Please read the Application Instructions carefully before you begin the online application process.
Important application instructions for this position:

The following items must be attached to your on-line application (PDF format preferred):
Resume
Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for one or more positions. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants.
Unofficial transcripts for all degrees

Important Notice: Friends, family, individuals, or organizations may be interested to learn that you are seeking employment with the CIA. Their interest, however, may not be benign or in your best interest. Once you reveal your interest you lose control of that information. We ask all applicants to exercise discretion and good judgment in disclosing your interest in a position with the CIA. You will receive further guidance on this topic as you proceed through your CIA employment processing.
