Join a team recognized for leadership, innovation and diversity


The future is what you make it.

When you join Honeywell, you become a member of our global team of thinkers, innovators, dreamers and doers who make the things that make the future.

That means changing the way we fly, fueling jets in an eco-friendly way, keeping buildings smart and safe and even making it possible to breathe on Mars.

Working at Honeywell isnt just about developing cool things. Thats why all of our employees enjoy access to dynamic career opportunities across different fields and industries.

Are you ready to help us make the future?

You are going to be a part of the machine learning team to create cutting edge new AI solutions working on ThermoRebellion and GCI projects. You will work with a group of data scientists, physicists, software and hardware engineers in a R&D environment to foster development from prototype to product.

We need people who can think on their own and see the direction of the entire product/solution. Creativity, independent thinking, and vision are required.

Responsibilities:
Inventing and developing new detection algorithms.
Making improvements to the existent algorithms.
Validating and testing of developed and integrated algorithms (This includes working inside and outside to collect data or to do necessary algorithm performance tests).
Contributing to the development of new project or solutions by interacting and teaching the stakeholders, conducting research, writing reports, and creating specifications.
Helping product development and product improvement teams to understand and troubleshoot technical problems.
Helping define product features and brainstorm ideas that improve product quality.
Access raw data, analyze it, organize, and label it in a compelling way.
Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to identify anomalies.
Constructs predictive models, algorithms, and probability engines or machine learning tools to support data analysis or product functions; verifies model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results.
Helps to design experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use.
MUST HAVES
2+ years of experience using different Machine Learning libraries and techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
2+ years of experience using MATLAB, Python, SQL to develop algorithms
2+ years of experience in statistical and data mining techniques and building statistical models.
WE VALUE:

· PhD or Masters degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, or another related field.

· Experience in image processing, (Open CV, Intel IPP, Metrix Learning, MKL )

· Understanding of optics, specifically IR spectroscopy

Additional Information
JOB ID: HRD95483
Category: Engineering
Location: 2327 Commerce St #200,Houston,Texas,77002,United States
Exempt
Global (ALL)

Honeywell is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will be considered without regard to age, race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, affectional or sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, nationality, sex, or veteran status.
