Are you passionate about learning and intellectually curious? Do you thrive in a fast-paced, innovative work environment where team members hold themselves and others accountable? Are you energized by trying new things, have an agile mindset and enjoy making an impact? Is working for a purpose-driven organization important to you? If the answers to these questions are a resounding YES, then read on!

We are looking for a Senior Back End Software Engineer to make intuitive high-level decisions for software development. You will be working alongside talented engineers, designers, researchers, and product owners, collaborating on various layers of the LearnPlatform infrastructure.

Responsibilities
Work with product owners and other engineering team members to determine new features and user stories needed in large/complex development projects.
Develop high-level product specifications with attention to system integration and feasibility.
Create or update documentation in support of development efforts. Documents may include detailed specifications, implementation guides, architecture diagrams or design documents.
Maintain quality and ensure responsiveness of applications.
Collaborate with the rest of the engineering team to design and launch new features.
Maintain code integrity and organization. Help drive down technical debt alongside ongoing feature development.
Ensure software meets all requirements of quality, security, modifiability, extensibility.
Requirements
Passionate, curious, open to new ideas with the ability to research and pick up new technologies.
Proficient with Ruby, Elixir, SQL, Python, React.
Knowledge of code versioning tools (Git).
Experience with developing and utilizing REST web services.
Excellent knowledge of software and application design and architecture.
Familiarity with Docker, Kubernetes, Terraform & Cloud vendors (AWS & Google).
Experience with agile methodologies and practices such as Scrum, or Kanban.
Understanding and implementation of security and data protection.
A technical mindset with great attention to detail.
Outstanding communication and presentation abilities.
Demonstrated problem-solving aptitude.
Willingness to work in a fast-paced, results-driven startup environment.
MS/BS in computer science, engineering or relevant field or equivalent professional experience.
5+ years of experience building web applications and infrastructure.
Professional experience in K-12 education, education technology, or a related field is preferred but not required.
Benefits

As a member of our growing team, employees receive:
Competitive salary
Subsidized healthcare (medical, dental, vision, and more)
401k with employer match
Continuing Education Reimbursement
Activity/Wellness Reimbursement
Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
Generous holiday and vacation days to recharge with family/friends and sick days to recuperate.
Spacious office with all the amenities in Raleigh’s South Glenwood neighborhood
About LearnPlatform

LearnPlatform strives to generate actionable insights to guide informed decisions across education. As part of our daily work we expect our co-workers and ask of ourselves embody our core values of honesty, set, meet and exceed expectations, a bias for responsible action, a desire to learn and adapt when needed, and to have empathy for others. We are looking for smart, engaging people to contribute their diverse experiences to our team.

LearnPlatform is the edtech effectiveness system for educators and administrators to organize, streamline and analyze their classroom technology to improve instructional, operational and financial decisions. The SaaS edtech system of record gives education organizations the ability to inventory and select digital learning tools, establish and maintain regulatory compliance, and measure outcomes to gain meaningful, actionable evidence to ensure learning ecosystems are safe and cost-effective. K-12 districts and state education agencies use the research-based LearnPlatform to continuously improve standards of practice that drive blended and personalized learning at scale, expand equitable access to education technologies and increase student achievement.

LearnPlatform is a B Corporation and has received its Series A financing in February 2018 from New Markets Venture Partners and The Emerson Collective. LearnPlatform is committed to equity, both in its hiring and overall mission.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $0.00 per hour

Application Question:
Are your working hours able to overlap with 10AM - 2PM EST?
