Management Controls Inc. (MCi) is looking for an experienced DevOps Engineer to managing & automating infrastructure (IAC), planning, configuration, deployment and maintaining all Azure activities and ensuring top security practices. The business is privately held, has been around for 28 years, services most of the Fortune 100, and is experiencing exponential growth, which will last into the next decade. In addition to the normal tech company benefits like stocked kitchens, an in-house gym, bonuses, and flexible PTO. The company also offers 100% paid healthcare. So, if you want to work in place that takes care of you and those you love, values creativity, learning, and individual contribution think about joining the team.

Duties and responsibilities
Build and manage Azure infrastructure for SaaS delivered products
Design, support, automate & continuously improve Cloud security
Develop and maintain software defined infrastructure in Azure
Develop and maintain automated software deployment processes and scripts
Manage Azure based IaaS infrastructure
Provide maintenance development within existing cloud infrastructure
Contribute to Quality Assurance of our SaaS product offerings
Manage Office365, Active Directory and general corporate server administration
Network administration of switches, firewalls, WAPs, etc.
Perform Azure cost monitoring and management
Assist in development of test cases for cloud environments
Document and communicate Cloud Architecture to development team
MCSD certification (Azure Solution Architect) or obtainable in first year of employment
Commercial SaaS application delivery experience
SOA interface management experience
C# .NET/JavaScript/Python/shell/PowerShell development experience
TFS/VSTS source code management and build experience
Advanced Microsoft systems administration certifications (MCSE, MCSA, etc.)
4-8 years of professional Windows system administration experience
1-3 years of Azure experience (ARM IaaS)
Prior experience in DevOps role
PowerShell/JSON/shell scripting experience
Automation experience (Azure, VSTS, Puppet, Jenkins, etc.)
ITIL experience and/or certifications
BS degree in computer science, engineering or relevant field
5+ years of Windows server level administration experience (SQL Server, Windows Server, AD, SCOM, etc.)
2+ years of Azure infrastructure management experience
Highly organized, data driven decision skills
Excellent written and verbal communication and documentation skills
PI121580249
