Job Description
Our client is actively seeking a Logistics Engineer to join their team. The selected candidate will provide insights and solutions throughout the organization in areas including- business operations, routing, revenue management, logistics customer experience, people analytics, and more.

Responsibilities:
Monitor, analyze, evaluate, and optimize operational productivity in fleet logistics operations
Perform innovative and complex engineering techniques and procedures.
Determine the most efficient methods to effectively utilize the client’s resources allowing for operational improvement and enriched customer service.
Optimize operations to minimize activity costs
Utilize engineering techniques and management principles to implement logistics solutions
Utilize optimization software and techniques to assist with analysis, implement solutions, and provide feedback for improvements
Work toward and encourage goals to fund long term efficiencies and reduce the overall cost of multiple lines of businesses serviced
Interact with internal departments and external customers to derive maximum efficiency and value from logistics decisions
Deliver top-level business and systems analysis while focusing on organizational strategic vision.
Effectively communicate with numerous stakeholders
Qualifications:
Education: Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Mathematics, or related discipline Preferred: Master’s Degree and/or four years of related experience
Must have strong experience with sourcing, cleansing, and reconciling data
Applying optimization software to identify opportunities that improve the cost/efficiency of logistical operations
Techniques and communication principals necessary to implement logistical solutions
Sound working knowledge of routing problems, heuristics, advanced math and optimization to develop effective options to enhance productivity and efficiency.
Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite with advanced Excel experience required.
Ability to extract and analyze data using SQL queries.
Strong leadership, presentation, project management and relationship management skills.
Exceptional analytical and problem-solving skills.
First-rate verbal and written communication skills.
Must be a self-starter, multi-task, meet deadlines and keep up in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to travel up to 25%

Company Description
ABOUT DELPHI-US
Delphi-US provides world class talent acquisition solutions to our clients nationwide. We are experts in Information Technology, Engineering, Professional, and select specialized talent recruitment. With a collective 30+ years in our field, Delphi-US brings true best practices to the industry, and a fundamental approach that drives excellence in results for our clients and consultants. Known as 'The Peacemakers in The Talent War', Delphi-US seeks to join the best and brightest of our knowledge workforce to select employers of choice throughout the United States.
