This role is a contract to hire that can currently be worked remotely due to Covid-19. Eventually will be required to be worked onsite in the Houston, TX area. As an Electronics Design Engineer - Embedded Motor Control Systems you will Report directly to the Electronics and Electrical Design Section Manager as part of group of over 40 other Electronics and Electrical Engineers. Work directly with NASA Johnson Space Center and the Robotic Systems Technology Branch in designing the next generation of embedded motor control systems. Contribute directly to the design of the next generation NASA robotic and exploration vehicle platforms with an emphasis on creating new, integrated electrical system designs for embedded sensor-based motor controls, high power motor drive systems, power distribution systems, and electromechanical power conversion for high performance robot actuation. Support new designs from conception, analysis, and manufacturing, through to operational test and deployment. Work in a laboratory environment, following standard operating procedures. Perform other duties as required and assigned. Qualifications Required EducationExperienceSkills BS degree in engineering from an accredited engineering school and five (5) years of related engineering experience, or a MS degree from an accredited engineering school and four (4) years of related engineering experience, or Ph.D. from an accredited engineering school and zero (0) years of related experience. Prior experience with electrical schematic entry and printed circuit board layout tools such as Altium Designer or similar Prior experience with FPGA circuitry design and coding in associated VHDL development environments. Experience with hardware and VHDL-based development for motor control systems (includes brushless DC or BLDC and stepper motors). Experience with DC electromechanical power conversion (high performance actuation, electric motors and motor drive electronics, etc.) Experience with low voltage power distribution system design. Prior experience with electrical schematic entry and printed circuit board layout tools such as Altium Designer or similar. and successfully complete a U.S. government background investigation. Requisition Preferences Project based experience designing, building, testing, and troubleshooting power distribution electronics, battery systems, and other electrical hardware (requirements definition system modeling and simulation circuit analysis PCB design, fabrication, and assembly harness design and fabrication requirements verification) Experience with sensor fusion and fault tolerant control design for robotic actuators. Understanding of classical and modern control theory. Experience with motor controller design, selection and integration with associated mechanisms. Prior experience with microcontroller circuitry design and associated embedded software development environments. Familiarity with the Linux operating system and programming in CC++ and Python. Prior experience with Robotic Operating System (ROS) Prior experience with EMIEMC and troubleshooting noise issues Hands on experience in the design, build, and test of embedded motor control systems Familiarity with data interface protocols and associated hardware such as Ethernet, RS232, RS422, RS485, I2C, SPI etc. Experience in the hardware design of embedded systems (microcontrollers, FPGAs, sensor interfaces, I2CSPI buses, UARTS, etc.) Experience with test hardware such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters, logic analyzers, function generators, electronic load banks, power supplies, power analyzers Prior experience in design and test of power supply and conditioning systems. Prior experience with circuit simulation tools such as Pspice, OrCAD, Multisim etc. A successful track record of fielding custom electrical systems in an operational setting. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work in a multi-disciplinary team of mechanical, electrical, and software engineers designing and building world-class, NASA space-flight hardware. Proficient in MS Office programs, particularly MS Excel, PowerPoint, Word, OneNote and Outlook.
