Search Jobs

Job Description
Cloud DevOps Engineer
VMware is a global leader in cloud infrastructure and business mobility. Built on VMware's industry-leading virtualization technology, our solutions deliver a new model of IT that is fluid, instant, and more secure. Customers can innovate faster by rapidly developing, automatically delivering, and more safely consuming any application. With 2018 revenues of $7.9 billion, VMware has more than 500,000 customers, more than 75,000 partners, and 25,000+ employees in 120+ locations around the world. At the core of what we do are our people who deeply value execution, passion, integrity, customers, and community. Do you dare to do the stuff you've always dreamed about? Dare to explore at careers.vmware.com.

Mission

The Workspace ONE Access and Hub Services team is looking for a Senior Cloud DevOps Engineer with a diverse set of experiences and skills to deploy and operate VMware's Workspace ONE SaaS services in AWS GovCloud environments for public sector customers. As a Cloud DevOps Engineer, you will provide service insight, response, and low touch management to maintain high service reliability, availability, integrity, confidentiality, compliance, and performance at scale through extensible services and platforms, data insights, automation, and product feedback.

Responsibilities
Deploy and operate Workspace ONE Access and Hub Services and supporting infrastructure components in AWS GovCloud regions.
Work closely with development teams to improve the maintainability and reliability of services.
Handle seamless upgrades of infrastructure and services through automation.
Identify, gather, analyze, and automate responses to key performance metrics, logs, and alerts.
Ensure compliance with high-security standards including inventory and access control monitoring and reporting.
Conduct 5-whys incident reviews to analyze failures and prevent a recurrence.
Provide service support by participating in regular on-call shifts responding to service issues.
Develop and maintain up-to-date, clear, and effective operations automated responses and playbooks.
Minimum Qualifications
BS in Computer Science or related technical field, or equivalent industry experience.
Demonstrated experience with Amazon Web Services.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Systematic problem-solving approach coupled with a strong sense of ownership and independence.
Experience administering Linux systems and networks in a production environment.
Experience providing on-call support for high priority incidents
Experience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins
An understanding of networking principles
Proficiency coding in Python and familiarity with Groovy.
Basic understanding of Java web services.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience operating, troubleshooting, and scaling online services
Experience creating reliable and resilient process automation based on software engineering principals.
Experience reviewing security scans and remediating vulnerabilities
Experience working in secure cloud environments
Familiarity with security issues in the cloud such as intrusion, vulnerability detection, privilege escalation, lateral movement, and data exfiltration.
Experience with monitoring and alerting solutions
Experience with Change Management processes and functions
Experience with various data management technologies including relational and non-relational databases and message queues
This position will perform work that the U.S. government has specified can only be performed by a U.S. citizen on U.S. soil, and therefore any potential offer of employment is contingent upon verification of candidate's U.S. citizenship.

VMware is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: VMware is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at VMware are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. VMware will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. VMware encourages applicants of all ages. VMware will provide reasonable accommodation to employees who have protected disabilities consistent with local law.

Search Jobs
