As a senior leader in Software Engineering, you'll combine your years of proven expertise with a never-ending quest to create innovative technology through solid engineering practices. You'll lead a highly inspired and inquisitive team of technologists who are already developing and deploying applications to the highest standards. With your deep knowledge of design, analytics, development, coding, testing, and application programming, your team will raise their game even more, meeting your standards, as well as satisfying both business and functional requirements. Your passion and experience in one or more technology domains will help solve complex and mission critical problems, internally and externally. As a constant learner and early adopter, you're already embracing leading-edge technologies and methodologies; your example encourages others to follow suit.

In addition to creating solutions with your in-house team, you'll also work alongside our team of technologists from around the world who are just as dedicated as you are. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Mastery of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Command of architecture, design, and business processes
Knowledge of industry-wide technology trends and best practices
Keen understanding of financial control and budget management
Expertise in working in in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals
Passionate about building an innovative culture
Experienced in modern programming languages
This role requires a wide variety ofstrengths and capabilities, including:

BS/BA degree or equivalentexperience
Mastery of application, dataand infrastructure architecture disciplines
Command of architecture, designand business processes
Knowledge of industry widetechnology strategies and best practices
Keen understanding of financialcontrol and budget management
Expertise in working in inlarge, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals, and passionateabout building an innovative culture
Experienced in modernprogramming languages such as Java, SQL, Scala (nice to have)Experience developing enterprise platforms using Big Data tools and technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Impala, Zeppelin, Jupyter)
The hiring manager for this job openingwould welcome a conversation about flexibility. This could range from ad hoc flexibility in a full time position, to amore formal Flexible Work Arrangemen
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
