Job Description

CACI is looking for an experienced Data Integration Software Engineer to support the Lunar Gateway Program at NASA Johnson Space Center. This exciting position involves integrating software components into the Gateway flight software from a data perspective. The individual will become knowledgeable in the Gateway flight software system with an understanding of the data flow within the system. The position requires working with Gateway payload managers and other Gateway software providers to ensure the data requirements for software applications being integrated into the flight software are satisfied.
What Youll Get to Do:

This position requires a self-motivated, capable person with strong verbal and written communication skills. In addition to outstanding technical expertise, the individual must be very people savvy, have strong customer relationship skills, possess a positive team-player attitude, be flexible and willing to take on new assignments and responsibilities as they arise. Finally, the most qualified candidate will be an articulate speaker able to communicate complex technical ideas in a convincing manner, must share our passion for our Nation's Space Program, and share in the excitement of developing future human-rated space vehicles.

More About the Role:

Gain an understanding of the overall Gateway flight software system, software dependencies, data flow within the system including data rates and Virtual Links (VLs), and software interface requirements.
Gain an understanding of data requirements for software applications being integrated into the Gateway fight software and work with software providers to ensure the data requirements are satisfied.
Design command and telemetry formats for use on Gateway flight software.
Assist in design and development of data-related Gateway Level 2, i.e., Gateway vehicle, flight software, and possibly Level 3 individual module software.
This work takes place at NASA/JSC in Houston, TX, a highly stimulating and dynamic environment that is critical in human space flight and the space exploration initiative.
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident. B.S. in Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, Computer or Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related disciplines required.
Experience with data flow, data rates, and data dependencies for integrating software applications within a real-time software environment.
Software development background.
Experience with software interface requirements.
Must be flexible, open to new challenges in a dynamic environment, and possess strong technical expertise combined with strong verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to manage multiple priorities with little supervision.
Must be a highly responsible, team-oriented individual with strong work ethic.
Must have highly developed coordination and organization skills.
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
M.S. in Aerospace, Mechanical, Electrical, Computer or Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related disciplines.
Experience in human-rated safety critical flight software in aerospace or other industries.
Vehicle-wide knowledge of space vehicle systems.
Experience developing human-rated safety critical flight software.
Experience with Time-Triggered Ethernet.
Experience with XTCE telemetry format.
NASDEV

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-Houston-TX-HOUSTON

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
