Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, youll have the chance to make a difference at one of the worlds leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, youll do meaningful work youre passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description


TITLE: Service Reliability Engineer

DUTIES: DFS Corporate Services LLC seeks Service Reliability Engineer in Houston, TX to conduct capacity planning and performance management of the Enterprise Payment Platforms (EPP) within Business Technology. Analyze testing results and come up with recommendations for applications across Corporate Technology. Define and improve IT technology processes toward recognized industry standards. Conducts capacity planning and performance reporting of EPP and legacy IT production and benchmark platforms. Create dashboards and reports based on recommendations of the Analyst team and specific areas the application teams want deeper diagnostics. Produces capacity and performance reports for enterprise payments platform and legacy production and benchmark environments. Perform hands-on architecture design, and development of system. Maintain a high level of competency in big data solutions and aligned technologies. Provide technical leadership to application developers and other internal stakeholders regarding all aspects of Centralized Logging. Maintain high level of competency in big data solution and aligned technologies. Promotes a risk-aware culture, ensures efficient and effective risk and compliance management practices by adhering to required standards and processes.

REQUIREMENTS: Bachelors degree or foreign equivalent in Information Technology, Technology or a related field and six (6) years of progressively responsible experience in job offered or related positions: configuring Application Performance Monitoring tool AppDynamics for application monitoring and diagnostic solution to improve performance of different enterprise applications; developing reports and managing Splunk applications; assisting development teams to resolve performance and end-user issues; pinpointing the root cause of non-functionality issues; utilizing technologies including Kafka, Elastic Search, Kibana, Hadoop and Linux.

QUALIFIED APPLICANTS: Please apply directly through our website www.mydiscovercareer.com for Job ID R2086 by clicking on Apply Now. No calls. Equal Opportunity Employer/disability/vet.

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.
