Please note that this role requires relocation to Washington D.C.
As a Software Engineer for the CIA, you will focus in the cyber arena and specialize in the design, development, integration, and deployment of cutting edge tools, techniques and systems to support cyber operations and other intelligence activities. Working in a collaborative and learning environment, software engineers produce creative, innovative and elegant solutions to some of the toughest challenges. You will utilize your technical skills, imagination, ingenuity, initiative and expertise to help develop, support, and execute the Agency's intelligence mission.

Opportunities for domestic and foreign travel are possible.

Offices of the CIA – Directorate of Digital Innovation


The Directorate of Digital Innovation (DDI) is at the forefront of defining the future of digital expertise within the CIA. DDI focuses on developing the workforce with cutting-edge skills, investing in IT infrastructure, and modernizing the way the Agency does business. DDI officers help accelerate the integration of innovative methods and tools to enhance the CIA's cyber and digital capabilities on a global scale and ultimately help safeguard our nation. Learn more about the Directorate of Digital Innovation.

Qualifications
US citizenship required (dual-national US citizens eligible). All positions require relocation to the Washington, DC metro area.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Computer Engineering
Cyber Security
GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale
Knowledge of:
Computer science fundamentals in object-oriented design as well as algorithm design
Data structures
Problem solving and complexity analysis
UNIX/Linux environments, Windows operating system as well as Mobile operating systems (such as Apple iOS or Android) and their associated software development kits
Ability to design, develop, debug and maintain a diversity of programs written in C/C++, using modern software development tools and methodologies
Ability to work effectively in a team environment with competing priorities
Ability to identify and manage risk
Ability to document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code
Demonstrated technical leadership
Desired Qualifications:


Master's degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
Computer Science
Software Engineering
Computer Engineering
Software development experience in multiple operating systems, such as Windows operating system, UNIX/Linux or mobile operating systems
Experience in the following:
Developing software in multiple scripting languages
Windows kernel level development
Cryptographic principles and algorithms
Operating system internals and/or device driver development on Windows, Android, MAC, iOS, UNIX or Linux OS platforms
Reverse engineering software/firmware
Knowledge or experience with wireless standards, network, and communication protocols (CDMA, WCDA, UMTS, LTE, IMS, SMS, RIL, TCP/IP, Vo/IP)
System engineering and software project management experience or training
All applicants must successfully complete:


A thorough medical and psychological exam
A polygraph interview
A comprehensive background investigation
To be considered suitable for Agency employment, applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last 12 months. The issue of illegal drug use prior to 12 months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing.

How to Apply
If you are ready to apply, add this position to your job cart. You can add up to four (4) positions. Job cart selections will only be retained during this site visit, so be sure to click "Apply Now" before closing the browser window. After clicking "Apply Now" you will be taken to the application account creation page. The positions will appear in the cart once you have created an account.

DO NOT submit multiple applications; this will only slow the review of your application and delay processing. Please read the Application Instructions carefully before you begin the online application process.
Important application instructions for this position:

The following items must be attached to your on-line application (PDF format preferred):
Resume
Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for one or more positions. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants.
Unofficial transcripts for all degrees

Important Notice: Friends, family, individuals, or organizations may be interested to learn that you are seeking employment with the CIA. Their interest, however, may not be benign or in your best interest. Once you reveal your interest you lose control of that information. We ask all applicants to exercise discretion and good judgment in disclosing your interest in a position with the CIA. You will receive further guidance on this topic as you proceed through your CIA employment processing.
