ENGIE are a leading world group that provides low-carbon energy and services. To tackle the climate emergency facing us all, our aim is to become the world leader in the zero-carbon energy transition "as a service" for our clients – particular for companies and regional authorities. We use our expertise in our key business areas (renewables, gas, services) to provide competitive and bespoke solutions.
With our 160,000 employees, our clients, our partners and our stakeholders, together we form a community of imaginative builders, striving every day to bring about a more harmonious form of progress.
The Data Centre Lead Engineer will:
Manage ENGIE’s on-site operations team
Develop and maintain site-specific MOPs and SOPs as required
Manage all preventative maintenance, supervise vendor service teams
Maintain the customer’s CMMS
Complete weekly, monthly and ad-hoc reports as required by the customer or by ENGIE
Possess a strong, site-specific understanding of how utility power, UPS, HVAC, generators and other systems operate together
The main responsibilities of the role are to:
Establish and maintain a close working relationship with the customer
Oversee the preventative maintenance of all equipment and systems
Develop and manage site-specific MOPs and SOPs
Supervise vendor service teams, ensuring compliance with the customer’s operating procedures
Monitor all systems, ensuring ENGIE meets customer’s SLAs and KPIs at all times
Complete weekly, monthly and ad-hoc end-customer and customer reports and incident reports
Brief Data Centre Engineers on any outstanding works or matters; ensure daily round reports are completed to a high standard
Timely and accurate data entry to CMMS (Computerised Maintenance Management System)
Perform daily rounds of the facility and identify and address risks to operations
Prepare and analyse building system maintenance and performance reports
Day-to-day management of the data centre engineers and operations coordinator
Manage data centre engineers’ rosters and all leave requests
Assist the Data Centre Facilities Manager and Chief Engineer with staff development, training and assessment of ongoing performance

The selected candidate
must be able to demonstrate:
Electrical
or HVAC background, or Graduate Electrical or Mechanical Engineer
Experience both as a data centre engineer and in
leading a shift operations team
Proven ability to work under pressure
Understanding of complex infrastructure systems
Experience using work management systems for logging
and managing requests, changes and incidents
Excellent communication skills
Competent with MS Office applications incl. Word,
Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook.
Critical Operations certifications.
Facility management and/or data centre related
certifications, such as CDCP, CDCS
or equivalent and
familiarity with certification standards such as BCA Green Mark, Uptime

Institute Tier
III/IV, TIA 942, SS564 and FSM would be very well regarded.

Note: As part of carrying out the duties of this role, it is mandatory
to hold Australian Citizenship.

What’s
in it for you?
ENGIE is a global energy company operating in
over 70 countries with 25 branches across Australia
Team and
people focused work culture
Trusted name
and brand
Join an
innovative company building energy efficient communities for a
sustainable future
Next
Steps

If you are interested and
meet the selection criteria apply with an up-to-date resume via the apply
instructions on this website.

Please note that we are can only accept
applications from those with full working rights in Australia. ENGIE
Services is an EEO employer, where all applicants are treated with fairness and
respect and have equal access to the opportunities available.

Additional Information



Posting Date: Jul 15, 2020
