Job Description
We are seeking a Geo Technical Engineer to join our team to support Civil Works, Geotechnical, and Military projects and programs.

This position will be located in the Houston/Galveston, Texas area.

Duties may include:
Plans, schedules, conducts and coordinates a variety of project tasks.
Assist in the preparation and review of project plans, data, studies, reports, and specifications.
Performs work which involves conventional engineering practices but may involve a variety of complex features, field work, and working with other engineering disciplines.
Requires general familiarity with basic principles and practices in related specialties.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s of Science ABET accredited program in Geotechnical Engineering or Civil Engineering w/ Geotechnical Engineering emphasis (not Engineering Technology);
Minimum 5 yrs full time post graduate experience in private sector (10 yrs preferred);
Familiarity with federal contracting requirements and regulations;
Experience with design development, specifications, and design analysis;
Experience with geotechnical field activities (soil borings, reading & interpreting boring/well logs, drill rigs, etc);
Experience with construction requirements and understanding of practical construction applications as related to geotechnical concerns (ie. Foundations, compaction, pavements, etc);
Experience with seepage analysis, settlement, etc.
Registered Professional Engineer or ability to obtain registration shortly after hire;
US Citizenship.
Should have experience with several of the following computer programs (AutoCad, Civil 3D, MS Project, ArcGIS, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat).
Preference will be given to applicants with geotechnical or hydrological focus/experience.
Experience related to flood damage and risk management, project planning, design and construction (i.e. dams, levees, channels), shoreline and stream bank erosion protection and eco-restoration projects a plus.
Federal programs experience a plus.
Applicant must be able to work on multiple projects simultaneously, have mechanical aptitude, should be willing to perform or work toward project/technical management roles.
Must be proactive with strong initiative and follow through, detail oriented, and capable of working both independently and in a team environment.
Must have the ability to obtain a security clearance.

Company Description
A national search firm, specializes in the recruitment and placement of highly qualified Construction, Energy, Information Technology (IT), Accounting, Finance, Human Resource and other office professional personnel on a direct placement or retained executive search basis.

Element Professionals, LLC.
