Introduction
Introduction
The infrastructure running industries likes transportation, energy, insurance, banking or healthcare is quickly changing as the worlds relationship with technology evolves. Companies have more choices than ever before between on-premise, off-premise, or a hybrid approach. Our Infrastructure Specialists are responsible for keeping up with these latest and greatest of these changes and using their expertise to deliver solutions that meet the needs of our customers and products.

Your Role and Responsibilities
This position requires engineering and installation support of both client and cloud network environments. As a member of the Cloud Shared Services (CSS) program, the IT Network Infrastructure Engineer will support projects and customers supported by the CSS program. This position focuses on all aspects of networking including engineering, design, installation, configuration, compliance, hand-off for day 2 operations as well as acting as an escalation point for the day 2 operational teams. This position will work with the following technologies:
CheckPoint Firewalls
VMware NSX
Cisco Catalyst and Nexus Switches
A10, F5 and Citrix Load Balancers
Arista Network Switches
Examples of engineering support tasks listed below:
Troubleshooting as a tier 3 escalation point, customer traffic flow layer 2/layer 3, including Firewalls
Create virtual network infrastructure and dynamic routing configuration in support of tenant environments
Create and maintain detailed technical documentation of the client environment as well as the Smart Cloud for Government (SCG) cloud environment
Build and deliver on all network-related enterprise technologies and service offerings within the SCG cloud environment
Alignment and knowledge of NIST SP800-53 security controls and risk management framework for Federal Systems
Candidate must possess a US Public Trust clearance, Secret (or higher) clearance, or be able to obtain a Public Trust clearance.

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
5 years IT operations and engineering experience
2 years cloud network and security technologies experience
Strong understanding of networking and virtualization technologies
Switching and Routing experience in an enterprise data center environment 5+ years
Firewall experience in an enterprise data center environment 2+ years
Ability to adapt quickly to changing technology requirements
Strong system design background
Strong communication, presentation, and documentation skills
Able to navigate fast-paced and rapidly evolving environments
ability to obtain and maintain a US DoD Secret clearance
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Arista Switch experience
VMware NSX experience
CheckPoint Firewall experience
A10, F5 and Citrix Load Balancer experience
About Business Unit
IBM Services is a team of business, strategy and technology consultants that design, build, and run foundational systems and services that is the backbone of the world's economy. IBM Services partners with the world's leading companies in over 170 countries to build smarter businesses by reimagining and reinventing through technology, with its outcome-focused methodologies, industry-leading portfolio and world class research and operations expertise leading to results-driven innovation and enduring excellence.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when youre looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBMs greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
US Citizenship required.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
