As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Advanced knowledge of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Knowledge of industry-wide technology trends and best practices
Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals
Passionate about building an innovative culture
Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages
Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement
In-depth knowledge of one or more modern programming languages including Java 8+
Experience developing Restful APIs with Spring framework, Hibernate/JPA
Strong experience in Object Orientated design.
Strong experience in building concurrent / multi-threaded software in Java.
Experience in building high-performance latency-sensitive back-end applications.
Ability to write comprehensive Unit, Performance, and Integration tests
Experience in running, maintaining, and troubleshooting software deployed to Linux
Experience in full software development lifecycle with agile methodologies.
Experience with continuous integration and deployment tools and approaches
Knowledge of industry wide technology trends and best practices
Experience with Git/Bitbucket source code management tools and techniques in conjunction with SDLC utilities (JIRA preferred)
Preferred skills:
Any or all Cloud experience with: AWS components and architecture, Docker Containers, Netflix API's
General: Git, Jenkins, Maven, JUnit, Log4J, Apache, Tomcat, SQL
Working knowledge of databases: At least one - Oracle, MySQL, MS Sql Server
Our Corporate & Investment Bank relies on innovators like you to build and maintain the technology that helps us safely service the world's important corporations, governments and institutions. You'll develop solutions for a bank entrusted with holding $18 trillion of assets and $393 billion in deposits. The Corporate & Investment Bank provides strategic advice, raises capital, manages risk, and extends liquidity in markets spanning over 100 countries around the world.

When you work at JPMorgan Chase & Co., you're not just working at a global financial institution. You're an integral part of one of the world's biggest tech companies. In 20 technology centers worldwide, our team of 50,000 technologists design, build and deploy everything from enterprise technology initiatives to big data and mobile solutions, as well as innovations in electronic payments, cybersecurity, machine learning, and cloud development. Our $10B+ annual investment in technology enables us to hire people to create innovative solutions that will are transforming the financial services industry.

At JPMorgan Chase & Co. we value the unique skills of every employee, and we're building a technology organization that thrives on diversity. We encourage professional growth and career development, and offer competitive benefits and compensation. If you're looking to build your career as part of a global technology team tackling big challenges that impact the lives of people and companies all around the world, we want to meet you.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
