Title:

Reliability Engineer (Supporting NASA at Johnson Space Center)

The Human Health & Performance Contract (HHPC) has an opportunity for an experienced Reliability Engineer to support the development of NASA's Exploration Extravehicular Mobility Unit (xEMU). The Reliability Engineer will work with the subsystem team, the supportability / logistics engineering team, and the NASA customer. As a part of the Reliability and Maintainability team, this candidate will help to improve operational readiness, reduce hardware downtime, reduce lifecycle cost, and provide essential data back to the program. Applicants will represent the company and / or customer in outside discussions and technical forums, and will work under general administrative and technical supervision. Incumbent will perform other duties and responsibilities as required.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES
Uses all available sources of data to predict component failure rates.
Creates quantitative models of subsystem and system reliability.
Works with test engineers to develop test plans to validate models.
Develops computer models and uses the results to analyze, predict, adjust, and verify design parameters.
Support failure reporting and corrective action and other root-cause corrective action activity.
Allocates top level requirements to subsystem specifications.
Develops Quantitative Reliability predictions and tracks performance.
Works with Maintainability team to develop the Reliability and Maintainability Plan.
Works with Subsystem Team to define, document and track diagnostic capability.
Conduct Reliability trades.
Develop Failure Modes Effect and Criticality Analysis.
Determines Reliability Critical Items.
Assists in determining reliability centered maintenance items.
Perform Quantitative System Availability Analysis.
Participates in all Milestone Reviews.
EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE
Required
Bachelor's Degree in Industrial, Mechanical, or Electrical Engineering plus minimum 5 years experience in quantitative Reliability, Maintainability, or Maintenance fields
Strong experience in Statistics and Probability
Desired
Experience in gathering, analyzing and presenting data from a variety of sources
Experience assessing Reliability, Availability, Maintainability performance of equipment
Understanding of Software Reliability
Reliability Testing
Reliability Growth
Read schematics, drawings and CAD renderings
Physics of Failure
SKILLS / TRAINING
Required
Strong written and oral communication skills
Software - Windchill Quality Solutions, Relex, or ASENT
Desired
Proactive and effective in addressing maintainability issues
Working knowledge across multiple engineering disciplines
Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40
