Software engineer with the following responsibilities:


Understanding of database structures, theories, principles, and practices.
Understanding of ETL and data warehouse principles.
Working knowledge in T-SQL creating complex stored procedures and views.
Ability to translate business questions and requirements into reports, views, and BI query objects.
Provide technical consultancy to clients for Microsoft BI Stack.
Develop, document and implement data models for OLTP and OLAP systems.
Develop, document and implement data mappings for ETL implementations.
Involved in the full software development life cycle from scoping, analysis, design, implementation, and quality assurance to delivery and support. Implement best practices and improve the ongoing maintenance process.
Utilize Integration Microsoft Dynamics Ax with external applications by using AIF services and SQL server integration services (SSIS). Perform Migration using SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS).
Have deep understanding of Dynamics AX 2012 database structure.
Provide functional and analytical review. Assure that application design and implementation are consistent with technology strategy.
Assist in devising unit test plans.
Provide production support for software systems.
Act as liaison with offshore development team.
Requirements for the position:


Educational requirements: Bachelor of Science (or equivalent) in Computer Science or related.

Alternative fields of study may be accepted: Computer Applications, Computer Engineering, or related. Other major(s) and/or fields(s) of study required Comp Science, Comp Engineering or related.

Quantitative Experience requirements: Must have two years of experience in the offered position, or related position (other acceptable titles: of Senior Advisory Software Engineer, Software Engineer, Software Consultant, Advisory Architect or a related).

Must have two years’ experience in the following skill set:
Warehouse design
Data Modeling
SQL Server Reporting Services
Modeling OLAP Cubes and Tabular in SQL Server Analysis Services
SQL Server Integration Services
Ability to use Script tasks for any custom tasks
T-SQL creating complex Stored Procedures and views
Developing and setup of MDM organization structures mainly using MDS
Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.

Job Site:


Job is currently located at Houston, TX with the possibility of medium to long-term relocation to Pittsburgh PA or Cranbury, NJ or other unanticipated client sites throughout the US.

The position is 40 hours per week, 9:00 a.m.- 5:00 p.m., Monday-Friday.

Department

Software Engineering

Location

Houston, TX

Type

Full Time
