At EXP, we know that great experiences start with the right people. We believe that work should be challenging, and the challenge should be fun. We also believe that exponential possibilities are more likely to occur with a respectful, satisfying and empowering company. We value and respect our employees - their experience and expertise as well as their energy, passion and diversity - and their innovative approach to work and to life.

Your Challenge

EXP is currently searching for an Intermediate Pipeline Engineer who will be responsible for assisting Senior Engineers and/or Project Managers in managing the development and execution of a broad range of natural gas or oil facility projects, including but not limited to high pressure transmission pipelines, compression, storage, gathering, treating and processing. This position will be located in our Houston office.

Your Responsibilities
Defines and prepares job scopes and cost estimates for assigned projects.
Interacts with various personnel, clients and state and/or federal agencies regarding assigned projects.
Creates and maintains project specific documentation during and following completion of a project to ensure compliance with state or federal laws, corporate policies and procedures or other governing bodies.
Prepares and delivers presentations that communicate project proposals, descriptions and status to senior management, state or federal agencies, and/or the public.
Communicates the status of developmental activities to business sponsors.
Develops and provides monthly project cash flow forecasts.
Assists with the management of projects, ensuring safety, reliability, environmental and human impacts are mitigated while meeting project goals including, but not limited to schedule, budget, safety and overall quality.
Analyzes, monitors and provides recommendations related to process improvement.
Job Requirements

The Skills and Knowledge You Bring
Bachelors degree in Mechanical, Civil or Chemical Engineering from an accredited educational institution with five (5) to ten (10) years of professional experience.
Ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing.
Ability to maintain and establish effective working relationships.
Ability to review project work, quantities, costs, accuracy of specifications, completeness, and constructability.
Ability to meet project deadlines.
Ability to perform assigned responsibilities with minimal to moderate supervision.
Ability to prioritize, organize and perform multiple work assignments simultaneously.
Ability to compile, review and reconcile data for accuracy, completeness and compliance.
Ability to perform work accurately in a detail oriented environment.
Ability to prepare clear and concise reports, procedures, correspondences, and other written materials.
Ability to interpret architectural/construction drawings, specifications, codes, standards and regulatory requirements.
Ability to perform on-site design services and field engineering work.
Knowledge of and ability to use standard computer applications including, but not limited to Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
What exp Can Offer

With a mission to understand, innovate, partner and deliver, EXP provides engineering, architecture, design and consulting services to the world's built and natural environments.

Our heritage dates back to 1906, when the earliest of EXP's predecessor companies started its engineering infrastructure practice. Today, over 3,000 creative EXP professionals across North America provide the passion and expertise needed to deliver successful projects around the world.

Our promise is to offer you a challenging career in a positive and dynamic work environment, and it's a promise we take seriously.

Join a dynamic team at EXP that provides you with innovative projects, the capacity to develop your career, a full range of benefits, flexible working hours, and much more! When you explore what EXP has to offer, you'll find exponential possibilities.

For more information, visit www.exp.com.

EXP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer who fully and actively supports equal access for all people regardless of Race, Color, Religion, Gender, Age, National Origin, Veteran Status, Disability, Genetic Information or Testing, Family and Medical Leave, Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity or Expression.
