POSITION OVERVIEW

As a key member of the Pensacola, Florida Reliability Team, the Mechanical Reliability Engineer drives mechanical asset availability for their assigned production unit. The primary role of the Mechanical Reliability Engineer is to ensure the availability and maintainability of mechanical assets to meet the unit’s daily production goals and identify potential risks before failure occurs. Our goals and KPI’s include outstanding safety performance, absolute environmental compliance, zero unplanned equipment down time, consistent product quality, 100 percent execution of the asset care plans and continuous improvement to both maintenance and reliability workflows. They also drive performance to the levels which we believe are our “Entitlement” using Ascend to Excellence (A2E) behaviors, tools and skills.

TARGETED OUTCOMES
Drive mechanical assets to 100% availability to meet the unit’s daily production goals.
Engineer innovative and practical solutions to maintenance, reliability and operational issues.
Design and implement innovative upgrades to both maintain performance levels through PM’s and improve overall reliability and maintainability through maintenance expense and capital projects.
REPORTS TO

Mechanical Reliability Manager

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Leadership
Demonstrates leadership in driving Ascend’s Zero-incident safety culture.
Implement established reliability and PdM strategies.
Identify and implement needed maintenance technician training and procedure development.
Identify and implement Cost Improvement and Cost Avoidance opportunities.
Drive adherence to Process Safety Management including MOC, incident reporting and proper documentation.
Processes
Respond to equipment failures and ensure that the daily production goals are achieved.
Support maintenance replacements, repairs, and overhauls to mechanical equipment assets, including rotating & stationary equipment.
Write maintenance procedures, and repair plans.
Document equipment failure history and costs.
Perform routine mechanical equipment troubleshooting.
Perform repair vs. replacement analysis on equipment.
Perform equipment root cause failure analysis, fault tree and FMEA analysis.
Scope out and implement like-for-like equipment replacement and upgrade projects.
Perform Asset Management duties for equipment including maintaining files and database for equipment data, ensure standardization of equipment and standards for equipment, and organize and manage spare inventories.
Coordinate proactive fixes from Condition Monitoring findings with operations and maintenance personnel.
TEAM
This position is one of a Mechanical Reliability Team consisting of a Mechanical Reliability Leader, 6 area assigned Mechanical Reliability Engineers, a PdM Leader with 7 technicians, an MI Inspection Leader with 6 Inspectors and 3 SME Sr. engineers for fixed equipment, metallurgy and rotating equipment. Extended team members include specially trained and dedicated technicians running an onsite: Pump Repair Shop, Compressor Repair Shop, Centrifuge Repair Shop, R-Stamped Fabrication Shop, Valve Repair Shop, Metallurgy Lab and Machine Shop.
REQUIRED EXPERIENCE
Bachelor of Science Degree in Mechanical Engineering
Minimum 2 years experience. (including relevant Co-Op experience)
Prior Chemical, refining or Plastics Manufacturing experience preferred.
Rotating equipment design, specification, repair and upgrade experience.
Experience with modeling tools such as Fathom, Compress, Aspen or Solidworks.
DESIRED CERTIFICATION
Successful completion of the Fundamentals of Engineering exam.
Professional engineering registration preferred but not required.
Vibration Lev 1, pump and seal training classes
6-Sigma tools training
REQUIRED SKILLS
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral.
Self-motivated, well organized, and possess strong interpersonal skills.
Willingness to perform “hands on” field work, including testing and troubleshooting.
Knowledgeable with respect to Microsoft Outlook, Excel and PowerPoint software programs.
Must have excellent time management skills and be able to multi-task effectively.
Ability to travel (typically
Why work at Ascend?

Our vision is to be the recognized leader in the nylon 6,6 value chain, creating new possibilities with PA66 for everyone, everywhere, every day. We achieve that through living our Ascend values.

We care. We operate safely with high integrity for our employees, our customers and our communities. Our people are our greatest assets, and our Total Rewards Program extends beyond traditional benefits to include access to on-site medical clinics at our U.S. facilities, a global wellness rewards program and Performance Matters, an employee-driven recognition plan. Our Commitment to Zero demonstrates our belief that is it possible to operate with zero personal injuries, zero process safety incidents and zero environmental releases. And the Ascend Cares Foundation, led by Ascend employees, supports Ascend families in times of need, provides inspiring opportunities for community engagement and facilitates community leadership.

Customer-focused. We exist for our customers; they drive our actions. Their success is our success. Our plastics and chemicals are building blocks that help make everyday essentials safer and more sustainable, and we constantly strive to develop new and innovative products to meet the future needs of our customers. And that customer focus doesn’t only apply to the marketplace – it also applies to how we treat our colleagues and our fellow community members.

Better every day. We invest in our people and our processes to improve every day. A2E, our continuous improvement program, guides the way we do business. And this way of problem solving applies not only to our manufacturing practices but also to our commitment to developing our people. You’ll see it during your career at Ascend in our leadership development, skills training and mentoring programs

Agile. We think broadly and lead proactively in a constantly evolving organization and industry. Agility doesn’t mean simply working quickly – it means critical thinking, creative problem solving and novel approaches to everyday challenges.

One Ascend. All together, with a common set of goals and an eye toward the future. We don’t accept silos. We look for ways to share across departments, sites and geography. This means you won’t be boxed into a single role at Ascend – you could get the chance to work with teams across the globe to improve the way we serve our people, our customers and our communities.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, citizenship, genetic information or other protected status under federal, state or local laws.
