Platform Engineer 6 months contract Houston TX 77002 Description Assists and contributes to combining technical expertise with best practices, and standard solutions in an effort to align and implement digital solutions with business strategy. Presents and communicates to all levels of the organization (technical and non-technical) and oversees development from a technical perspective. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Interacts with product owners, product managers, and developers to implement DevOps and CICD technology solutions and processes. Designs and builds high availability, scalable, secure, and cost-optimized architecture Recommends the techniquestechnologies that should be applied at the lowest application level. Performs fit analysis for matching the right tool and pattern to the purpose. Helps identify and design reusable DevOps and CICD approaches to apply across the enterprise and business partner relationships. Assists the team with the presentation of DevOps and CICD processes to all levels Version control using Git to manage multiple Dev, QA, Production releases Hands on configuration of management and automation tools. Skills Other Requirements Certifications in AWS or other relevant technologies is preferred. In-depth knowledge of DevOps and CICD best practices Experience working on complex cloud-based software projects, web application deployment, and security Cloud Technologies Microservices, AWS, Chef, AWS APIs, AWS CLI, Amazon Kinesis, Apache Kafka Big Data Technologies like Cassandra, Spark Proficiency in technologies like Python, Maven, Ant, CICD pipeline, Jenkins, GIT Experience working with Databases like Oracle, SQL Server, DB2 One or more of the following Knowledge of enterprise coding standards and creating unified development standards in the company. Build Automation Requirement analysis, management, and analytical problem-solving skills. Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal). Ability to multitask, meet deadlines, and work in a fast-paced environment. Ability to adapt to change. Demonstrate flexibility and a willingness to undertake a wide variety of challenging tasks
