Do you want to work with one of the fastest-growing data services company? Do you consider yourself a superstar in Data Engineer? Then you have reached the right job opportunity posting.
This Data Engineer role is a critical project position with one of our marquee eCommerce client company at Tempe, AZ.
Role: Data Engineer
Duration: 9 Months with possibility of extension
Location: Remote (During COVID-19 Crisis). Post COVID-19 crisis, work would need to be onsite at Fort Mill, SC or Tempe, AZ
Experience Requirements:
Proven expertise in MemSql, Mysql, and Oracle/PostgreSQL. Prior experience with MemSQL is highly preferred.
Advanced experience in working with relational databases and ANSI-SQL
Demonstrated flexibility in working with large, complex, and ambiguous datasets
Proficient in one or more programming languages such as Python or Java
Good familiarity with AWS ecosystem including AWS EMR (preferred)
Familiar with one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as R, scikit learn, and Spark MLlib (preferred)
Enhance our machine learning software with the latest in machine learning algorithms
Work successfully in a highly cross-functional environment
Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability.
Experience on Data visualization tools such as Tableau and Power BI
Excellent communication, relationship skills, and a strong teammate.
Job Types: Full-time, Contract
Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Our company supports working from home/remotely.
Experience:
Memsql: 3 years (Preferred)
SQL: 5 years (Required)
Python: 3 years (Required)
Contract Length:
7 - 11 months
Contract Renewal:
Possible
Work Location:
One location
Fully Remote
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
