Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.
Software Engineer

Job Summary:
Develops and deploys integrated solutions aimed at modernizing, consolidating and coordinating the independently designed applications within and across the enterprise. Formulates system scope and objectives, and devises and modifies procedures to solve problems. Prepares detailed specs from which programs will be written. Designs, codes, tests, debug and documents programs. Plans and organizes the development of technical support protocol, maintains operating systems, evaluates software and system problems and potential solutions to application systems requirements. May plan, coordinate and administer databases including issues relating to security and integrity of controls. Establishes project schedules and budget estimates. This Position Reports to: Systems Manager.

Major Responsibilities:
Performs work that is complex and varied in nature.
Defines and discerns key aspects of a problem and develops an integrated solution within a broad technical and business context of significant impact. May provide guidance/training to more junior staff.
Responsible for the analysis, development, modification, installation, testing and maintenance of application systems software.
Modifies, installs and prepares technical documentation for system software applications.
Diagnoses, isolates and de-bugs software problems and performs problem resolution.
Develops plans to improve system services.
Initiates and develops concepts to solve moderate to complex situations with little or no precedent.
Analyzes business requirements and code to determines how existing applications, legacy systems, databases are impacted and changed /redesigned to meet the new and emerging enterprise requirements.
Recommends new system opportunities (new systems or applications ) for the use of new technology operating on multiple platforms.
Monitors systems availability, capacity and performance and plans.
Performs component and data architecture design , software product evaluation and buy vs. build recommendations.
Develops methods to efficiently reuse existing components.
Responds to system users, evaluates software and system problems and potential solutions to application systems requirements.
Performs database analysis, codes and tests routines to ensure successful and seamless communication among the various IT systems and applications components.

Typically has 1+ years of programming/systems analysis experience with emphasis in applications and systems architectural design and development, database and middleware technologies.
Education Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
