This is a full-time position to provide project management and civil engineering assistance to the Civil Engineering and Transportation Planning& Engineering Practice Areas.

Essential Duties and Responsibilitiesinclude the following:
Prepare fee proposals/goal proposals for new projects.
Provide overall project management.
Delegate project assignments to engineers and technicians.
Manage budgets and schedules.
Perform engineering calculations in support of civil engineering design projects.
Coordinate AutoCAD drafting requirements in support of civil engineering design projects.
Coordinate with government agencies, client staff, and other professionals to obtain design information and approvals.
Prepare and route project related correspondence and record keeping.
Conduct periodic site visits to construction sites to monitor quality and progress of the work.
Write and edit construction specifications and engineering reports.
Tabulate bid items and calculate construction bid quantities from plans and specifications. Estimate construction costs.
Consistently exercise discretion and judgment in all work tasks.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications

To be successful in this position, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education and/or Experience

Minimum Baccalaureate degree from an ABET-accredited civil engineering program or the requisite years of progressive engineering experience and educational study, as prescribed by the local jurisdiction, to be eligible to take the Principles and Practice of Engineering exam and at least 6 years prior experience in construction or civil engineering field is required.

Certificates, Licenses, Registrations

Licensure as a Professional Engineer. Must have a valid driver’s license and a good driving record. Must be 18 years of age or older to be covered by DOWL’s vehicle insurance policy.

Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret scientific and technical journals. Ability to respond to inquiries or complaints from clients, co-workers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community. Ability to effectively present information to clients, co-workers, and the public.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with abstract and concrete variables.
Must be able to use Microsoft Word, Outlook, Excel, and Project software.
AutoCAD knowledge and experience is highly desirable.
Ability to prioritize special projects and daily workload to ensure that all work is completed in a timely and efficient manner.
Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical analysis, and fundamentals of geometry and trigonometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
Physical Demands and Work Environment

The physical demands and work environment described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

While performing the duties of this position, the employee is regularly required to sit. The employee is required to talk and hear. The employee is regularly required to stand; walk and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision and ability to adjust focus.

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

DOWL is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority, female, veteran, and disabled candidates are encouraged to apply.

Our company THRIVES ON DIFFERENCES! All we ask is that our employees and applicants continue to learn how to work better together. We believe in adjustment first, accommodation always. We believe that people come to work every day with positive intent.
