Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

We are looking for a senior developer to join the team supporting the Enterprise Data Technology Group. To be successful in this role, you will need an extensive background in ETL tools and relational databases, experience building complex data systems, and preferably experience with Customer experience analytics (Complaints, Survey etc). You will be working closely with business and technology partners to build and support the platform.

Responsibilities include:
Working as a senior developer providing technical guidance and consultation with developers and business partners.
Works closely with business team to participate in sprints, analyze requirements, performs complex data modelling, design code and develop/build technical solution.
Performs complex ETL coding using Informatica, database programming using Teradata and batch scheduling tools using Autosys and UNIX shell scripting.
Performs build, test and deploy. Utilizes advanced technologies and methods to integrate data systems and other existing platforms such as SharePoint and websites.
Develops new documentation and technical procedures.
Provides guidance and direction to less experienced staff in design, development and resolution of highly complex technical problems.
Assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported area and oversees creation of or updates to and testing of the business continuation plan. Ability to proactively recommend system efficiencies, processes and designs.
Ability to research and identify root cause of complex production issues; Support production processes
Prepare detailed specifications and ETL design documentation.
Market and communicate concepts and solutions
Will have production support responsibilities of the data processing applications. Collaborate with Enterprise Availability Office (EACO), Wholesale Service Level Management, System Admins, Middleware Support, DBAs, Developers and other stakeholders relevant to addressing production issues.

Required Qualifications
7+ years of application development and implementation experience
7+ years of data warehouse experience
7+ years of ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) Programming experience
5+ years of Informatica experience
5+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata
5 + years of experience gathering business requirements from various sources including end-users and stakeholders
5+ years of performance tuning experience
3+ years of experience leading the requirement design process with both technical and business partners
3+ years of application production support experience
Desired Qualifications
Good verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
A BS/BA degree or higher in information technology
Hadoop experience
Ability to work effectively in virtual environment where key team members and partners are in various time zones and locations
Knowledge and understanding of outsourcing vendors and in-house software development teams focused on data solutions
Knowledge and understanding of technology support: System including business requirement design or review, release management support, test script development and execution, and system issue resolution
Experience successfully escalating complex issues and tracking follow-through to completion
Experience with Waterfall and Agile project methodologies
3+ years of financial services experience
7+ years of Informatica experience
7+ years of Teradata experience
Street Address

NC-Charlotte: 300 S Brevard St - Charlotte, NC
CA-SF-Financial District: 333 Market St - San Francisco, CA
AZ-PHX-Northwest Phoenix: 2222 W Rose Garden Ln - Phoenix, AZ
AZ-Chandler: 2700 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ
MN-Minneapolis: 255 2nd Ave S - Minneapolis, MN

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
