You’re passionate about a zero-emissions future and want to build something special. You want to own your space but work with talented, like-minded people on important projects. The pace doesn’t scare you; it excites you. Quality and integrity matter to you.

We feel exactly the same way.

Drive Forward. Introduce yourself to us and let’s start a conversation.

We are on the lookout for a Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) Lead Engineer that will drive and deliver the next generation of on and off-road vehicles. In this position, you will set and manage vehicle geometric dimensioning and tolerancing to ensure all systems work in harmony while achieving tolerance specifications. As Nikola’s GD&T Leader, you will have an impact on GD&T aspects of the project, harmonizing engineering disciplines and resolving technical issues encountered while achieving business objectives. Throughout this entire project, you will have hands-on experience and broad influence with our vehicles while disrupting the status quo as we secure a zero-emissions future.

You will:
Definition and generation of GD&T specifications covering all Nikola vehicles
Support of vehicle integration, design reviews, and related documentation
Vehicle GD&T integration including understanding of design, analysis, validation, and development
Configuring and integrating GD&T vehicle systems with layout, packaging and assembly requirements
Applying industry - and experience-based standards and best practices to the design of Nikola vehicle portfolio
Utilize proven GD&T engineering principles to drive progress
Effectively collaborate with peers to drive progress and meet timelines
Work in plastics, structures, powertrain packaging, and vehicle assemblies
Work on an industry disruptive team changing how the roads, trails, and waterways are traveled
You bring:
A Mechanical Engineering degree and/or equivalent and relevant experience
10+ years’ experience in mechanical engineering and Geometric Dimensioning/Tolerancing is required
Familiarity with product data management systems (PDM) and Catia V5/V6
Automotive and/or marine vehicles experience, FD&T or FT&A experience a plus
Self-awareness regarding how your work impacts others
A sense of pride in treating the company and its resources as they were your own.
Ten or more years of related GD&T experience in vehicle development and design.
Experience in CAD with DMU and Tolerance Simulation applications, FD&T/FD&T with Model-Based Definition is highly desirable. (Preference for Catia V5/V6 experience)
Working understanding of the concept creation and execution of GD&T required to evaluate and improve 'clean sheet' engineering/design
Experience and understanding of project timeline for vehicle design, engineering, and test and development programs
Experience taking existing vehicle GD&T subsystem components and determining acceptability to new program requirements
Working knowledge of manufacturing and quality assurance topics
MS Office proficiency with strong Excel skills and intermediate Internet skills
Ability to work with multiple stakeholders and integrate an overall vehicle GD&T solution
Launch experience highly desirable
This position is not eligible for CPT or OPT.
