Sales Systems Engineer

A Systems Engineer (SE) is an outstanding individual who combines the communications skills to build strong professional relationships with the technical skills to develop compelling network solutions that seek customers’ business issues. The SE partners with an Account Manager to drive revenue growth for Juniper by delivering business success to our customers and partners.

Daily activities include direct customer & partner engagement; comprehensive discovery, information sharing & collaborative solution design; proposal development; solution demonstrations; proof-of-concept test design & execution. We also work collaboratively within Juniper to highlight emerging customer requirements & use cases, convey a competitive landscape, and coordinate with Juniper & partner professional services to ensure implementations meet or exceed customer expectations. Additionally, time is invested in technical, professional and leadership development through self-study and formal training.

If you have over-the-top technical aptitude and curiosity, if you can influence both technical & business stakeholders, if your interpersonal and high-impact presentation skills evoke passion and confidence, if you’re a born problem-solver that loves to get into the details and a burning desire to seek the hard problems in a fast-changing, ambitious industry, Juniper Networks is the place for you!

Position Specifics


This position is based in Arizona/Nevada region and supports a number of fast-growing large Enterprise customers. This team focuses on large scale Campus, Retail and Data Center Networks and represents full portfolio – Routing, Switching, Security and Cloud Solutions. This position reports into Systems Engineering Manager and approximately 30% travel is required.

Experience
A minimum of 5 years of experience as a pre-sales SE for a network vendor
Strong hands-on experience with Juniper solutions or equivalent
Experience crafting/building large scale data centers and IP/MPLS backbone networks.
JNCIE or equivalent helpful.
B.S. or M.S. in Electrical Engineering or Computer Science or equivalent desired
Required Skills
TCP/IP, MPLS, SPRING, RSVP, LDP, BGP, OSPF, ISIS, VPNs, QoS, IPv6
SDN, Contrail, OpenStack, Multi-Cloud Architectures
Layer 2 technologies, Spanning Tree, LAG, MC-LAG, Virtual Chassis
CLOS Architecture, HA Design Concepts, EVPN, VXLAN
NGFW, IPSEC-VPN, IDP
Virtualization, VMware, Containerization,
Automation, Python, Ansible, YANG
Packet-Optical, DWDM, OTN
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Juniper Networks is enrolled in E-Verify® and will be participating in E-Verify in addition to our Form I-9 process. www.dhs.gov/E-Verify
Juniper Networks is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
