Discover. A brighter future.

With Discover, you’ll have the chance to make a difference at one of the world’s leading digital banking and payments companies. From Day 1, you’ll do meaningful work you’re passionate about, with the support and resources you need for success. We value what makes each employee unique and provide a collaborative, team-based culture that gives everyone an opportunity to shine. Be the reason millions of people find a brighter financial future, while building the future you want, here at Discover.

Job Description


Responsible for operating, administering and managing the day to day operations of a large scale global mixed media network communications environment supporting mission critical customer applications. Serves in a tier 1/2 role that proactively monitors, analyzes alarm information, initiates corrective actions to promptly isolate issues, restore service, implements changes and provides analysis and consultation to peers.

This position is for 3rd shift. The typical hours will be 10:30 PM ET - 7:30 AM ET (7:30 PM PT - 4:30 AM PT)

Responsibilities:
Monitors the Data Network for performance degradation, connectivity issues, system events and alerts. Updates and manages tickets through resolution with vendors and internal support groups. Tests, analyzes, performs corrective actions and restores network equipment and services in a timely and accurate manner to eliminate/reduce application impact. Provides timely notifications to management/outage team and escalates tickets to appropriate internal and external management as needed.
Responds to engagements from the Command Centers and provide network analysis to determine network availability.
Creates and implements data network changes.
Performs Preventative Maintenance tasks and creates, maintains, updates NOC support documentation.
Mininum Qualificaitons:
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology
1+ years experience in Networking, IT, or related
In lieu of education, 2+ years in Information Technology, Computer Science, or related field
Preffered Qualifications:
Cisco Industry Certification - CCNA or higher, ITIL foundations, or related certification
#LI-SY1

What are you waiting for? Apply today!

The same way we treat our employees is how we treat all applicants – with respect. Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer (EEO is the law). We thrive on diversity & inclusion. You will be treated fairly throughout our recruiting process and without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status in consideration for a career at Discover.
