Innovate. Collaborate. Shine. Digital Lighthouse houses KPMG's specialized capabilities across the digital landscape: applied data science, AI, data engineering and insights, software engineering, automation, and big data. Here, you'll work with a sophisticated team of professionals to explore solutions for clients in a multiplatform environment. This means your ability to find answers is limited only by your creativity in leveraging a vast array of techniques and tools. Be a part of a high-energy, unique, fast-paced, and innovative culture that delivers with the agility of a tech startup and the backing of a leading global consulting firm. In this particular role, you'll work specifically in the AI Analytics & Engineering Community within the Digital Lighthouse, on a wide range of projects. From applied AI to optimization to big data platform engineering, your analytical and technical skills will drive real impact in the business world. So, bring your ingenuity and pioneering spirit to KPMG Digital Lighthouse.

KPMG is currently seeking a Sr. Associate Big Data Software Engineer to join our KPMG Lighthouse - Center of Excellence for Advanced Analytics.

Responsibilities:
Rapidly prototype, develop and optimize architectures to tackle the Big Data and Data Science needs for a variety of Fortune 1000 corporations and other major organizations; Guide an engineer team to develop modular code base to solve real world problems; Lead regular peer code reviews to ensure code quality and compliance following best practices in the industry
Research, experiment, and utilize leading Big Data methodologies (Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, and AWS) with cloud/on premise/hybrid hosting solutions; Architect, implement, and test data processing pipelines, and data mining/data science algorithms on a variety of hosted settings (AWS, Azure, GCP, client technology stacks, and KPMG's own clusters); Provide proficient documentation and operating guidance for users of all levels
Translate advanced business analytics problems into technical approaches that yield actionable recommendations across multiple and diverse domains; Communicate results and educate others through design and build of insightful visualizations, reports and presentations
Develop skills in capturing business requirement and translation, hypothesis-driven consulting, work stream and project management and client relationship development
Help drive the process for pursuing innovations, target solutions, and extendable platforms for Lighthouse, KPMG, and client; Participate in developing and presenting thought leadership, and assist in ensuring that the Lighthouse technology stack incorporates and is optimized for using specific technologies; Help promote the KPMG brand in the broader data analytics community
Lead/play the data engineering subject matter professional in the process for pursuing innovations, target solutions, and extendable platforms for Lighthouse, KPMG and client
Qualifications:
Minimum of four years of big data experience with multiple programming languages and technologies (at least two years related to professional services preferred); or PhD in related field
Bachelor's degree or Master's degree from an accredited college/university in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or related field
Experience in CI/CD processes and supportability; Experience with Docker and Kubernetes implementations. Openshift experience is preferred
Prior knowledge in microservices architecture with containerized deployment; Strong ability to rapidly ingest, transform, engineer, and visualize data for both ad-hoc and product-level (e.g., automated) data & analytics solutions; Market-leading fluency in several programming languages such as Python, Scala, or Java, with the ability to pick up new languages and technologies quickly; Understanding of cloud and distributed systems principles, including load balancing, networks, scaling, in-memory vs. disk; Experience with large-scale big data methods such as MapReduce, Hadoop, Spark, Hive, Impala, or Storm; Full-stack development capability is preferred; Proficiency in: mainstream cloud infrastructures (AWS, MS Azure and GCP; their D&A-related Microservices); and implementing data lake and serverless data lake. Solution certificates of AWS, MS Azure, or GCP is preferred
Ability to travel up to eighty percent of the time; Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future
KPMG LLP (the U.S. member firm of KPMG International) offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package. KPMG is an affirmative action-equal opportunity employer. KPMG complies with all applicable federal, state and local laws regarding recruitment and hiring. All qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. The attached link contains further information regarding the firm's compliance with federal, state and local recruitment and hiring laws. No phone calls or agencies please.
