Zoom is an award-winning workplace. We have been recognized by Comparably as #1 CEO, Company Happiness, Benefits, Compensation, Diversity, and more! Not to mention we've been awarded by Glassdoor as the 2nd Best US workplace & Best Large Company US CEO in 2018, Wealthfront, and Business Insider. Our culture focuses on delivering happiness, our commitment to transparency, and the tangible benefits we provide our employees and our customers.Zoom Video Communications (zoom.us) is the world leader in video conferencing and unified communications. Businesses turn to Zoom for video / web / phone / chat collaboration. Zoom is growing at an explosive pace, it's an awesome place to work, we have fun products, and we're looking for the best people to join us.Zoom app ecosystem aims to enable end-to-end and rich online experiences for business users and prosumers on Zoom platform. You will be among the Zoom platform engineering team responsible for designing, building, optimizing and deploying core services for the Zoom app ecosystem. In addition, you will have a unique opportunity to not only immerse in a full software development life cycle, but also build an exciting eco-system with our valued customers together.Responsibilities:* Work closely with cross-functional teams to translate high-level roadmap vision into feasible feature specifications and deliverables* Design and deliver customer facing features including proof-of-concept prototypes* Build complex metrics solutions with data visualization support for actionable business insights* Triage critical customer issues and provide technical guidance for customer engagementQualifications:* BS/MS (CS or related major preferred)* Minimum 5 years of full stack web application development, with expertise in either cloud infrastructure technologies (i.e. Microservices Architecture, RESTful APIs, AWS, NoSQL), or JS frameworks (i.e. React,, Angular.) in addition to HTML5 and CSS* Strong programming experience in Java or C++. Node.js a plus* Working knowledge of JS frameworks (i.e. React,, Angular, etc.) as well as responsive and adaptive web design principles* Familiar with other leading app marketplace or ecommerce platforms* Willing to learn, be proactive, and think creatively
