Department InformationThe Colorado Department of Revenue (CDOR) employs approximately 1,600 hard-working and dedicated employees throughout Colorado. We can be seen performing functions as varied as auditing and collecting taxes, issuing driver licenses and motor vehicle titles, marketing lottery products, and regulating liquor, gaming, horse racing, marijuana, and the auto industry in order to assist the citizens of our state.CDOR VisionTo empower businesses and individuals through quality customer service, innovation and collaboration.CDOR MissionTo become a trusted partner to every Coloradan to help them navigate the complexities of government so they can thrive.The Department of Revenue offers 10 paid holidays per year, paid vacation and sick leave, discounted RTD Eco-Pass, BenefitHub program (discounted merchandise, food and travel, etc), CafeWell, employee wellness program and a great benefit package.Description of JobThe Driver Control section exists to administer motor vehicle statutory requirements affecting driver's privileges, and to compile and house motor vehicle related data and documents through data entry, electronic imaging, and filing. The section also provides copies, reports, and information pertaining to motor vehicle data and documents upon request from law enforcement, governmental agencies, and the public.The Data Services Analyst position is responsible for enterprise system (DRIVES) information analysis, research, project implementation, process and project testing. Including assisting with compiling data and information for evaluation, creating reports pursuant to legislative requests, and detailing potential outcomes of legislative implementation in the DRIVES system. The position assists in all functions related to Driver Control section data reporting to internal and external stakeholders.System Management - responsible for DRIVES system management data analysis, database research, master file cleanup, quality control, and management of test screens to solve immediate and long-term problems. Prepares detailed analysis and supports management on system operating and security requirements. Facilitates the resolution of technical issues affecting data access, entry, or manipulation for the Driver Control Section partnering with OIT, Production Support Team, and the DRIVES Technical Support Team. Understands and supports the workflow process of new DRIVES proposals including detailed analysis of specifications. Researches and makes recommendations regarding system functionality, maintenance, and development. Monitors visual production status and metrics displays for accuracy and completion.Data Access / Exchange - responsible for assessments on metric/report validity, tests proposed fixes, and researches outcomes. Communicates with internal and external agencies, including Driver Portal (3PA) users, Interface partners, on projects evolving data exchange procedures that affect DRIVES operations. Validates and processes approved end-user agreements and assists in the management of ongoing access to DRIVES. Investigates causes for inaccuracies in the system data to determine their source; provides research and proposes solutions to prevent future inaccuracies. Supports the documentation of changes, additions or deletions for communication to all impacted end users. Trains end users on functionality of the interface or the Driver Services Portal in written communication or on the phone.Driver Control Reporting - responsible for DRIVES system reporting data on driver records, traffic records, driver restraints, and driver notification processes. Assists in the identification of required changes to DRIVES as a result of statutory, regulatory or policy changes, new AAMVA or industry standards, court cases, etc. Compiles data for reports for internal and external users. Gathers and compiles data for reports. Data-mine DRIVES system to determine new and useful reports. Conduct systematic analysis of performance measures to ensure metrics reported daily/weekly/monthly are both correct and an accurate representation of productivity.Minimum Qualifications, Substitutions, Conditions of Employment & Appeal RightsMinimum Qualifications:Education and Experience:* Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in business, mathematics, statistical analysis, demography, research design and methodology, economics, information systems or in a field of study related to the work.AND* One year of professional experience in Research Analysis, and/or Database Administration (with reporting responsibilities), and/or Database Reporting (with data analysis responsibilities).Substitutions:* Additional appropriate experience will substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis.* Additional appropriate education will substitute for the required experience on a year-for-year basis.* Experience and how it relates to the minimum qualifications, preferred qualifications, and any necessary special requirements must be clearly documented in your application. Your submitted application materials will reviewed to determine the top group of applicants moving forward in the selection process. Resume and cover letter are required to be submitted along with your online-application.* "See Resume" statements will not be accepted in lieu of a complete application* Late submissions will not be accepted* Part-time experience will be proratedPREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS AND COMPETENCIES:* Advanced knowledge in Microsoft Excel including but not limited to Pivot Tables and macros.* Experience with data research, data analysis, data collection and data management methodologies.* Experience extracting and compiling data for creation of ad hoc reports.* Experience maintaining and providing recommendations for process improvements on data management programs.* Knowledge of predictive analytical models* Knowledge of Microsoft Access* Knowledge of relational databasesCDOR Special Requirements* All employees must be current with their income tax filings and payments with the State of Colorado. This includes successfully passing a pre-employment evaluation of your tax records/accounts.* Employees are in a position of public trust in the performance of their job duties and must operate in a manner that maintains the highest standards of honesty, integrity, and public confidence. All job finalists require successful completion of a background investigation and reference check prior to appointment. Background checks may include national criminal, financial, traffic, civil, education, and/or experience checks or any other checks related to the job assignment. Fingerprint background checks and pre-employment drug testing may also be required for some positions.Appeal RightsIf you receive notice that you have been eliminated from consideration for the position, you may protest the action by filing an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the date you receive notice of the elimination.Also, if you wish to challenge the selection and comparative analysis process, you may file an appeal with the State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director within 10 days from the receipt of notice or knowledge of the action you are challenging.Refer to Chapters 4 and 8 of the State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures, 4 CCR 801, for more information about the appeals process. The State Personnel Board Rules and Personnel Director's Administrative Procedures are available at www.colorado.gov/spb.A standard appeal form is available at: www.colorado.gov/spb. If you appeal, your appeal must be submitted in writing on the official appeal form, signed by you or your representative, and received at the following address within 10 days of your receipt of notice or knowledge of the action: Colorado State Personnel Board/State Personnel Director, Attn: Appeals Processing, 1525 Sherman Street, 4th Floor, Denver, CO 80203. Fax: 303-866-5038. Phone: 303-866-3300. The ten-day deadline and these appeal procedures also apply to all charges of discrimination.EQUITY, DIVERSITY, and INCLUSION COMPLIANCEThe State of Colorado believes that equity, diversity, and inclusion drive our success, and we encourage candidates from all identities, backgrounds, and abilities to apply. The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer committed to building inclusive, innovative work environments with employees who reflect our communities and enthusiastically serve them. Therefore, in all aspects of the employment process, we provide employment Guidelines for EDI Compliance for Job Announcements in CO-Jobs Prepared by: Department of Personnel & Administration Division of Human Resources, Consulting Services Page 1 of 3 January 29, 2020 opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy, medical condition related to pregnancy, creed, ancestry, national origin, marital status, genetic information, or military status (with preference given to military veterans), or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law.The Colorado Department of Revenue is committed to the full inclusion of all qualified individuals. As part of this commitment, our agency will assist individuals who have a disability with any reasonable accommodation requests related to employment, including completing the application process, interviewing, completing any pre-employment testing, participating in the employee selection process, and/or to perform essential job functions where the requested accommodation does not impose an undue hardship. If you have a disability and require reasonable accommodation to ensure you have a positive experience applying or interviewing for this position, please direct your inquiries to our ADAAA Coordinator, Jacqueline Brown-Tremble at jacqueline.brown-tremble@state.co.usSupplemental InformationE-MAIL ADDRESS:All correspondence regarding your status in the selection/examination process will be conducted via e-mail. Include a working email address on your application; one that is checked often as time sensitive correspondence such as exam information or notification will take place via email. Please set up your e-mail to accept messages from "state.co.us" and "info@governmentjobs.com" addresses. It is your responsibility to ensure that your email will accept these notices and/or review your junk mail and spam filtered email.APPLICANT CHECKLIST:Only complete applications submitted by the closing date for this announcement will be given consideration. Failure to submit properly completed documents by the closing date of this announcement may result in your application being rejected.Complete Applications must include the following documents:1) A complete CDOR Application for Announced Vacancy (Submit online using the link in this announcement)2) A complete Supplemental Questionnaire (Submit online as part of your application)3) A chronological resume (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted)4) A Cover Letter with a Written Narrative. The written narrative should describe your interest in this position and specifically how your education, abilities, skills and experience relate to the requirements, responsibilities and competencies listed in the job announcement. (Attach to your online application, late submissions will not be accepted)MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS AND COMPARATIVE ANALYSIS:Part of, or the entire comparative analysis for this position, may involve a review of the information submitted in the application material, including the answers to the supplemental questions. Therefore, it is paramount that in the experience portion of the application, the applicant describes the extent to which they possess the education, experience, competencies and background as they relate to the duties outlined in the job announcement, as well as the special and/or preferred qualifications. List your employment history starting with the most recent job, including part-time, temporary, and volunteer jobs. If more than one job was held with a given organization, list each job held as a separate period of employment. Under "Duties," describe clearly the tasks you performed and the nature of your supervisory, technical, or other responsibilities as they relate to the job for which you are applying. Be complete and specific in detailing of duties. Information must be accurate, including dates of employment. If it is found that information provided is falsified, you will not be considered for a job with the State of Colorado and/or may be removed from a job after hire. Failure to include adequate information or follow instructions may affect the applicant's score and/or prevent them from competing in any subsequent measures used to arrive at a top group of applicants. Factors to be assessed are those outlined in the requirements, competencies, and preferred qualifications.Years will be expressed in terms of full-time equivalent service with full-time workload equal to one (1) Full-Time Equivalent (FTE) year. No more than 1.00 FTE year may be credited in any twelve (12) month period. Positions working 40 hours or less per week will be pro-rated (30 hrs/wk=0.75 FTE=9 mos credit; 20 hrs/wk=0.5 FTE=6 mos credit; 10 hrs/wk=0.25 FTE=3 mos credit)The State of Colorado is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to building work environments that are inclusive and reflect our communities and the diverse talents of all people. We strongly encourage candidates from all backgrounds and abilities to apply.HOW TO APPLY: Thank you for your interest. Submit an on-line application by clicking the link below or submit a State of Colorado Application for Announced Vacancy and all supplemental questions according to the instructions provided below. Failure to submit a complete and timely application may result in the rejection of your application. Applicants are responsible for ensuring that application materials are received by the appropriate Human Resources office before the closing date and time listed above.TRANSCRIPTS REQUIRED: An unofficial copy of transcripts must be submitted at the time of application. Transcripts from colleges or universities outside the United States must be assessed for U.S. equivalency by a NACES educational credential evaluation service. This documentation is the responsibility of the applicant and must be included as part of your application materials. Failure to provide a transcript or credential evaluation report may result in your application being rejected and you will not be able to continue in the selection process for this announcement.
