Job Description

The mission of Intel's Emerging Growth and Incubation (EGI) team is to create an environment to identify new opportunities for innovation and disruptive technologies as a path to create new markets and new organizational capabilities leveraging Intel's competitive advantages. This innovative environment and start-up-oriented culture is a critical engine for Intel's future growth.

Borne out of EGI, Comm-Verse is a team of innovators using cutting edge AI to develop an innovative communication tool. Achieve your career best with a newly formed internal venture where you will be working in a dynamic start-up environment.

We are seeking a Natural Language Processing enthusiast with a history of contributions to commercial or academic NLP project. Builds machine learning based products/solutions, which provide descriptive, diagnostic, predictive, or prescriptive models based on data. Uses or develops machine learning algorithms, such as supervised and unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, Bayesian analysis and others, to solve applied problems in various disciplines such as Neural Machine Translation and sequence to sequence modeling. Interacts with users to define requirements for breakthrough product/solutions. In either research environments or specific product environments, utilizes current programming methodologies to translate machine learning models and data processing methods into software. Completes programming, testing, debugging, documentation and/or deployment of the solution/products. Engineers Big Data computing frameworks, data modeling and other relevant software tools.

Responsibilities:
Work with the Co-Founders in a dynamically fast paced environment.
Work in a dynamic start-up environment where hands-on execution is a must.
Train AI models with broad product impact
English fluency is required.
Follow cutting edge AI research and provide strategic guidance to shape definition of an AI for good product.
Enjoy mind-blowing teamwork and collaborate with a lean and highly efficient team
Contribute to a big data project with a multi-modal solution
Design, implement, and maintain visual and natural language processing models such as transformer-based solutions
Responsible for overall architecture of deep learning models designed for the project
Qualifications

Education:
B.S with 5+ years' experience or Graduate degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or related areas and 3+ years experience.
Minimum Qualifications:
5+ years of experience with Coding skills in Python and/or C/C++ and/or TensorFlow/PyTorch with dand-on experience preferred.
3+ years of experience coding models that implement natural language translation, sequence to sequence deep learning models, and statistical modeling.
Verifiable 5+ years of experience with large vocabulary NLP systems
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience implementing and designing attention-based or transformer-based modeling (e.g. BERT like model or any other sequence to sequence based modeling)
Expertise with Encoder/Decoder architecture
One or two record or publication in NLP domain
Inside this Business Group

Emerging Growth Incubation (EGI) Group is responsible for creating an environment within Intel to generate new billion-dollar businesses leveraging Intel's competitive advantages. We focus on new business opportunities and identify, incubate and scale the next "big thing" for Intel.

Other Locations

US, California, Folsom;US, California, Santa Clara;US, Oregon, Hillsboro

Posting Statement

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, military and veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender, gender expression, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by local law, regulation, or ordinance....
