Your Opportunity


The Data OS (also known as "DOS") Platform Team is seeking a passionate Engineering Manager to lead a team building tooling around our data warehouse and processing infrastructure, in partnership with our Infrastructure and Analytics teams. Tooling will enable analysts and data integration engineers around the company to access and transform our datasets for their needs in a self-service, scalable, safe, and performant manner.

What You’ll Do


Together, we will build and lead a new team of engineers through team formation, chartering, and execution. Our new Engineering Manager values career development and will propel the team forward by facilitating constructive discussions about project progress, process improvements, mentorship, and general job happiness. Proficient in software design principles and able to give advice on systems architecture, you will represent technical decisions your team makes to broader, diverse audiences.

Our teams are based out of SF and Portland, and are excited to also consider a remote Engineering Manager who can work West Coast hours out of their home office and has >1 year of proven success leading a team remotely.

Please include a short cover letter, telling us why you’re interested in this position and why you think we should work together.

Your Qualifications


Must-have:
2-3 years of engineering management, leading high-achievement team(s). Explain to us the why/what/how!
4+ years as an engineer or architect in a production software engineering team. Strong understanding of software architecture, OO design patterns, and test automation methodologies.
Passion for developing engineers through new skills assignments, career advancement, and performance conversations.
Positive relationship with Product Management and Design teams, balancing business priorities with the needs of your team and their systems.
Instinctively look to data to drive decision-making to back-up your team’s results.
Strong focus on understanding customers, through face-to-face interaction as well as through data.
Nice-to-have:
Worked on or led a modern data warehouse or data processing team.
Experience working with operational partners such as PeopleOps, Finance, and/or Business Applications.
Background in statistical data analysis.
Please note that visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Our Office


Our office is in the tech-rich urban center of San Francisco, with easy commute access and a plethora of good eats. We provide competitive compensation, equity and big-company benefits (medical, dental, etc.)—all while maintaining the energy, agility, and fun of a start-up.

About Us


New Relic (NYSE: NEWR) is the industry’s largest and most comprehensive cloud-based instrumentation platform built to create more perfect software. The world’s best software and DevOps teams rely on New Relic to move faster, make better decisions and create best-in-class digital experiences. If you run software, you need to run New Relic. We’re proudly trusted by more than 50% of the Fortune 100.

Founded in 2008, we’re a global company focused on building a culture where all employees feel a deep sense of belonging, where every ‘Relic’ can bring their whole self to work and feel supported and empowered to thrive. We’re consistently recognized as a distinguished employer and are committed to building world-class products and an award winning culture. For more information, visit newrelic.com.

Our Hiring Process


In compliance with applicable law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work and to complete employment eligibility verification. Note: Our stewardship of the data of thousands of customers means that a criminal background check is required to join New Relic.

We will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records based on individual circumstances and in accordance with applicable law including, but not limited to, the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. https://sfgov.org/olse/sites/default/files/Document/FCO%20Poster%20Set%20All%20Languages%2010%2001%2018.pdf

Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this website or directly to managers. New Relic does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes, and will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with New Relic.

New Relic is an equal opportunity employer. We eagerly seek applicants of diverse background and hire without regard to race, color, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, physical abilities (or disability), age, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Interested in the details of our privacy policy? Read more here: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/applicant-privacy-policy
