Company overview:

Conveyor Solutions has been a leader in the Material handling industry for over 23 years. From industry-leading storage innovations to system integration, to conveyor system solutions, and much more. Conveyor Solutions employs innovative material handling solutions, from concept to implementation to completion.

We are currently looking for a Senior Sales Engineer to join our Chicagoland Direct Sales Team!

Core Values:

We at Conveyor Solutions live by a core set of beliefs and principles that we define as our Core Values. Our Core Values are the foundation in all we do. This is especially true as we add team members to our growing family to ensure they exemplify the Systems in Motion Core Values, which are:
Integrity
Optimistic and Growth Oriented
Make it Happen
Passionate and Enthusiastic
Own It
Creative Problem Solver
Sales Engineer Responsibilities:
Develop and maintain annual sales plan. Present sales plan to Sales Manager and manage daily efforts toward plan.
Understand existing customers organizational structure develop strong relationships within all corporate levels including executive, operations, engineering, purchasing, and maintenance.
Prospect and qualify leads by contacting and cultivating relationships with key decision makers, focusing on business development opportunities utilizing material handling solutions.
Demonstrate industry techniques and knowledge of best business practice by applying innovative material handling principles, theories, and concepts.
Customize solutions to increase the customers overall profitability, productivity, and safety by gathering data, analyzing information, and solving problems. Evaluates concepts and recommends best solution. Use evaluation techniques ranging from simple pro and con comparisons to ROI calculations. Use drawings to facilitate concept understanding.
Develop proposals that include technical and functional descriptions, spreadsheets, drawings, and material flow diagrams. Improve gross margins through pricing, perceived market value, and product/service mix. Presents proposals to clients.
Follow-up on all proposals, negotiate improved financial and contractual concepts until deal is closed. Identify technical and commercial risks for customer and CSI, provide mitigating solutions.
Process orders and inform customers of project status (includes shipping, installation, start-up, final payment, etc.)
Prepare and perform client presentations articulating the value proposition of product, solution, and service offerings.
Create repeat customers and provide the highest level of customer service and support.
Offer customers after sales service and preventive maintenance plans.
Utilize a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) tool to track the sales cycle.
Majority of travel to be local, minimal overnight travel required.
Sales Engineer Requirements:
Minimum 4 years of Material Handling experience
Minimum of 4 years of Outside Sales experience
Bachelors degree in engineering or related field/program
Understanding customer organizational structure to develop strong relationships within all corporate levels including executive, operations, engineering, purchasing and maintenance
Demonstrate industry techniques and knowledge of best business practices by applying innovative material handling principles, theories, and concepts
Sales Engineer Compensation
Initial base salary plus commission, $70k-$90k based on experience
Compensation will transition to full commission with a monthly draw to maximize earnings
Full-time employment
Health, dental and vision plan
Retirement plan (401k)
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Parental Leave
Professional training and development
_Indeed Hire and Conveyor Solutions, Inc. are working together to find the best candidate for this job. _

*By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.*

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $70,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Material Handling: 4 years (Required)
Outside Sales: 4 years (Required)
automated handling material system / conveyor : 1 year (Required)
industry techniques and knowledge of material handling principles: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
