MUST HAVE REQUIREMENT prior experience with Dell servers (PowerEdge servers). Will be onsite with Dell's client, so strong professionalism and customer service skills. bull AmEx has gone from 0 to 400 Dell servers in a year. Since the Dell equipment is new to them, they don't know it or understand the tools and how they integrate, so they are frustrated with the level of support and want a resource onsite in each data center. bull Resources will be an extension of AmEx's Server Team. bull Resources will be doing the original server install, but the role will also involve ongoing server support and troubleshooting - including maintenance to call in any new parts system management with Dell's tools (i.e. OpenManage and SupportAssist) etc. bullbull Candidates need experience with current Dell PowerEdge generation servers, not Dell Blade servers. -- AmEx is buying Rack Servers - mostly Generation 14 servers - 640, 740, 840, 940 they do have some Gen 13 servers as well. bullbull Candidates need experience with rack server management, configuration, troubleshooting. -- A candidate who is "TechDirect certified" would be a huge plus. Candidates will end up getting certified if they aren't already. bullbull Candidates need experience with Dell EMC OpenManage Essentials - and Enterprise is the newer version of the tool AmEx is likely going to. -- Repository Manager - add on to OpenManage - helps with inventory and patches systems in large groups. bullbull Candidates need to have familiarity with upgrading systems in terms of firmware, BIOS, etc. to meet AmEx's standards. --- Step 1 plug a cable into the server --- Step 2 configure and update iDRAC - life-cycle controller that goes onto a Dell server that allows for monitoring, management, etc. - allows for remote deployments deploying operating systems, adjusting code level, etchellip bullbull Candidates need experience with Dell's SupportAssist technology ("phone home technology") and how systems monitor Dell servers. bullbull Candidates need experience working with the customer on change management. Resources will not be working more than 40 hours per week, but hoursdays will need to be flexible based on schedule and customer requirements. This is not a day-time job only resources will be working in a production environment in the data center where some changes have to occur off-hours. Staging equipment can be done during the regular work-day, but as an example, hard-drive or motherboard replacements have to be done off-hours. When work can be done via VPN, remote work is acceptable.
