The Red River Data Center Partner Engineer resource is tasked with attaining and maintaining knowledge of all NetApp products, complementary partners, competitors, key differentiators, and value statements. Operating at the direction of the Red River Office of the CTO the core responsibilities of this resource include:
Completing NetApp training and certifications
Working closely with Red River sales engineers to assist with customer engagements
Providing technical content for solicitation responses such as government RFx's and Statements of Work
Contributing to the development and implementation of marketing activities
Maintaining expertise/certification on products, programs, and competition
Support Red River partner team with maintaining compliance NetApp partner program
Working with Account Executives to deliver customer calls/presentations/demonstrations.
Acting as a resource for sales teams to answer questions about NetApp technical capabilities.
Support bill of material development
Assisting in training Red River sales teams on NetApp Products and Programs.
Support the development of NetApp product demonstrations in the Red River innovation lab
Staying up to date on general technology trends in the market.
Other business duties as assigned
Minimum Education/Certification/Experience Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree preferred
(2) years of work experience
(1) years of technical customer service, technical implementation, and / or presales engineering experience
Must be a U.S. citizen
Essential Elements (Mental; Physical; Equipment used):
This position requires the ability to continuously communicate with co-workers throughout the day utilizing Red River approved and/or provided communication tools and equipment.
Special Requirements (travel):
This candidate will operate remotely with 50% travel to customer and partner sites in the DC area

Candidates for the job should possess excellent organizational skills as well as the ability to efficiently multi-task. Ideal candidates have a strong focus on day-to-day operational excellence, and a personal style that builds trust, and inspires loyalty. The candidate should be motivated, proactive, be able to learn and adapt quickly.

Established in 1995, Red River delivers information technology solutions to a worldwide military and civilian customer base and the New England enterprise market including healthcare, financial services and education customers. Red River is ranked the 5th fastest growing company in NH by Business NH Magazine and has demonstrated consistent year over year revenue and employee growth since its inception. With corporate offices in Claremont, NH, Red River has satellite offices in Virginia, Texas and California.

EOE M/F/DISABLED/Vet

Red River is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions without regard to race, gender, disability or protected veteran status.

Red River offers a competitive salary, excellent benefits and an exceptional work environment. If you are ready to join a growing company, please submit your resume and cover letter (required).
