At Aegis you will join the finest project controls company in the USA and work on important projects where you can make a difference. At Aegis we focus on only one thing, providing the finest project controls services in the world. We’re committed to providing our clients with top-notch professionals to help keep construction projects on-time and on-budget. Founded over a decade ago, we’ve grown into one of the nation’s leading project controls companies. Aegis is headquartered in Silver Spring, MD, just outside of Washington, DC with offices through the Unites States and Europe.

We are committed to the success of all of our staff. Whether you are straight out of college, or a seasoned worker, we’ll provide you the training and tools to be the top project controls professional in the industry. Recent college graduates join our team to learn the “Aegis way” and evolve into trusted senior staff. Experienced construction professionals join our team because they know their experience and ideas are valued at Aegis.

The Project Controls Engineer will provide project support and expertise within our construction consulting practice. This position will work with an internal team of professionals along with client project managers, construction professionals, and project stakeholders, to develop, manage and monitor Critical Path Method (CPM) schedules and project control systems throughout a project's life-cycle.

General responsibilities include:
Development, maintenance, and monitoring of construction CPM Schedule(s).
Review project documents and specifications to accurately develop baseline schedules which include all required dates, activities and milestones.
Perform progress schedule updates to include comprehensive reporting and narratives.
Cost & resource management and reporting.
Progress payment application reporting.
Identification and evaluation of risk and impacts within project schedules.
Participate in meetings with project teams, clients, owners and various stakeholders related to the project controls and schedule of a particular project.

Requirements:
8 years of experience in project controls and CPM scheduling within the vertical construction industry (For example, high-rises, apartment buildings, airports, data centers.)
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or related field.
Proficiency in Oracle Primavera P6
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite
Experience developing construction project schedules
PMI-SP certification preferred (PMI)
PSP certification preferred (AACEI)
We are fully committed to our remarkable staff at Aegis. We show our appreciation with an excellent benefits plan, six-month review cycles, training and plentiful opportunities to engage with other Aegonians in non-work settings.

Aegis is an equal opportunity employer and all applicants will be considered. Please find out more about us at https://www.consultaegis.com/
