Job Description US Tech Solutions is seeking a ldquoData Engineerrdquo for a 06+ Months Contract with a client in Philadelphia, PA Job Poster Akhil Kumar Description We are looking for a motivated Data Engineer who would help build data pipelines to ingest and transform the data into our Data platform (on-premcloud). Candidate are to be passionate about Python coding. Job Responsibilities Develop and enhance data pipelines, mostly batch (if necessary "streaming" processes) Apply best approaches for large scale data movement, capture data changes and apply incremental data load strategies. Build automated test pipelines to ensure data integrity and completion. Identify and improve current data pipelines through automation and optimization. Skills Understand and comply with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards. Support the integration of information security in the development, design, and implementation of Hospital Technology Resources that process, transmit, or store client information. Support all compliance activities related to state, federal regulatory requirements, healthcare accreditation standards, and all other applicable regulations that govern the use and disclosure of patient, financial, or other confidential information. General Basic knowledge on structured operational processes, conformance with SLAs, and metrics based reporting. Foundational knowledge in Change Control Mgt. processes Experience with process documentation and communication tools including MS Word, Project, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint. Basic experience and proven use of one or more of the subject areas listed below SQL and Database Knowledge ndash Understanding SQL, Relational and Multidimensional Databases and Designs Knowledge of relational database structures (tables, data types, data model schemas), SQL Syntax SQL Functions, develop Views and SQL Optimization Moderate experience and proven use of one or more of the subject areas listed below Tableau, Qliksense, Power PI, or any other data visualization application. Data Warehouse Support and Design CreatingMaintaining Tables, views, indexes Proficiency in appropriate Business IntelligenceData Warehousing technology or subject domain. Education Bachelorrsquos degree in computer related field required. 2-4 years of Business IntelligenceData Warehousing experience, preferably in an academic research (Administration) environment. Preferred experience 5+ years of experience with Python 3+ years of experience working with BigData platform, large and complex file types such as XML, JSON, AVRO, PARQUET, ORC etc., Should be comfortable using SQL, Git, JIRA, Docker, CICD for testingdeployment. About US Tech Solutions Your talent, our opportunities - This is the premise behind US Tech Solutions. You have the skill we have the opportunity. As a team, we work passionately for you to get the right career opportunity across industry verticals and functions. For past sixteen years, leading Global Companies and Fortune 500 come to us to get the right talent. Whether you want to work as full-time, contractor or part-time, technical or non-technical our talent consultants will connect with the right career opportunity globally. Connect with our talent team today. USTECH was founded in 2000 by Manoj Agarwal. Today, we are a global firm offering talent solutions to 150 customers including 20 of Fortune 500 across Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Aerospace, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Technology, Manufacturing, and Engineering. We are headquartered in New Jersey with 40 global locations across the USA, Canada, Europe, and India. Deloitte has recognized USTECH as one of the fastest growing private businesses for the past five consecutive years and INC 500 for the past three. We have also been rated ldquoThe Top Business in the US" by Diversity Business since 2011. To learn more about how US Tech Solutions visit our website www.ustechsolutions.com. ldquoUS Tech is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and ldquos all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply." Apply Interested candidates are requested to send their resume to Akhil at AkhilKustechsolutionsinc.com
