Job Description
Position: SQL Data Engineer
Location: Philadelphia, PA
Job Type: Contract to Hire
Duration: 4 Months

Job Description
Exhibits the ability to assist in client requirements assessment, solution set designs, coding, testing and implementation.
Demonstrates advanced SQL knowledge, relational and multidimensional models, and business intelligence delivery tools.
Demonstrates the ability to modify existing architecture to solve complex problems.
Recommends and establishes conventions and standards for all technical areas related to data storage, transformation and aggregations.
Participates in selection of new technologies, and consults on requirements.
Acts as a technical escalation point or SME for a particular aspect of the environment, assisting with complex problems and solutions.
Has an advanced understanding of technical environment and integration points, including all software, hardware, and supporting environments.
Demonstrates basic knowledge of project management concepts and may act as an implementation lead for department initiatives.
Demonstrates the ability in creating detailed documentation, including project plans, requirements status reports and operations documentation.
Exhibits ability to clearly articulate problems, issues, requirements and potential solutions to team members and clients.
Works with analysts to identify and understand source data systems
Demonstrates the ability to serve as a resource to cross- functional work teams
Exhibits the ability to guide associate Information Architects and provide teaching support to clients, Operations, and Help Desk as needed.
Knowledgeable in Research Administration (Finance, Pre/Post Award, Compliance) workflow including Project Accounting, Time & Effort & supported technologies
Skills
Information Security Requirements
Understand and comply with all enterprise and IS departmental information security policies, procedures and standards.
Support the integration of information security in the development, design, and implementation of Hospital Technology Resources that process, transmit, or store information.
Support all compliance activities related to state, federal regulatory requirements, healthcare accreditation standards, and all other applicable regulations that govern the use and disclosure of patient, financial, or other confidential information.
General
Experience in the development or implementation of structured operational processes, conformance with SLAs, and metrics based reporting.
Intermediate knowledge in Change Control Mgt. processes
Experience with process documentation and communication tools including MS Word, Project, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint.
Moderate to advanced experience and proven use of one or more of the subject areas listed below:
SQL and Database Knowledge – Understanding SQL, Relational and Multidemensional Databases and Designs
Knowledge of relational database structures (tables, data types, data model schemas), SQL Syntax & SQL Functions, develop Views and SQL Optimization
Analytics
Cube dimensions (creating/maintaining translations, attribute relations, hierarchies)
Dimension usage: reference dimensions, many to many relationships, fact relationships, role-playing relationships granularity
Creating and maintaining data source views and reporting models
Hypothesis development, design test/experiments, & developing actionable recommendations
Statistical modeling techniques (logistic regression, log linear regression, etc...)
Advanced experience and proven use of one or more of the subject areas listed below:
Tableau, Qliksense, Power PI, or any other data visualization application.
Data Warehouse Support and Design
Creating/Maintaining Tables, views, & indexes
Education
Proficiency in appropriate Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing technology or subject domain.
Bachelor’ s degree in computer/Analytics/Data Science related field.
3-6 years of Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing experience, preferably in a healthcare & research environment.
