Software Engineer
Location


New Jersey, Camden

Job Code

32383

# of Openings

1

Apply Now

General Responsibilities:

Provides functional and technical solutions to support and enhance the Company’s HCM Cloud application including HR, Compensation, Benefits, Talent and Recruiting areas. Coordinates and participates in development of application fixes and enhancements by translating business requirements into technical requirements. Works with Oracle HCM support on the impact of quarterly patch releases and annual upgrades to ensure impacts to the platform have been regression tested. Develops technical solutions related to the interfaces between Oracle HCM and Subaru’s environment as well as third party vendors. Reviews user requests, incident tickets, business processes and application data, identifies deficiencies and proposes solutions to improve the platform’s stability and end user experiences. Accountable for project deliverables as per Subaru’s defined standards.

Duties include:
Provides support of the Company’s Oracle HCM Cloud application including HR, Compensation, Benefits, Talent and Recruiting areas by investigating and resolving matters using a combination of technical expertise and functional application and business knowledge.
Identifies opportunities and develops solutions for business process improvements.
Validates system requirements, both functional and technical, to support business processes and architectural needs.
Documents and provides information to business users and other support staff to support project objectives, application changes, training and reference materials.
Works with internal and external project managers and teams, programming engineers, business partners, external SaaS vendors, QA teams and project leads to determine programming tasks, establish estimates and schedule requirements.
Facilitate ticket resolution with various SaaS vendors.
Provide back-up support of the Company’s Learning Management Solution on an as-needed basis.
Ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced environment.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related degree
6+ years of experience in a software development position.
Must have excellent verbal and written communication, and people skills.
High level of discretion required given sensitive nature of information contained in the platform.
Skills:
Strong experience with PL/SQL including creation and modification of views, tables, functions, and procedures using tools such as SQL Navigator.
General understanding and experience with XML.
General understanding and experience with HTML and CSS.
Experience supporting similar HCM platform. People Soft, Workday, ADP, etc are comparable platforms.
Must be a self-starter, able to work independently and take initiative to find solutions for business requirements.
Has the experience and technical skills necessary to participate in the development and maintenance of business systems using the Company’s SDLC methodology.
