Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

Wells Fargo Enterprise Technology is looking for an experienced Software Automation Engineer who can engage with technology vendors, partner with internal customers and work across the full technology stack to define & lead future designs that will scale and modernize the Wells Fargo compute environment. The right person must be comfortable being at the forefront of a rapidly innovative automation landscape and have the experience to operate across the enterprise. The successful candidate will have a mix of skills with some proficiency in coding, automation, x86 hardware and operating systems. He/she should have previous experience automating delivery of software and configuration to multiple infrastructure destinations, specifically experience with infrastructure running Red Hat Enterprise Linux and experience with automation tools like Ansible, Jenkins, Puppet, Chef, Go, Docker, etc. The engineering function has ownership for build and certification of hardware, firmware, operating system and layered system software products for the enterprise with a heavy focus on automation for currency and compliance. This engineer will be involved in automating fully software defined datacenters, middleware and other application stacks, configuration drift, patching, vulnerability management, and reporting. The ideal candidate will be a forward thinker, passionate technologist and expert in modern automation and x86 technologies.

Position Responsibilities:
Technical depth to define and implement next generation automation technologies
Domain expertise in server hardware and/or operating systems
Ability to mentor junior engineers and help grow emerging talent
Technical and personal skills to work cross-functionally with partners and peer engineers in datacenter, networking, storage and end user development organizations to design next generation automation solutions
Skills to drive major vendor engagement to more collaborative engagements for faster delivery of the newest technologies
Close alignment with Enterprise Architecture and Infrastructure Architecture and Engineering to ensure a compute strategy and road map is fully understood to keep a constant pipeline of POCs.
Required Qualifications
10+ years of operating systems analysis experience, operating systems engineering experience, or a combination of both
Desired Qualifications
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Other Desired Qualifications
BS Degree in Computer Science or a related field
Experience on developing including the following: Jenkins, Go, Docker, Python, Ansible, Git, API
Experience writing code or with complex scripting
Experience in developing and implementing SDLC pipeline
Experience in Windows Administration
Experience in Linux/Unix Administration
5+ years of operating systems analysis experience, operating systems engineering experience, automation experience or a combination
Solid understanding of X86 server architecture and sub-systems
Experience working directly with vendors
Working knowledge of Linux, Virtualization and Cloud technologies
Significant experience working with delivery into Data Centers
Experience working in Agile teams
Ability to work independently or as part of a cross-functional team
Executive level presence with excellent written, verbal, and presentation skills
Solid conflict management and decisions making skills
Planning and organizational skills
Relationship development or management experience
Experience working in a large enterprise environment
Experience navigating complex cross functional and matrixed team dynamics
Experience driving and leading organizational change in a dynamic environment
Experience in managing or participating in large-scale projects
Highly motivated, sell-assured, hands on
Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
