Site Name: USA - North Carolina - Research Triangle Park, USA - Pennsylvania - Philadelphia
Posted Date: Jun 3 2020

Are you looking to expand your expertise as a Data Engineer within a global environment that allows you to keep pace with the speed of change? At GSK, we are transforming how new technologies are used to improve performance across the organization.

Guided by our shared values, the platform team thrives in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. As a Data Engineer - Enterprise Data Analytics Platform you will be in a fast-paced and entrepreneurial environment where you will be handling multiple concurrent projects while working independently and in teams.

This role will provide YOU the opportunity to lead key activities to progress YOUR career, these responsibilities include some of the following
Develop sustainable data driven solutions with new data technologies to meet the needs of our organization and business customers
Build robust end-to-end systems with an eye on the long term maintenance and support of the application
Leverage reusable code modules to solve problems across the team and organization
Handle multiple functions / roles for the projects / Agile teams
Work with established standards across the team and organization
Understand complex multi-tier, multi-platform systems
Contribute to building a framework of a significant complexity
Work with internal team of data engineers (both full-time associates and/or third party resources)
Why you?
Basic Qualifications:


We are looking for professionals with these required skills to achieve our goals:
Bachelors Degree
3 years coding, or at least 3 years experience in data warehousing or at least 3 years in unstructured data environments
1 years experience in Azure cloud technologies Azure
1 years experience in big data technologies (Cassandra, , HBase, Spark, Hadoop, HDFS, AVRO, MongoDB, Zookeeper, or similar)
Preferred Qualifications:


If you have the following characteristics, it would be a plus:
Master's Degree in fields such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, related discipline or military experience
Agile experience is preferred
1+ years experience in Azure cloud technologies and other cloud data platform like AWS, MapR, Cloudera, Google Cloud
Comprehensive understanding of data ingestion and preparation processes. Experience in semantic data store (Azure SQL DW/Snowflake, Cosmos DB), PowerBI, Azure Databricks, Data Ingestion/Acquisition/Prep (Azure ADF, StreamSets, Talend) are desirable.
Experience building and operating in a regulated environment (GxP, Sarbanes-Oxley)
Experience with API and Microservices technologies/architecture
Understanding of IAM and authorization (RBAC and ABAC)
Understanding of container technologies (Docker/Kubernetes), streaming technologies (Kafka), and automated testing patterns and tools a plus
5+ years experience with NoSQL implementation (Mongo, Cassandra, etc. a plus)
5+ years experience developing Java based software solutions
5+ years experience in at least one scripting language (Python, Perl, JavaScript, Shell)
5+ years experience developing software solutions to solve complex business problems
5+ years experience with Relational Database Systems and SQL
5+ years experience designing, developing, and implementing ETL
5+ years experience with UNIX/Linux including basic commands and shell scripting
Familiarity with data science tools and concepts
Experience in industry, i.e. code committer, published, white paper, etc.
Why GSK?


Our values and expectations are at the heart of everything we do and form an important part of our culture.

These include Patient focus, Transparency, Respect, Integrity along with Courage, Accountability, Development, and Teamwork. As GSK focuses on our values and expectations and a culture of innovation, performance, and trust, the successful candidate will demonstrate the following capabilities:
Operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
Committed to delivering high quality results, overcoming challenges, focusing on what matters, execution.
Continuously looking for opportunities to learn, build skills and share learning.
Sustaining energy and well-being.
Building strong relationships and collaboration, honest and open conversations.
Budgeting and cost-consciousness.
If you require an accommodation or other assistance to apply for a job at GSK, please contact the GSK Service Centre at 1-877-694-7547 (US Toll Free) or +1 801 567 5155 (outside US).

GSK is an Equal Opportunity Employer and, in the US, we adhere to Affirmative Action principles. This ensures that all qualified applicants will receive equal consideration for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, pregnancy, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, age, disability, genetic information, military service, covered/protected veteran status or any other federal, state or local protected class.

Important notice to Employment businesses/ Agencies

GSK does not accept referrals from employment businesses and/or employment agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site. All employment businesses/agencies are required to contact GSK's commercial and general procurement/human resources department to obtain prior written authorization before referring any candidates to GSK. The obtaining of prior written authorization is a condition precedent to any agreement (verbal or written) between the employment business/ agency and GSK. In the absence of such written authorization being obtained any actions undertaken by the employment business/agency shall be deemed to have been performed without the consent or contractual agreement of GSK. GSK shall therefore not be liable for any fees arising from such actions or any fees arising from any referrals by employment businesses/agencies in respect of the vacancies posted on this site.

Please note that if you are a US Licensed Healthcare Professional or Healthcare Professional as defined by the laws of the state issuing your license, GSK may be required to capture and report expenses GSK incurs, on your behalf, in the event you are afforded an interview for employment. This capture of applicable transfers of value is necessary to ensure GSKs compliance to all federal and state US Transparency requirements. For more information, please visit GSKs Transparency Reporting For the Record site.
