Our client is looking for a senior Data Engineer/ Architect for a full time permanent role. This position can be 100% remote work from home. Our client is looking for a candidate to come in to be the senior member of this group.
There will be both hands on work building data models as well as interacting with the business.
Responsible for translating requirements from the business and being involved in the hands on work to make this happen.
This candidate will also be responsible for coaching more junior members of the team.
You will be relied upon to bring new ideas about big data, data analytics and insights and tools.
Required:
8+ years of experience in a data engineering/ architect role.
Strong experience with event streaming platforms.
Strong experience in Big Data and data analytics. (Hadoop or Kafka)
Must have experience with Cloud Data.
Must have experience with Python, Spark or Azure.
Find Us on Facebook!

Follow Us on Twitter!

Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Company Profile:

Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs.

Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles.

Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Life Sciences and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com.

We look forward to working with you.

Beacon Hill. Employing the Future
