Company DescriptionCapTech is a team of master builders, creators, and problem solvers who help clients grow efficient, successful businesses. We unite diverse skills and perspectives to transform how data, systems, and ingenuity enable each client to advance what's possible in a changing world.As perceptive partners, our U.S-based consultants find inspiration in the unknown and enjoy getting our hands dirty solving our clients' myriad of challenges. Across industries and business goals, we fuse technical depth and analytical prowess with creative savvy to move clients forward. This drive helps each organization use technology, management, and insight to turn ideas into action. Together, we create outcomes that exceed the expected - which is one of the reasons we've been on the Inc. 500/5000 list for over a decade.Job DescriptionData Engineers work in our Data & Analytics practice area at CapTech. Our DE consultants deliver Data, Pipeline, and Integration and solutions and services to our clients across many industries in support of crucial and diverse data strategies. Our consultants work to bridge the ever-evolving gap between value and technology for our clients. Through our core values of intellectual curiosity, enthusiasm, flexibility, servant leadership, and serving as trusted advisors, CapTech seeks to maintain the premier workplace and destination for technology consultants.Specific responsibilities for the Senior Data Engineer position include:* Develop data solutions using data storage, integration, and pipeline platforms such as HDFS, Spark, Hive, Impala, Cassandra, Informatica, Ab Initio, SQL Server, Oracle, Python, and Kafka* Design/develop data models and consolidate data into them of various types/formats from various sources* Optimize data solutions for the right mix of performance, reliability, and maintainability* Collaborate with Quality Assurance resources and systems administrators to debug code and ensure the timely delivery of products* Prepare documentation conveying design and support information* Convey complex technical information in a clear, concise manner to all levels of stakeholders, including executives, business users, IT, application developers, and customers* Participate in requirements gathering sessions with business and technical staff* Fully understand clients' business philosophies and IT Strategies. Recommend process improvements to increase efficiency and reliability of data solutionsQualificationsSpecific qualifications for the Senior Data Engineer, Analytics position include:* Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, or equivalent combination of education and experience preferred.* Strong SQL and Python skills* Experience optimizing data solutions for strong performance* Development experience with Hadoop and related platforms* Development experience with database platforms (Redshift, Snowflake, MS or Azure SQL, Teradata, Oracle, etc.)* Development experience building ETL graphs using the Ab Initio GDE, EME and Co-Operating system* Preferred - development experience with programming languages* Preferred - development experience with Unix tools and shell scripts preferred* Minimum of 5 years' experience designing, developing, and testing software aligned with defined requirements* Experience with version control (Git, TFS, JIRA, etc.) and test driven development* Exposure to Business Intelligence tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Qlik, Domo, Birst, Business Objects, SSRS, Cognos, MicroStrategy, etc.Additional InformationWe offer challenging and impactful jobs with professional career paths. All CapTechers can keep their hands-on technology no matter what position they hold. Our employees find their work exciting and rewarding in a culture filled with opportunities to have fun along the way.At CapTech we offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package including, but not limited to:* Competitive salary with performance-based bonus opportunities* Single and Family Health Insurance plans, including Dental coverage* Short-Term and Long-Term disability* Matching 401(k)* Competitive Paid Time Off* Training and Certification opportunities eligible for expense reimbursement* Team building and social activities* Mentor program to help you develop your careerCapTech is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a culture of equality, inclusion and fairness - each foundational to our core values. We strive to create a diverse environment where each employee is encouraged to bring their unique ideas, backgrounds and experiences to the workplace.Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for any employer directly (we are not open to contract or "corp to corp" agreements). At this time, CapTech cannot transfer nor sponsor a work visa for this position. Applicants must be authorized to work directly for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.CapTech is a Drug-Free work place.Candidates must have the ability to work at CapTech's client locations.All positions include the possibility of travel.CapTech has not contracted/does not contract with any outside vendors in its recruitment process. If you are interested in this position, please apply to CapTech directly.
