What We Do and Who We Are

Through thoughtful innovation, Listrak works to provide our clients with premier solutions that deliver results, allowing our customers to become industry leaders and our employees to find pride and passion in their work.

At Listrak, we believe that foundation is everything, so we strive to base our work around four core values: customers come first in everything we do, you can always count on us to do the right thing, people and team work are invaluable, and passion drives performance. These values are the heart of our business, so we are looking for team members who can help us live them out.

What We're Looking For

You should have…
Advanced Knowledge of Microsoft .NET framework, C#, VB.NET, ASP.NET, jQuery, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, XML as well as testing these technologies
4+ years professional development experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related work experience
An understanding of Agile Development Methodology (Scrum)
Proficient experience with MS SQL Server.
Experience with Visual Studio / TFS / Git or similar version control system
Working knowledge of Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, HDFS, HBase, Oozie, Impala, MongoDB or similar technologies a plus
You should be…

Able to understand and embrace our business strategy while maintaining excellent analytical/organizational and decision-making skills.

About the Job

As an Application Developer, you will work closely with the team to architect and develop new Listrak features while maintaining the stability and sustainability of the Listrak product and solutions. In addition to developer responsibilities, you will be responsible for in-depth troubleshooting and resolution of performance and stability issues in the production environment. You will also consult with the internal team to ensure applications are developed according to specifications in a Scrum environment.

What You'll Do

Application Developers architect and develop new Listrak features and enhancements, author and maintain clean, consistent, and elegant code to create scalable and reliable systems, and research emerging technologies and make recommendations to the development team.

You will analyze, troubleshoot, and resolve production system issues and defects and provide production support for the Listrak application and its subsystems. You'll constantly improve SCRUM task estimation accuracy / completion of tasks, do regular status updates to all assigned sprint tasks in daily stand-up meetings and maintain Scrum task progression in TFS on a daily basis.

Why Listrak?

Give Back

Wherever Listrak is, we strive to make a positive impact, and we love giving back to the communities we call home. By investing into local organizations, schools and events, we try to help cultivate a healthy community and equip youth for a changing workforce. Also, our Volunteer Time Off policy gives employees the opportunity to donate time to causes they're passionate about, despite the busyness of everyday life.

Eat Well

Our on-site culinary staff and barista keep our team energized with the sustenance they need to do their best. From burger day, to General Tso's, to warm chocolate chip cookies, The Hub does not disappoint.

Relax and Celebrate

At Listrak, there is always a reason to celebrate. We love to build workplace friendships through company-wide events, and employee wellness is a high priority. So, we keep our activities committee busy planning game day watch parties, after work yoga, holiday parties and so much more.

Stay Pawsitive

Having a rough day? You might just catch our co-founder's sweet golden retriever Maggie sniffing around your desk for treats or lounging in the lobby of our Lititz office. You can also destress on one of our Puppy Days by taking a few minutes to pet some adorable pups. Not a dog fan? Don't worry, each employee can see as much or as little of these furry visitors as they like.

Lead a Healthy Life

We offer a variety of benefits, plans and options to meet your individual needs for medical, dental and vision care. Our on-site fitness facility, company wellness programs and discounted gym memberships, as well as opportunities to learn and grow, create space for employees to nurture their minds and bodies.

At Listrak, we want you to feel well, eat well, and be well.

So, join our team! We can't wait to meet you.
