Job Description
Hello,
Greeting||

My client is looking for ML Data Scientist with AWS . Please let me know if you are available for this role.

Role -ML Engineer (Machine Learning)/Data Scientist with AWS

Location: Philadelphia, PA

Type: Contract

Duration: 6+ Months

Rate: Market

Immediate

These skills are critical

Experience on NLP or unstructured data sets

predominantly someone who has worked on AWS and the stack like XGboost, Sagemaker, AWS comprehend, OCR using Tessaract, NLP

Document classification, OCR.

Should have done API's

AWS Certification will be added plus

OCR (Optical character recognition)

API (Application program interface)

NLP (Natural Language Processing

Nice if they have worked with AWS API gateway, Elastic search, and XML.

JD IN DETAIL

Roles and responsibilities
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, loyalty targeting and other business outcomes.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Skills and Competencies

Key Technical / Business Skills:

Qualifying factors
Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (XGBoost, clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.
Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques.
Familiarity with the following software/tools:
Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: XGBoost, text mining, GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees,
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc.
Experience using AWS AI/ML, XG boost, AWS comprehend and Tesseract
Experience using web services, AWS API gateways, etc.
Key Competencies:
Excellent presentation and communication skills
Communicating insights to technical as well as non-technical audiences
Educational Requirement:
We are looking for someone with prior experience manipulating data sets and building models for document classification and OCR.
Certification in any of the above areas (e.g. AWS) would be a plus.
The candidate must be able to articulate and present insight into the working of relevant algorithms and models.
If you are interested, please send me your updated resume ASAP with below details:

Full Name :

Current Location (City, State) :

Contact Number :

E-Mail Id :

Skype id :

Visa/Work Permit Status :

Availability to join after Offer roll out/Notice Period :

Current Salary/Rate:

Rate Expected :

Can you relocate to job location :

Any family/house/weather related concern which can affect relocation preference:

Are you presently on any project (specify FTE/Contract with employer name) :

Best time to call (specify time-zone for interview purpose) :

Overall Experience :

Education Details (Degree/Passing Year/Name of University):

LinkedIn URL:

Looking forward to your response .

With Best Regards,
