Description:Looking for a career with purpose? One that challenges your mind, grows your skills and contributes to our Nations most critical missions? Do you pride yourself on solving problems that others think are impossible? If you answered yes to these questions, then we would like you to join Lockheed Martin SPACE's Software Systems, Cyber & Operations (S2CO) Team! We develop, deliver, and operate affordable engineering and sustainment solutions for commercial, military and intelligence users across the globe. These mission critical efforts include development of innovative enterprise, cloud and application-based solutions for mission management, command and control, collection orchestration and tasking, processing, data analysis and analytics along with premier operations and sustainment capabilities of space- based programs in support of national security.

Establishes functional and technical specifications and standards, solves hardware/software interface problems, defines input/output parameters, and ensures integration of the entire system or subsystem. Reviews, evaluates and derives requirements for testability, develops and directs preparation and execution of comprehensive test plans, procedures and schedules for complete systems and/or subsystems. Coordinates subsystem and/or system testing activities with programs and other organizations. Performs analysis of test results and prepares comprehensive subsystem and/or system level evaluation reports which verify and validate system performance at the Configuration Item level. Writes discrepancy reports and performs integration regression testing to verify/validate incorporated fixes to software, components, subsystems and systems.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

Ability to obtain a Top Secret Clearance required for this role.
Basic Qualifications:
This position is for a full-time college entry level spring/summer 2021 start date.

In order to provide ample time for the current government security process, we are excited to offer spring/summer 2021 full-time positions!

Acceptable degree programs will include only science and technology related programs such as Mathematics, Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Computer Engineering, Physics, etc.

Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information, including US Citizenship.
Desired Skills:
Understanding of Cloud infrastructure, software / hardware infrastructure, middleware, and SOA.
Strong problem solving skills. Strong communication skills. Strong team player.
Interest in at least one of these skill areas: requirements definition, con ops creation, and verification using DOORS, System Architect and ABD techniques.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
4 yr and up College
