Location: USA PA PhiladelphiaFull Part/Time: Full timeJob Req: RQ56887Type of Requisition:RegularClearance Level Must Currently Possess:NoneClearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:Interim SecretSuitability:No Suitability RequiredPublic Trust/Other Required:NoneJob Family:ProgrammingJob Description:Software EngineerThis position will design, modify, and test software supporting research and development efforts, machinery control systems, labs, and shore side support systems for US Navy ships. This position will require test support, documentation, configuration control, and analysis of failures for processes, deployed systems, software, and hardware. This position will support fielded systems on Naval surface vessels as well as models of deployed systems. This position will require working with software teams to distinguish root cause of failures, systems engineers to identify requirements and solutions at the lowest replaceable unit, and program managers and the fleet to identify optimal implementation of solutions. The candidate must be comfortable working with software in a variety of languages, operating systems, and environments. The candidate will also benefit from experience and understanding of electrical, computer, and mechanical equipment.Principal Duties/Responsibilities:1. Operate in a team environment to develop models, tools, applications, and support the life cycle of ship machinery and equipment in the field2. Implement software to automate or reduce the manual interaction required to support life cycle and sustainment needs for ship assets3. Develop tools and improve processes to respond to obsolescence issues and implement designs to avoid / mitigate future obsolescence risksBachelor of Science Degree in an engineering or computer science discipline - Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Software Engineering or Computer Science is required.1-2 years of experience directly related to systems testing and/or troubleshooting.1 year of experience with data Analysis using structured/unstructured data preferred.SKILLS AND ABILITIES:Essential Skills:The following skills are required:* Experience upgrading software off of legacy compilers and operating systems.* Experience with interfacing software with physical hardware.* Software engineer who can reengineer codes.Experience with the following technologies are required:* C#* C++* SQLThe following skills are nice to have:* Experience with TCP/IP communication/networking.* Experience with VME or VPX hardware.* Experience with control systems.* Experience with technology refresh process.Experience with the following technologies are nice to have:* Ada* MATLAB/Simulink* Wonderware (or other GUI experience)Travel:This position may require 5% travelSPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:* Successful applicants must either have an active government security clearance or the ability to receive approval upon position acceptance.* Must have a valid US passport or the ability to obtain one upon position acceptance.Scheduled Weekly Hours:40Travel Required:10-25%T elecommuting Options:Telecommuting Not AllowedWork Location:USA PA PhiladelphiaAdditional Work Locations:We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
