As a Software Engineer at NantHealth, you will have the opportunity to:
Work with development teams to maintain existing applications, develop and design new features, collaborate on new products and learn new technologies.
Figuring out ways to "find the bug" utilizing top-notch troubleshooting techniques and all the tools and systems available within the organization, and digging deep into code
Identifying root causes, proposing test cases and fixes, and developing new feature while working closely with rest of the Dev, QA and Project Management teams
Interacting daily with .Net C# and VB.net, SQL, HTML, JavaScript, Kendo/Telerik tools, jQuery and other technologies.
Develop existing technical skills along with a strong desire to interact with the QA team, engineers and project management on issues critical to the long-term success of the company.
Ability to enhance your career by learning new technical skills such as Vue.js, TypeScript .Net Core, Docker, REST, Kubernetes, Cloud Platforms
Manage multiple tasks of varying priorities at the same time and deliver assignments in a timely fashion.
What You Bring:
2 years' experience required with bachelor's degree
Excellent software development skills in object-oriented and web-based technologies (C#, VB.net, HTML5, JavaScript, jQuery, SQL) and a desire to learn new technologies like Vue.js, TypeScript etc.
Experience working with version control system like GIT and TFS.
Experience with relational database systems (SQL Server) as well as no-SQL data stores (MongoDB, Couchbase is very helpful.)
Experience building applications with modern software development best practices.
What We Bring
We offer competitive compensation, full benefits and some great perks. More importantly, we offer you the chance to work with a great team, focused on providing leading software-based solutions and services across a continuum of care.
Excellent benefits package including medical(HMO/PPO), dental, and vision, and a 401k with company matching so you can continue planning for financial wellness.
Flexible/Unlimited Style Paid Time Off with 11 Paid Holidays
Employee discounts on things like, mobile products and services, gym memberships, and a variety of additional entertainment options.
NantHealth , a member of the NantWorks ecosystem of companies, provides leading solutions across the continuum of care for physicians, payers, patients and biopharmaceutical organizations. We enable the use of cutting-edge data and technology toward the goals of empowering clinical decision support and improving patient outcomes.

Our comprehensive product portfolio combines the latest technology in payer/provider platforms that exchange information in near-real time (NaviNet and Eviti), and molecular profiling services that combine comprehensive DNA & RNA tumor-normal profiling with pharmacogenomics analysis (GPS Cancer®).
