Software Engineer – Robotic Product Development
Location


New Jersey - Moorestown

Employment Type


Fulltime-Regular

# of openings

3

Apply Now

Job Brief


Robotic Product Development

Software Engineer – Robotic Product Development

Position Summary

OPEX is a global leader in robotic warehouse automation system design, development, manufacturing, production, installation, and service. Our warehouse automation systems incorporate the latest mechanical, electrical, robotic and software technologies. We specialize in next generation goods-to-person (G2P), sortation, and warehouse control consulting & software. OPEX’s customers are among the largest e-commerce, consumer retail, cosmetic, pharmaceutical, and package delivery companies in the world. We offer a vibrant, collaborative, and entrepreneurial work environment with team members who care about producing quality products.

OPEX Corporation is currently looking for a full time Software Engineer to focus on Robotic Product Development to work at our World Headquarters in Moorestown, NJ. This position reports to the Software Engineering - Robotic Product Development Manager.

Responsibilities

The Software Engineer will be set up for success by teaming with Product Management and other engineers toward designing and creating best-in-class solutions for customers. This role will collaborate with all engineering disciplines, seek out their input, and strive for design consensus toward meeting product development goals. Early product development will be guided by the design and building of prototypes, proof-of-concept (POC), and minimal viable products (MVP) as defined by Product Management. The Software Engineer must be able to contribute to or lead the delivery of complex production-level designs for new products and support those new products through production and customer adoption. This role will also be expected to:
Research, design, develop and test software components and applications in a heterogeneous technology environment using knowledge of object oriented programming and tools of C/C++, Java, Javascript, and PostgreSQL database server.
Test, debug, troubleshoot and document code development; follow good source code hygiene and management.
Analyze user needs and software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time, cost and performance constraints.
Engage in problem definition, decomposition, and solutions definition within the scope of application and run-time environment.
Apply a holistic view of systems to understand how the hardware, networking, and middleware layers integrate with software components.
Present, discuss, and review engineering specifications & solutions in collaborative, cross-functional team environment.
For awarded programs, act as subject matter expert supporting development.
Conduct statistical analysis of test data to arrive at appropriate final design adjustments.
Define, document, and/or validate Bill of Materials (BOM).
Work with suppliers to develop solutions and processes while controlling costs.
Support in-house manufacturing, production and assembly departments from proof-of-concept (POC) phase through production stabilization.
Commit to all safety and compliance standards, regulations and requirements
Troubleshoot and resolve design challenges and operating deficiencies.
Provide clear, concise, accurate and timely verbal and written updates to project and department management.
Take ownership of tasks from start to finish.
Skills & Qualifications:
Experience with object-oriented design concepts and relational databases; programming in C/C++, Java or Javascript; PL/pgSQL, and SQL is a plus!
BS in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related field; MS & PhD is a plus!
Experience contributing to the design of electro-mechanical products for high volumes (10k+ per year) a plus.
Experience in statistical data analysis is a plus.
An appreciation for the balance between the perfect technical solution and time-to-market considerations.
Comfortable working on cross-functional teams of Product Management, Project Management and cross-functional Engineering teams.
Demonstrated engineering creativity, entrepreneurial spirit, and ability to prioritize & multi-task.
Strong team player and comfortable leading small groups of engineers and designers.
Demonstrated ability to own an assignment and see it through to completion.
Skilled in the areas of schedule and cost estimation.
A keen design eye and experience reviewing others’ design work would be a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to travel when necessary (less than 10%)

Physical/Work Environments
Employee will be working in an office, lab and production environment with occasional travel to customer sites.
Some walking between OPEX facilities
Employee may occasionally lift up to 25 lbs

Benefits:

Benefits include, but are not limited to:
Full medical, dental and vision with low employee contribution rates
Paid holidays, vacation and personal days
401k with matching and profit sharing
Basic life insurance, short term and long term disability
On-site fitness facility
Tuition reimbursement available

OPEX Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, and protected veteran status.
#1
