Founded in 1886, American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse publicly traded U.S. water and wastewater utility company. With headquarters in Camden, NJ, the company employs over 6,800 dedicated professionals who provide regulated and market-based drinking water, wastewater and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 46 states. To learn more about American Water and additional career opportunities, visit www.amwater.com.
Primary Role

Be a part of the team that builds APIs and integrations for our Product Development and AI & Machine Learning teams to deliver value to American Waters business functions. The team is designed to add value and improve operations within American Waters Technology and Innovation organization to provide and steward a rich catalog of integrations to internal and external software services. You along with your team members will provide software development support by identifying, developing, optimizing and documenting software integration services.

Key Accountabilities

Build robust APIs, message queues and file integration services
Work collaboratively across the organization to address and predict performance bottlenecks
Work with key stakeholders to identify improvements to maximize customer experience
Utilize a combination of open source and in house developed software to meet company goals
Possess a sound understanding of technologies such as RESTful and SOAP APIs, HTTP/HTTPS protocol usage, proxies, security concepts and controls of public interfaces.

Knowledge/Skills

Knowledge of distributed software architecture (SOA) and implementation methodologies, including functional/technical design, coding, and testing
Knowledge of or willingness to learn Java, Javascript, SQL and Python
Knowledge of and usage of markup languages, frameworks and data interchange formats such as JSON, RAML and Swagger
Knowledge of AWS cloud services
Knowledge of API utilities such as cURL and Postman
Ability to work independently and within a team in a fast-changing environment with changing priorities and changing time constraints.
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to multi-task.
Ability to interpret business requests and communicate findings in an intelligible manner.
Ability to communicate technical findings to non-technical audiences.

Experience/Education

Bachelors' degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Statistics, or similar technology field is required. Masters degree preferred.
2-5 years experience working in software development.
Experience with the water utility industry is desired, but not required

Competencies

Champions safety

Customer obsessed

Cultivates innovation

Nimble learning

Drives Results

Collaborates

Join American Water...We Keep Life Flowing

American Water is firmly committed to Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and prohibits employment discrimination for employees and applicants based on his or her age, race, color, pregnancy, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, citizenship, or because he or she is an individual with a disability, protected veteran or other status protected by federal, state, and local laws.
