Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

Under limited supervision of the Manager of Ops Automation, responsibilities will include being a team expert identification, analysis, and development related to the automation of operational processes. The Sr. Ops Automation Engineer works closely with the Manager of Ops Automation understanding the operations processing and execution across all lines of business.
Analyze, transform, and stage data to drive internally automated processes.
Leverage general programming best practices and creative coding approaches, activities will include conceptual design, advanced RPA script development and execution, and the validation of production outcomes.
Oversight of multiple scripts executing in parallel while prioritizing and performing other tasks is a daily requirement.
Training, mentoring, and knowledge sharing with team members.
Works closely with internal team members, cross-functional stakeholders, functional subject matter experts, and management.
Strong knowledge and understanding of enterprise operational procedures and guidelines to deliver accurate and salient automation solutions.
Identifies performance improvement opportunities and drives implementation.
Education/Experience:
2+ years of experience coding in one or more of the following: VBA, VBScript, .NET, Python, JavasSript, PowerShell.
2+ years of UiPath script development. Intelligent OCR experience a plus.
Bachelors Degree: Healthcare Informatics, Computer Science, or a related field preferred.
Strong knowledge of healthcare domain.
Strong Knowledge of RPA best practices and methodologies.
Extensive experience working with MS Office (Access, Excel, Outlook etc.). Windows scripting & Visual Studio experience a plus.
Extensive experience running and constructing queries (SQL, MS Access, etc.) and strong knowledge of relational databases.
Ability to multitask: Monitor multiple parallel running scripts and troubleshoot as needed.
Ability to reverse engineer undocumented processes, code, and query logic for the purposes of break/fix scenarios, maintenance, and upgrades.
Ability to independently analyze data & results to draw business conclusions and make decisions.
Back
Share
Apply Now
