Senior Data Engineer
Senior or Lead Data Engineer - Python, data - Philadelphia!

We are seeking a smart and engaged Senior Data Engineer to help us build our platform solutions addressing problems in the insurance space. We are developing a platform that supports data aggregation for our partner organizations to efficiently and effectively campaign for the increased quality and quantity of service offered in this country. Our current team is growing and needs to add a Data Engineer to help us build a data processing pipeline.

Ideally, this person will be passionate about data and engineering - Python, SQL, and AWS - and will have 5+ years of engineering experience to date.

What You Need for this Position
Python
AWS
SQL
deep data engineering and platform build outs
mentoring / lead experience
What You Will Be Doing
Developing our cloud based data warehouse.
Data processing pipeline development using Python and SQL.
New database solutions architecture.
Strategic planning and external client interaction.
This is ideal for a senior or lead level engineer - so ideally we're seeking someone with strong mentoring experience, interest, and enthusiasm.

What's In It for You
An opportunity to join a very smart, motivated team and to directly impact the product portfolio!
Excellent benefits and vacation policy.
Growth potential and a great working environment.
If you are a Senior or Lead Data Engineer looking to be on a collaborative team at an established organization, please apply today!
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.

CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
