Job Description


Immediate need for a talented Big Data Engineerwith experience in the IT Industry. This is a 8+ Months contract opportunity with long-term potential and is located in Wilmington, DE. Please review the job description below.

Job ID: 20-09894

Note: ** This opportunity is REMOTE until COVID-19 crisis setttles down**
We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. They should also have working experience using the following software/tools:
Experience with big data tools: Hadoop, Apache Spark, Kafka, etc.
Experience with relational SQL, Snowflake and NoSQL databases, including Postgres and Cassandra.
Experience with AWS cloud services: S3, EC2, EMR, RDS, Redshift
Experience with stream-processing systems: Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.
Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, PySpark, Scala, etc.
Qualifications for Data Engineer
Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
Experience building and optimizing 'big data' data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
Experience performing root cause analysis on internal and external data and processes to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement.
Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management.
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
Working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable 'big data' data stores.
Strong project management and organizational skills.
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Our client is a leading Industry Type and we are currently interviewing to fill this and other similar contract positions. If you are interested in this position, please apply online for immediate consideration.

#san J2W:CB3
