As a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.

This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:
BS/BA degree or equivalent experience
Advanced knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines
Understanding of architecture and design across all systems
Working proficiency in developmental toolsets
Ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goal
Develop software using Hadoop technologies like Spark, Scala, Python, Hbase, Hive, and Cloudera.
Fine tune application performance and troubleshoot and resolve data processing issues. Engage with various team for software delivery. Build, maintain and execute unit test cases with high code coverage
Experience in Java/J2EE, REST Services. Familiar with development tools such as Jenkins, Git/BitBucket, and Jira etc. Familiar with Agile methodologies such as SCRUM, LEAN etc. Prepare unit test cases and validate the results for accuracy.
Experience in developing Machine Learning, AI based applications, Kafka and Cloud technologies is a plus.
JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
