Â

Â

Job Name: Lead Data Engineer III - Market A

Re-Location: Wayne, PA|| Remote Initially, but will require 100% onsite once Current Pandemic (Covid â 19) related restrictions are lifted.

Full time PositionÂ

Â

Job Description

Day to Day:
Develops and maintains scalable data pipelines and builds out new API integrations to support continuing increases in data volume and complexity.
Collaborates with analytics and business teams to improve data models that feed business intelligence tools, increasing data accessibility and enabling data-driven decisions across the organization.
Implements processes and systems to monitor data quality, ensuring production data is always accurate, secure, and available for key stakeholders and business processes that depend on it.
Contributes to engineering communities of practice, and documents work.
Performs data analysis required to troubleshoot data related issues and assist in the resolution of data issues.
Works closely with a team of frontend and backend engineers, product managers, and analysts.
Defines company data models, uses ELT pipeline and data streaming tools to populate data models.
Designs data integrations and data quality framework.
Designs and evaluates open source and vendor tools for data lineage.
Works closely with all business units and engineering teams to develop strategy for long term data platform architecture.
Additional Information :
BS or MS degree in Computer Information Science or related technical field
8-10 years of Information Technology experience with data management
5+ years of software engineering experience in Python, Scala, Java, or .NET
5+ years of experience with schema design, dimensional data modeling, and data storage technology
5+ years of multiple kinds of database experience (SQL and No-SQL)
Proven ability in managing and communicating data warehouse plans to internal clients
Experience designing, building, and maintaining secure, reliable batch and real time data pipelines
Experience with cloud data ingestion, data lake, and modern warehouse solutions (Azure is a plus)
Experience with event streaming platforms like Kafka or Azure Event Hubs
Ability to provide data architecture and engineering thought leadership across business and technical dimensions solving complex business cases
Possesses a deep understanding of enterprise software patterns and how they may be leveraged in modern data management
Knowledge of best practices and IT operations in an always-up, always-available service
Experience with or knowledge of Agile Development methodologies (SAFe is a plus)
Excellent analytical problem solving and troubleshooting skills
Excellent oral and written communication skills with a keen sense of customer service
Excellent team player with proven ability to influence
Highly adaptable to a continuously changing environment
Able to give and receive open, honest feedback and to foster a feedback environment
Outstanding communication, interpersonal, relationship building skills for team development
Possible Travel (10%)
Experience within financial services is a plus
Â
