RESPONSIBILITIES Kforce has a client in search of a Senior SSIS Data Integration Engineer in Chadds Ford, PA. Summary This candidate must be an experienced data warehouse developer who is also able to manage requirements gathering and client interactions along with being proficient in Microsoft SSIS ETL from a data management perspective. The candidate will be expected to work closely with Data Management and Sales Operations teams to provide day to day systems support, enhance existing processes and develop new data integration to ensure overall engagement success. The ideal candidate has tactical experience with data integration projects, data warehouse implementations, and master data management practices. The candidate must be an expert in ETL andor reporting processes, with specific life science experience preferred. Although this person will have support and direction from the leadership team, they must be capable of being self-directed. The candidate will be expected to be onsite at a client. REQUIREMENTS BSBA degree plus a minimum of 4 years of experience The candidate must have experience with Microsoft SSIS Proficient in SQL Experience in the Life sciencesPharmaceutical industry including working with pharmaceutical company data sources (i.e. prescription data, specialty pharmacyspecialty distributor data, chargebacks, contract management, health care professionalsorganization, EDI 867, etc.) Experience in managing and implementing data warehousing within the pharmaceutical industry Ability to lead data management projects from beginning to end, including developing and managing to the plan Strong oral and written communication skills Proficient in Microsoft Office tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Microsoft Project, etc.) The following qualifications are a plus Working knowledge of pharmaceutical customer relationship management data (i.e. Veeva, Salesforce.com) Scriptingcoding experience (VBScriptPowerShellJavaScript) Experience with QlikViewQlik Sense Experience with Tableau Experience with other business intelligence tools Knowledge of pharmaceutical customer master data management Commercial Sales Operations experience Prior experience working remotely Kforce is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
