Join our Intelligent Systems Division to serve as a software developer and researcher on a team developing software solutions in technology areas such as Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS), Integrated Corridor Management Systems (ICMS), and Decision Support Systems (DSS). Utilize advanced data analytics techniques and enterprise data infrastructure skills in state-of-the-art software development environments. Perform in all phases of the development lifecycle, including requirements definition, software/systems design, implementation, testing, and integration. Initiate advanced research and development programs, interact with clients, and make technical presentations.


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS degree in Software Engineering, Computer Engineering or Computer Science or related with 0-5 years of experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must have an emphasis on software development and systems engineering and exposure to object-oriented programming (programming languages such as, but not limited to, C++, C#, Java). Applicable internships or education experience is required. Education and/or experience involving .NET, C#, Java, Python, Git, Microsoft SQL Server, Windows, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes, Redis, Elastic Stack, TypeScript, HTML, CSS, Angular, Kafka is preferred. Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work well individually and as a member of a project team are required. Excellent written and verbal communication skills required. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Intelligent Systems home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
