Description

The Data Scientist will be part of the Enterprise BI team at , Inc. This individual will manage one or more analysts and focus on customer-level advanced analytics for the direct-to-consumer and business-to-business channels.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

As a hands-on analytics leader, deliver actionable insights while prioritizing and managing the workload of junior analysts

Collaborate with business owners and propose appropriate analytics solutions to address critical business questions

Create Tableau dashboards to empower business owners

Develop advanced analytics solutions to address some open business questions, e.g.,

Multi-Brand Customer Segmentation

Next Best Offer/ Next Best Brand

Channel Attribution

Customer Retention

Requirements

Key Competencies:

Strong analytical mind, problem-solving skills and foundation in Statistics

Ability to collaborate well with individuals on-site and in remote offices

Intermediate to advanced level of expertise using SAS, SQL, Tableau, Python

Outstanding analytical skill set: a clear expert in the Analytics/ Data Science field

Experience working with large volumes of data, combining and reconciling data from different sources

Experience in MS Office applications with very strong Excel skills

Requirements:

Minimum B.S. in Mathematics, Statistics, Data Analytics or related quant field

5+ years in a similar analytical role generating insights through data analytics

Strong communication skills: both written and verbal

Ability to work independently on multiple concurrent assignments

Self-driven for continual learning and ongoing training/development

Highly organized, detail-oriented

About Us
, Inc. is a leading provider of gifts for all celebratory occasions. For the past 40 years, has been helping deliver smiles to customers with a 100% Smile Guarantee backing every gift. The , Inc. family of brands also includes everyday gifting and entertaining products from Harry & David, The Popcorn Factory, Cheryl's Cookies, , Wolferman's, Moose Munch premium popcorn, Personalization Universe, Simply ChocolateSM, and SM. The Company also offers top-quality steaks and chops from Stock Yards and gift baskets and towers from its DesignPac Gifts, LLC division. Loyalty programs, such as Celebrations Passport, Celebrations Rewards and Celebrations Reminders are designed to deepen relationships with customers across all brands. The Company's BloomNet international floral wire service and Napco SM floral gifts and seasonal dcor division provide a broad-range of products and services designed to help professional florists grow their businesses profitably. , Inc. was named to the Stores 2017 Hot 100 Retailers List by the National Retail Federation and also received the Gold award in the Best Artificial Intelligence category at the Data & Marketing Association's 2017 International ECHO Awards. Shares in , Inc. are traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, ticker symbol: FLWS.
