Responsibilities


Noblis is expanding cyber-related work with 16th Air Force and other San Antonio-area Intelligence, Cyber and Defense-related clients and is seeking a Cybersecurity Lead Engineer to join our growing team. This position will serve as the vanguard supporting client work in San Antonio while also supporting business growth initiatives and fostering collaboration with local partners such as the University of Texas San Antonio (UTSA) National Security Collaboration Center (NSCC). This position will support Noblis Sponsored Research (NSR) capability development efforts and support clients directly, resulting in an 80% direct/20% indirect work balance that enables mission contribution while furthering technical acumen.

As the Cybersecurity Lead Engineer, you will provide technical support and subject matter expertise (SME) for 16th Air Force intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (ISR) and cyberspace operations. You will also provide senior technical assistance on Air Force ISR, offensive cyberspace operations, defensive cyberspace operations and information operations. You will lead studies and analyses requested by Air Force, USCYBERCOM, DOD, National Security Agency and other sponsors. Through this client interfacing work, you will be able to research and advise Noblis leadership on potential 16AF or other San Antonio-based opportunities and assess, recommend, and partner with San Antonio industry and academia to increase Noblis presence and client contributions.

As a Noblis technical leader in the San Antonio area, you will also support UTSA NSCC research activities and represent Noblis interests by facilitating and supporting strategic planning aimed at identifying and prioritizing cybersecurity research initiatives in coordination with UTSA NSCC Federal partners relevant to client requirements. These activities will directly influence and provide advice/assistance on NSR capability investment activities relevant to local clients such as 16AF, USCYBERCOM, National Security Agency, DHS, and others.

Client Engagement
· Contribute to large capture strategies, actively engage with clients, and market Noblis capabilities externally · Foster appropriate identification and selection of business development opportunities, and provide thought leadership to help shape future work · Win 2 task orders, identify big bets or take responsibility for a re-compete
Qualifications


Required Qualificaitons:
Current Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility required. CI polygraph required.
Bachelor's degree in a cyber-related field (Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Cyber Security) or a field requiring strong communications and analysis skills.
In lieu of a Bachelor's degree, an additional four (4) years' experience is required equaling a total of 19 years' experience.
Minimum 15 years' cumulative experience in ISR operations and cybersecurity (i.e., defensive/offensive cyberspace operations, Information Warfare, Data Science, Information Assurance, and Computer Network Defense) with demonstrated expertise in at least five of the following nine categories:
Planning, implementing and executing Air Force cyberspace missions
Develop and implement software tools and procedures for offensive and/or defensive cyberspace operations
Experience in supporting and enabling real time operations and integration activities
Non-kinetic/kinetic targeting support
Vulnerability and/or malware research
Intelligence analysis of cyber threats
Software testing and product evaluation
Reverse Engineering
Intelligence support to information operations
Business development, proposal work and/or project management experience on opportunities valued at $10M or more
Desired Qualifications:
Master's degree in a cybersecurity, telecommunications technology, or national security and policy field of study
Demonstrated success supporting 16 AF clients (688th Cyberspace Wing or 67th Cyberspace Wing subordinate units in the cyberspace operations arena
Overview


Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiary, Noblis ESI, are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering. Learn more at Noblis -About Us

Why work at a Noblis company?

Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.

Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
