Scientist 1 - Machine Learning - Cell Science

The mission of the Allen Institute for Cell Science is to create multi-scale visual models of cell organization, dynamics, and activities. Our approach encompasses large scale data collection, observation, theory, and predictions to understand cellular behavior in normal and pathological contexts. As a division within the Allen Institute, the Allen Institute for Cell Science uses a team-oriented approach, focusing on accelerating foundational research, developing standards and models, and cultivating new ideas to make a transformational impact on science.

We seek a talented and enthusiastic Machine Learning Scientist to join the Allen Institute for Cell Sciences Modeling Team. The Modeling Team develops data-driven algorithms, computation pipelines and models that facilitate visual and quantitative analysis of dynamic cellular processes that address grand challenges in human cell biology.

Our work is collaborative, focuses on biological questions of the highest impact and maintains the highest standards for best practices and computation rigor. Every team member is committed to supporting these standards through team science while fulfilling the goals and objectives of the institute.

A central goal of this position is to develop, implement and apply machine learning techniques to identify and understand patterns in the high content, live cell microscopy images that are generated within the institute. Examples of current machine learning projects in the team include: prediction of subcellular structures from transmitted light microscopy (see here), and building an integrated model of subcellular structure using a conditional generative model (see here). While these example projects are based on deep neural networks, classical methods are equally valued and needed.

We work with a large heterogeneous biological dataset in diverse teams. The successful candidate will not only be able to bring rich technical skills to their work, but they will also work collaboratively in a collegial group dynamic. They will be curious, enthusiastic, adaptable, dedicated and take initiative. They will embody the vision and mission of the Allen Institute for Cell Science.

Essential Functions
Conceive, develop, and implement machine learning models linking various biological data modalities including live cell microscopy images
In collaboration with researchers across teams, apply (learn, parametrize, evaluate) these models as part of interdisciplinary research projects that aim to elucidate cellular organization and cell state transitions
Ensure integration and sharing of tools, resources, and data across the institute
Provide expertise on a range of scientific computing problem settings, including application of appropriate models and data requirements
Work across teams to visualize and transform prototype models into professionally packaged and reusable applications
Practice software development best practices and follow industry standards including source code management, issue tracking, staging and deployment, developing unit tests and participating in code review all is a collaboration with the team
Scientific communication through presentations, documentation and research papers
Desire to learn about scientific projects and develop creative solutions for problem-solving and standardization
Utilize software engineering practices such as version management, build management and testing
Work on interdisciplinary projects focused on applied and fundamental cell biology
Required Qualifications
PhD in biophysics, applied physics, applied mathematics, engineering, computational biology, or a related field
0 2 years relevant postdoctoral experience
Research thesis involved implementation and application of machine learning models to biological data
Strong communication skills and ability to work independently in a collaborative, multi-disciplinary environment
Preferred Qualifications
Comfortable designing and sharing their own scientific computing stack
Knowledge of image-processing and/or image analysis applications
Familiarity with current machine learning literature (probabilistic programming, diverse sparse learning tasks, causal inference, time-series, etc)
Familiarity with modern machine learning tools (GPU-computing, optimization, probabilistic inference, etc)
Familiarity with current high-throughput biological data acquisition literature and tools (high-content imaging, scRNAseq, FISH, etc)
Work Environment
Office environment, cubicle seating
Physical Demands
Sitting at a desk in front of a computer screen for long periods of time.
Fine motor movements in fingers/hands to operate computers and other office equipment
Position Type/Expected Hours of Work
This is an onsite, M-F, regular business hours position
Additional Comments
**Applicants should include a brief cover letter (max 1 Page) summarizing their interest in the position and in working at the Allen Institute. The letter should also highlight relevant qualifications and experience.
** Applications submitted by July 1, 2020 will be given priority.
Please note, this opportunity may be eligible for work visa sponsorship and relocation assistance
It is the policy of the Allen Institute to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, the Allen Institute will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.
