Location: USA TX San Antonio

Full Part/Time: Full time

Job Req: RQ52990

Type of Requisition:

Regular

Clearance Level Must Currently Possess:

Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Clearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:

Top Secret SCI + Polygraph

Suitability:

Polygraph

Public Trust/Other Required:

Job Family:

Hardware Engineering

Job Description:

Job Description

GDIT is looking for a Data Center Hardware Engineer that holds TS/SCI with poly clearance for a positionlocated in San Antonio, TX

GDIT is partnering with Microsoft Global Data Center Operations (GDCO) to provide end-to-end data center IT support services including data center hardware break/fix/move/add/change, data center staging and deployment, and logistics/asset management support for a U.S. Government customer.

Essential job functions:
Demonstrates basic understanding of a Data Center IT Operations environment and the knowledge to use the software tools utilized to perform day to day functions
Understand the overall ticket management process
Able to perform high volume/low impact tasks following detailed instructions
Support the deployment of data center infrastructure including server rack/stack/cabling, net devices, and troubleshooting deployment issues
Provide break/fix support including component replacement, hardware troubleshooting, operating system installation
Provides Logistics and Asset Management support
Required Qualifications:
BS or equivalent + 0 yrs related experience
TS/SCI with Poly clearance
Must be open to shift work as 24/7 support is needed
Candidate must be a team player and have the ability to adapt in a dynamic, fast-paced environment
Must be able to multi-task
Must possess good communication and customer service skills
Experience with data center and/or server experience preferred
Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40

Travel Required:

None

T elecommuting Options:

Telecommuting Not Allowed

Work Location:

USA TX San Antonio

Additional Work Locations:

We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
