Job Description


Job Summary:

Senior Data Engineer / SQL Developer / SQL Analyst. Responsible for developing and implementing data models for multiple business processes on Acelity’s data warehouse and big data analytics infrastructure. This particular role will focus on developing a semantics layer that applies the business rules and generates the business metrics required for sales reporting and analytics.

Principle Responsibilities: (essential job duties and responsibilities)
Design and implement data models, datamarts, and datasets on a Hadoop-based data warehouse and data hub
Interface directly with business and systems subject matter experts to understand analytic needs and determine logical data model requirements
Develop and implement ETL processes across Hadoop, BI systems, and databases
Work closely with data architects to identify common data requirements and develop shared solutions
Develop close collaboration with senior analysts and data owners across multiple business domains
Maintain data modeling standards and ETL best practices
Support data model and ETL solutions in production
Skills and Experiences:
Strong data warehouse and ETL background
Advanced SQL programming capabilities. Hive, Impala, or Snowflake preferred
Strong background in preparing data for analysis and reporting: creating analytical datasets and working with others to define simple to use data models (i.e. star schema)
Experience with analytical tools for data discovery & modeling, visualization, and analysis
Success in a highly dynamic technology demand driven environment with ability to shift priorities with agility
Ability to go from whiteboard discussion to code
Willingness to explore and implement new ideas and technologies
Ability to effectively communicate with technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Minimum Qualifications:
8+ years experience with SQL
6+ years experience with data modeling design and implementation
4+ years experience working directly with subject matter experts in both business and technology domains
4+ years experience with BI and analytic tools such as Tableau, Datameer, R, or similar
2+ years experience with Ab Initio, Datastage, Informatica, or Talend
Nice-to-have:
Hands-on experience with Hadoop
Familiarity with Agile methodologies
Education:
Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, science discipline, or similar
The information listed above is not a comprehensive list of all duties/responsibilities performed. This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice. Any physical and mental requirements described in this job description are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability: Acelity L.P. Inc. and its subsidiaries are an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer and give consideration for employment to qualified applicants without regard to race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, pregnancy, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or genetic information or any other legally protected characteristic. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please click here: http://www1.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/eeoc_self_print_poster.pdf VEVRAA Federal Contractor
