Category : Management/Operations
Location/City : TX - San Antonio
Id : 5723
Recruiter Email : bvancleave@prg-usa.com
Job Type : Contract

Process Engineer, LeadJob Description:Leads, motivates and facilitates cross-functional teams in the development and implementation of key strategic initiatives, using process engineering principles to design and/or optimize business processes and their overall performance.Minimum Requirements: Bachelor's degree in a related discipline or equivalent work experience; 8+ years' process improvement and/or relevant business experience; Demonstrated leadership experience; Expert knowledge and demonstrated use of statistics and/or finance, marketing and economic principles; Expert knowledge and demonstrated use of LEAN Six Sigma, data analysis, and industry tools (SIPOC, VOC, Process Mapping, DOE); Expert knowledge and demonstrated use of process engineering methodologies and/or Business Process Management (BPM) and Process management principles; Knowledge of Design for Six Sigma (DFSS) or equivalent methodology; and Master Black Belt certification or equivalent.Preferred Requirements: Master's degree in an engineering or similar discipline, or equivalent work experience; and 12+ years relevant business support and/or general analysis experienceJob Duties: Applies expert knowledge of the business and process engineering discipline. Identifies, validates and communicates business solutions. Defines the set of processes that transcend functional and organizational boundaries; identifies and describes the actors that interact with the business; and describes which people, resources and controls are involved in the processes. Utilizes knowledge of customers, products, processes and PP&E expertise to analyze business problem(s) and determine the best methodology to resolve defect or issue. Directs analyses, root cause identification, and development and recommendation of key work products. Leads and facilitates cross-functional, collaborative teams in strategic business improvement and development initiatives using PP&E standards and guidelines to optimize the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the process. Identifies, validates and communicates business solutions. Utilizes knowledge of customers, products, processes and PP&E expertise to analyze business problem(s) and determine the best methodology to resolve defect or issue. Drives improvement efforts based on analysis. Analyzes processes to identify areas of improvement and provide appropriate analytics to facilitate business effort prioritization. Conducts complex statistical analysis. Anticipates opportunities and potential process engineer solutions and leads cross-functional teams through the problem resolution process. Shapes vision, mobilizes commitment and leads team to change processes, systems and structures to achieve vision. Provides insight to senior management on issues Serves as a primary resource to less experienced team members on escalated issues of a unique nature. Guides, mentors and coaches Process Engineers in the development and delivery of their work products critical to goal achievement and team success. Monitors the work of less experienced peers and team members and provides input on performance appraisals. Identifies the information entities share across the business, and the relationships between those entities. Competencies: Business Acumen, Collaboration (Team Building), Communication, Demonstrate Adaptability (Agility), Drive for Results and Innovation.
