Location: USA TX San AntonioFull Part/Time: Full timeJob Req: RQ57693Type of Requisition:RegularClearance Level Must Currently Possess:Top Secret SCI + PolygraphClearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:Top Secret SCI + PolygraphSuitability:PolygraphPublic Trust/Other Required:Job Family:Hardware EngineeringJob Description:GDIT is looking for aData Center Hardware Engineer II that holdsaTS/SCI with poly clearancefor a position located in San Antonio, TX. GDIT has partnered with Microsoft to provide end-to-end data center IT support services including data center hardware preservation, data center staging and deployment, and logistics/asset management support for a U.S. Government customer. In addition to the current requirements of a Data Center Technician, the following are the requirements to support the Deployment Support Services.Functional Responsibilities(1) Materials management* Receive the materials from the datacenter loading dock or coordinate receipt with local staffo Unbox and validate the delivery for accuracy ando Inspect the delivery for damages(2) Installation/fit-out* Assemble and install network racks, including bolting down to the floor and grounding to facility earth bar* Assemble and install airflow containment according to Microsoft specifications and standards.* Lay into the containment, and install cabling infrastructure(3) Post-installation* Return within 48 hours of notification of any post-installation issues and conduct any necessary diagnostics and repairs. If Microsoft determines that the issue is related to installation, Supplier will make any needed repairs, at no additional cost to Microsoft.(4) Additional responsibilities* Conduct deployment support functions, including but not limited to: observation of the activities of construction and other uncleared workers to ensure technical and physical security and integrity of the building and interior spaces and infrastructure (e. g., power and communications).Staffing requirements(a) Clearance requirements, Candidates must possess a Top Secret/SCI withPolygraph clearance granted by MPO(b) Skillset requirements. Capable of working in typical weather conditions indoors and outdoors on a construction site to observe construction activity, communicate safety and security issues to escorts and others, and maintain visual contact with personnel under escort.(c) Hours of operation. Monday - Friday 7am to 5pm -- Additional hours as circumstances warrant.(d) Locations. Services will be performed at the following location(s): Manassas, VA and within a 30 miles radius; San Antonio, TX; Cheyenne, WY(e) Travel Travel is expected to be 25%Scheduled Weekly Hours:40Travel Required:50-75%T elecommuting Options:Telecommuting Not AllowedWork Location:USA TX San AntonioAdditional Work Locations:We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
