Location Name: San Antonio, TX
Job/Requisition ID: [[id]]
Location Address: 19100 Ridgewood Park, San Antonio, TX, United States (US), 78259
Education Level: Bachelor's Required
Relevant Experience Level: Mid Career (4-10 Years)
Employee Group: Regular - Full Time
Employee Subgroup: Salaried Exempt

Job Description

Works collaboratively with refining organization to develop, implement, and maintain mechanical standards and specifications incorporating industry and professional-engineering best practices. Supports the company’s reliability initiatives and life-cycle cost optimization at acceptable risk-tolerance levels.
Reviews and recommends disposition of variances to Company Refining Standards.
Reviews and provides final approval of new Standards or of revisions to Company Refining Standards.
Manages the assimilation of individual site standards into Company Refining Standards.
Works collaboratively with multiple disciplines to analyze competitive gaps in plant reliability on mechanical-engineering standards/specifications and best-practice standards. Identifies value-added areas with the highest return on investment or greatest risk reduction. Designs improvement strategy to effectively close gaps ensuring alignment with long-term sustainability objectives and conformity with industry standards and best practices.
Develops and institutes review process to ensure Company mechanical engineering standards and specifications are current and compliant with industry standards and best practices. Establishes and maintains an enterprise repository for all standards and specifications. Defines and computes performance metrics to track progress on gap closure.
Provides technical support to the Company’s 16 refineries on interpretation and application of standards and specifications. Oversees compliance assessments to ensure incorporation of corporate standards and specifications and industry best practices in refinery’s mechanical engineering programs and practices. Leads improvement initiatives. Develops timelines and milestones; defines deliverables; trains personnel; and establishes and monitors performance metrics, field implementation, and follow-up.
Stays abreast of latest industry best practices, technology, and equipment design through participation in professional organizations/associations such as: AFPA (American Fuels & Petrochemical Manufacturers Association), API (American Petroleum Institute), ASME (American Society of Mechanical Engineers), SMRP (Society for Maintenance & Reliability Professionals), and PIP (Process Industry Practices).
Conducts complex mechanical engineering studies such as, but not limited to, risk assessments and “worst-actor” programs.
Provides training to all levels of the refining organization concerning standards and specifications. Training programs encompass awareness training for senior management to technical training and mentoring for field engineering personnel as well as technical, maintenance, or inspection personnel.
Education Requirements

Minimum bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering

Experience Requirements

Minimum of eight years of refining-industry experience conducting and facilitating asset-criticality assessments; Failure Mode Effect Analysis (FMEA); Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM); and Reliability, Availability, and Maintainability (RAM) analysis on instruments, rotating equipment, electrical equipment, and pressure vessels to optimize preventive-maintenance strategies in sulfur recovery units and Naphtha-desulfurization units in oil refinery. Minimum of eight years (inclusive) of experience using ReliaSoft ALTA, WinSMITH™ (now SuperSMITH™) Weibull/Visual, and AvSim software to perform Weibull analysis, Crow-AMSAA analysis, and statistical analysis on failure data for instruments, rotating equipment, electrical equipment, and pressure vessels to determine the optimum frequency for preventive maintenance in oil refineries. Minimum of eight years (inclusive) of experience evaluating defect-elimination teams, including a “bad actors” program, as well as conducting and facilitating root-cause analysis and fault-tree analysis on failure events caused by instruments, rotating equipment, electrical equipment, and pressure vessels in oil refineries. Minimum of eight years (inclusive) of experience applying a revised reliability-competency model and providing training for the sites’ reliability engineers based on their functional skills and experience by including Weibull analysis, Crow-AMSAA analysis, and probabilistic analysis. Minimum of eight years (inclusive) of experience developing and implementing a reliability philosophy, strategies, plans, and guidelines based on Publicly Available Specification 55 (PAS 55), parts 1 and 2, ISO 55000, ISO 550001, and ISO 55002 for asset management during the life cycle of the assets.

About Marathon Petroleum Corporation

Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.

Travel Expected: None

Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.

Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability

Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
