Company Description

ANALYGENCE, INC. (ANALYGENCE) is a Disadvantaged, Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned professional services small business established in 2010 on the principle of providing our customers with results driven professionals that understand the dynamic customer environment and can be relied upon to help them achieve their objectives. ANALYGENCE adds value to customers by developing and executing innovative strategies to improve processes and achieve customer goals. Our people are service-oriented professionals with varying military, government and industry backgrounds, who understand the level of commitment and flexibility it takes to progress customers forward in a dynamic work environment. We cater to the specific needs of each individual customer to help them lay out a path for success.

Job Description

ANALYGENCE Inc. is seeking an Engineer with experience and knowledge of Activity Management, Requirement Identification, and Project Programming Programs across Directorate programs which are still under development and need support to meet the end-state. End-state is a fully implemented asset management “system” that has established and mature processes, standards, levels of service, training, and performance management system in place to determine the health of assets and guide decision making.

This position will support the Air Force’s development of Activity Management, Requirement Identification and Project Programming Programs across the AFCEC Directorates. End-state is a fully implemented asset management system that has established and mature processes, standards, levels of service, training, and performance management systems in place to determine health of assets and guide decision making. Personnel will assist in collecting, managing, compiling and analyzing built infrastructure, equipment, and human capital data to determine, validate and develop requirements, alternative courses of action (COA), and project scoping. Personnel will assist and support project programming that encapsulates asset management principles into project development; and, advises and assists in the enhancement of processes, procedures, and training associated with maturing asset management that will benefit the Air Force supporting activity management, asset visibility, requirement identification and development, Course of Action (COA) development, project programming, built infrastructure performance analysis, and near and long term investment strategies as outlined in AF and DoD policies or guidance documents.

Primary Responsibilities:
Develop life-cycle sustainment and risk mitigation strategy recommendations for two FYDPs for each portfolio
Make risk mitigation strategy recommendations which consist of identifying to AMP Enterprise Managers the optimal investment points for each asset within a portfolio to sustain the assets performance curve as predicted in SMS
Analyze built infrastructure data, aggregating requirements, assessing asset performance predictions from SMS, analyzing statistics and trends across portfolios, validating data, performing data management, compiling other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommending enhancements to processes
Support AMP Enterprise Managers with the development of portfolio-specific SEEDs to support Installation Development Plans (IDPs) and the Enterprise Planning Process
Maturation of Requirement Identification by analyzing built infrastructure data, aggregating requirements, assessing asset performance predictions from SMS, analyzing statistics and trends across portfolios, validating data, performing data management, compiling other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommending enhancements to processes
Support includes assisting in the AFCAMP process, establishment of document templates/tools, logistic support, training, and process refinement recommendations associated with the maturation of the AFCAMP process
Qualifications

Qualifications
A bachelor’s or master’s degree in related field is required.
Three (3) to ten (10) years of relevant experience.
Please note that an active Secret security clearance is required.

Additional Information

ANALYGENCE, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer

US Citizenship is required as a result of the parameters set for the Federal Government contract.
