Job Description
We are looking for a Rock Star IT Professional who is looking to work in an exciting, fast paced environment! We are a customer service company first and an IT company second. We are an outsourced IT provider with clients in San Antonio, Austin and Houston.

We are looking for an experienced IT Professional who has great customer service skills, loves to learn, and is motivated to get problems solved and make people happy daily by solving their technology problems! We hire based on personality and ability to learn. If you have the right attitude we can help you get the right skills.

The position that we are looking to fill is for a full-time help desk / field technician. This candidates time will be split between working help desk tickets and performing field work at our client's sites on an as needed basis. Mileage is paid for travel performed in your personal vehicle.

Candidates should have a thorough knowledge of the following at minimum:
Ticketing Systems (ConnectWise preferred)
Anti-Virus and Malware software
Microsoft Office through 2016 and 365
Windows 7 / 8 / 10
Chromebook / Apple skills a plus
Unmanaged and Managed Switches
Basic Active Directory knowledge
Remote Monitoring Systems
Providing remote support
365 / GSuite knowledge a big plus
Duties will include everything from setting up printers, diagnosing internet issues to helping engineers do complete network deployments. Our clients range in size from 5 users to 1000.

We currently have a 99.7% help desk satisfaction rating. Can you help us improve that score?

This is not an entry level position. We need someone who recognizes the difference between a symptom and the actual problem. Problems can be escalated to the higher tier help desk folks and engineers when necessary.

We are looking for someone who is self-motivated and able to work on their own using logical problem-solving processes, is organized and efficient and can switch from one task to another quickly.

A current driver's license, clean driving record, and dependable transportation are necessary.

Applicants must be U.S. citizens.

Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs.

Please send a resume, salary history and the best method to contact you.

• Compensation: DOE – We are very competitive with our pay scale.

• PTO and Benefits included
Company Description
Founded and headquartered in San Antonio, Texas in 1995, our company supports the data, security, fire and IT needs of clients with efficient, solution-based services. Rx Technology has experienced and maintained tremendous growth over the last 24 years, but continues to be family owned and operated, always striving to maintain the principles on which it was founded: integrity, reliability and a focus on client relationships
