Do you have compassion and a passion to help others? Transforming healthcare and millions of lives as a result starts with the values you embrace and the passion you bring to achieve your lifes best work. (sm)

The Principal Integration Developer, Data Services is responsible for engineering efficient and standardized data transfer methods internally at WellMed, with Optum, and external entities. As the subject matter expert on data engineering, specifically integration, overall responsibilities include: ensuring data integrity, data transformation & enrichment, capacity planning, performance tuning, complexity & interdependency elimination, complete Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) process architecture & design, championing quality and reliability improvement processes, continuous integration optimization and automation. This position defines strategies and tactical plans to drive the Data Services mission and will provide direction to senior leadership & technical stakeholders when considering the integration components of strategic data initiatives, while keeping a strong focus on delivering business value. This position is also responsible for collaborating with departments across the organization, (including Optum organizations, such as ECG, eODS, Data Lake, HCE) to analyze, specify and optimize information delivery solutions based on business needs. The position will partner with Optum to ensure integration strategies support the requirements of local care delivery organizations needs and serves as an escalation point for complex issues. The Principal Integration Developer, Data Services will serve as a key resource of information technology for the organization, by providing guidance, assistance and consultation to others and has the capability to work on the full technology stack.
Primary Responsibilities:
Works with and across WellMed system owners & IT teams, as well as Optum teams and external partners, to define and optimize data integration standards
Builds instrumentation and diagnostics for monitoring and demonstrating the business value of Continuous Integration and Continues Delivery (CICD)
Partners with application, infrastructure, and information architecture leaders to develop a cohesive, rational, scalable, and adaptable future state architecture based on business strategy and growth
Manage offshore development and support activities ensuring their deliverables meet both quality and performance standards
May manage a staff of 3 to 5 information technology analysts and developers to deliver effective service and systems to users and customers. Maximizes staff performance and technical expertise through clearly defined objectives, training, skill development and leadership to ensure quality services to all customers
Builds the standards and processes to ensure data integrity exceeds business expectations
Identifies ways to enrich & transform data to enhance the business value of the data and implements data-driven models
Serves as a consultant to departments in the process of strategic planning, operational analysis, process design, solution implementation and project management as it relates to data integration
Coordinates with Optum organizations, teams, and initiatives as required, facilitating consistent improvement of quality, performance and use of data
Stays current on latest technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning and applies that knowledge when the business will receive value from it
Supports the Director, Data Services in the development, coordination and management of a responsible operations budget
Works with Data Governance to ensure standards are enforced at the implementation level
Displays strong customer management skills
The pace is fast and youll need to be comfortable managing multiple priorities. You may be required to work in multiple locations, so scheduling flexibility is essential. You must also be able to respond calmly and effectively in emergency situations.
You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
8+ years of experience with the analysis, design, and development of database structures and ETL processes within an enterprise database management system (e.g. MS SQL Server, Oracle, etc.)
8+ years of experience in MS SQL Server-2008 version or higher
5+ years of experience with MS SSIS
5+ years of experience in Systems Analysis
5+ years of experience in Development of technical requirements
Experience in a lead role within an IT group
Large scale data integration and data management including data profiling, cleansing, parsing/standardization, data enrichment, and mastering
Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree in a related discipline
Experience with loading large, analytical and operational data structures including data requirements, data mapping, requirements and specification, data delivery and performance tuning
Experience working with a structured application development process in the health care industry
Experience in a data integrations development and operations department
Experience with healthcare data, applications, business processes and best practices
Strong customer management skills
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. Were innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. Were impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. Weve joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your lifes best work.(sm)

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Principal Data Engineering, San Antonio, TX, Texas
