Telecommunications engineer for all corporate voice and data communications network. Expert knowledge in the Cisco network infrastructure, Avaya Communications Manager, Genesys Cloud, IBM host system network and more related technologies. Completes critical telecommunications engineering based projects and tasks in additional to a number of small projects with many complex features. Install, maintain, and troubleshoot all areas of the corporate Voice, Data, LAN, WAN communications network. Communicate transport solutions to meet the network growth, remote workers, department needs and employee specific requirements. Work closely with internal teams and communication vendors. Performs field analysis, performance tests. Navigates and repairs complex issues if systems glitch or fail. Completes any other job related duties needed to help drive to our Vision, fulfill our Purpose, and abide by our Organization's Values.Bachelor degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Engineering or equivalent education and/or experience. Minimum of three (3) years of network communications, LAN/WAN installation and implementation experience. Minimum of two (2) years of Avaya PBX programming to include call center environment configurations such as VDNs, vectors, and skills. Knowledge of CMS, One-X Agent, Media Gateways, CDR, and e911 database applications. Be available for after-hours support of technical issues on upgrades and deployment of new circuits as well as during disaster recovery. Work flexible hours as needed, including possible weekends.Advanced Information Technologies Degree. Solve related voice, data, LAN, and WAN communication problems. Knowledge of Avaya Predictive Dialer technology end user installation and system administration. Familiar with TCP/IP, LAN, and WAN communications protocols. Knowledge in installing, troubleshooting, and supporting VOIP, CTI, and related technology environments. Knowledge of Microsoft Office products including Visio. Excellent project organization and analytical skills. Experience with cloud, managed, or subscription services. Must be logical and detail oriented. Prioritize, plan, organize, and manage multiple tasks efficiently. Highly adaptive and flexible to a changing environment.Security Service Federal Credit Union is an industry leader who has built a reputation of innovation, strength, and stability. We pride ourselves on discovering and developing employees who have exceptional character and a genuine passion for helping others. In return, we deliver a comprehensive total rewards package that supports the financial, physical, and emotional wellbeing of our employees.All employees should demonstrate our SSFCU core values -- Caring, Innovative, Honest, Fair and Dedicated -- while providing enthusiastic, professional, and courteous service to SSFCU members and employees.SSFCU offers a comprehensive total rewards package that includes competitive salary, customizable benefit options, paid time off, 401K match with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, on-site fitness center, (or free gym membership), and an award-winning Total Wellbeing program focusing on the physical, financial and emotional wellbeing of our employees. We invest in our communities through our Volunteer Corps and in you, through ongoing growth and development opportunities
