What you will do

This position plans and conducts activities concerned with the quality assurance of industrial processes, materials and products by performing the following duties.

How you will do it
Lead and manage non-conformances and corrective / preventative actions including root cause analysis, problem solving, continuous improvement.
Monitors supplier base to ensure components meet design specifications. This requires communication with supplier contacts. Issue SMRRs and ensure corrective actions are effective, request RMAs and provide defective parts shipment documentation.
Provides support and mentorship to QA Inspectors.
Supports all JCMS activities and action plans.
Plans and conducts the analysis, inspection, design, tests, and/or integration to assure the quality of assigned product or component.
Performs quality-engineering reviews of design documentation for compliance with requirements, including quality manuals and company quality records.
Applies statistical process control (SPC) methods for analyzing data to evaluate the current process and process changes.
Communicates significant issues or developments identified during quality assurance activities and provides recommended process improvements to management.
Prepares and presents technical and program information to team members and management.
Other duties may be assigned

What we look for

Required
Bachelors Degree in related field or equivalent combined education and experience.
A minimum of five years related experience including ISO9001 & 17025 auditing.
Experienced in mechanical and/or electrical systems quality.
Proficiency in a Windows operating environment, including email and Microsoft Office software.
Demonstrated planning, problem solving, data analysis, GD&T, blueprint reading, organizing, inter-personal, and communication skills with proven leadership skills and decision making abilites.
Strong knowledge of manufacturing procedures, production methods (including electrical, painting and welding), shop standards, team building, SPC and modern quality assurance applications.
Johnson Controls is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, protected veteran status, status as a qualified individual with a disability, or any other characteristic protected by law. For more information, please view EEO is the Law. If you are an individual with a disability and you require an accommodation during the application process, please visit www.johnsoncontrols.com/

Additional Information
Overtime Status: Exempt
