Responsibilities/Qualification

With more than 80 years of experience engineering science and technology solutions to support national security, Alion supports clients with big ideas and real solutions.

Position Description

Alion Science and Technology’s Advanced Cyber Operations division is looking for highly qualified Database Engineer candidates to work as part of a diverse team of cyber and intelligence professionals providing 24/7 intelligence operations, systems engineering and innovation, and sustainment of Information Technology systems in support of Component Commanders providing relevant products to the war fighter. The Database Engineer will provide support to the customer’s database applications in order to provide accurate, time sensitive data while innovating, coordinating, and configuring resources to enable proficiency, cost savings, and improve reliability.

Duties and Responsibilities

Design, develop, build, analyze, evaluate and install database management systems to include database modeling and design, relational database architecture, metadata and repository creation and configuration management. Use data mapping, data mining and data transformational analysis tools to design and develop databases. Determine data storage and optimum storage requirements. Prepare system requirements, source analysis and process analyses and design throughout the database implementation. Evaluate, size and select technology components, such as software, hardware, and networking capabilities, for database management systems and application databases. Writes and tunes SQL queries for performance and scalability. Implements comprehensive backup and database replication solutions. Ensure compliance with technical data, instructions, and work standards.
The contractor shall create and test backups of data, provide data cleansing services, verify data integrity, implement access controls.
Ensure goals of customer satisfaction and team member performance are tracked and met
Provide notifications to the customer as necessary of database issues that could affect resource availability, reliability, confidentiality, or integrity
Qualifications

Education: High School Diploma or equivalent

Certifications: IAT LVL II or higher preferred

Experience: Minimum of 5 years’ database experience (SQL and Oracle)

Must hold a current TS/SCI clearance.

*CJ

Security Clearance

Top Secret/Sensitive Comp Info

Diversity Statement

We are an EOE that values our employee’s talent – regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, religion or other protected characteristics – Your Talent Is Our Strength.

Women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Alion will provide a reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans who need assistance to apply. Please visit the Alion Careers site for more information.

U.S. Citizenship Required for the majority of our positions.

]]>
