Job Description
ENGINEER EIT- HIGHWAY/ROADWAY

Location: San Antonio, TX

Department: Transportation, Planning & Design

Type: Full-time

Experience: Experienced

The Opportunity.

CONSOR is currently looking for an Engineer EIT for the Highway/Roadway group for our San Antonio office. As a dynamic and growing engineering consulting firm, CONSOR is full of opportunities for career development.

Essential Duties & Responsibilities.

Engineer EIT position with tremendous growth potential involving design of transportation project involving Highways/Roadways.

Required Credentials.

Looking for a highly motivated engineer EIT with 1 to 3 years of Highway/Roadway design experience for our San Antonio, TX office. This person must be willing to be able to assume increasing responsibilities as the job requires.
2-4 years’ experience in civil engineering
Exposure to general Highway/Roadway engineering design is a plus
Experience with computer applications such as AutoCAD, MicroStation and/or Civil 3D
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite
Ability to plan, schedule work and complete work assignments within established budgets and timelines
Strong organizational skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Ability to positively and effectively interact with people in all levels of organizations
Sound ethical character
Pass pre-employment substance abuse screening, background screening including previous employment, education, criminal history, and driving record verification.
Bachelor of Science in Civil or Structural Engineering, from an accredited college/university
E.I.T. Certification
Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Project drafting
Project design/review
Collection of data/report writing
Check plans/quality control
Construction cost estimating
Agency coordination
Construction observation/field work
Other miscellaneous duties as necessary
This job description may have been redacted to relay a general sense of the responsibilities and expectations of the position. In some instances, it may not describe all the tasks that may be assigned. As business demands change, the essential functions of some positions may also change. Position requires the successful completion of applicable pre-employment drug screening and background checks.

Company Overview.

Let the next big thing you engineer be your future at CONSOR Engineers!

CONSOR Engineers is inspiring vibrant communities by connecting people through innovative engineering solutions, focused on transportation planning and design, structural assessment, construction services, and water/wastewater. Our project portfolio includes thousands of projects across the United States and Canada with 46 offices in North America and 750+ employees. We are deeply committed to investing in our people – together we are stronger, more innovative, and able to fulfill an engineering vision that makes a true difference.

CONSOR champions growth, creativity, and well-being in our team members. We offer a competitive pay structure and comprehensive benefits package including 401(k), generous PTO, medical, dental, and vision benefits along with company-paid employee assistance program, life and disability insurance, and we recognize the need for work-life balance. Our core values define our company culture and remind us of what we all aspire to – Collaboration, Ownership, New ideas, Safety, Optimism, Respect, Integrity, and Quality (CONSORiq).

We’re made up of talented, collaborative, and driven folks from every civil engineering discipline. We are driven by producing outstanding work and thrive on tackling the biggest projects. If this sounds like a place you could see yourself shining (and we think it is), apply today and let’s create something amazing together!

Diversity Statement (EEO)

CONSOR is proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in our workplace. As an equal opportunity employer, we believe in each individual’s potential. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, or other status protected by law.

Powered by JazzHR

2HRJvwNPzK
