Description The Senior Business Intelligence Engineer solves complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. The Senior Business Intelligence Engineer work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Responsibilities Humana is a Fortune 60 market leader in integrated healthcare whose dream is to help people achieve lifelong well-being. As a company focused on the health and well-being of the people we serve, Humana starts from within, and is committed to providing progressive benefits that advance the employment experience and vitality of the associate community. Through offerings anchored in a whole-person view of human well-being, Humana embraces a focus on stimulating positive individual and population changes while nurturing a sense of security, enabling people to live life fully and be their most productive.Against that backdrop Humana is building a best-in-class Consumer Marketing organization to drive profitable membership growth across diverse business lines. We are seeking an experienced analyst to join our team in the role of Senior Business Intelligence Engineer.The Analytics and Reporting Marketing team is a part of Humana's Marketing Organization, supporting marketing initiatives with actionable data and insights across the full consumer lifecycle. We are looking for a Senior Business Intelligence Engineer who can play a leading role in measuring the effectiveness of targeted marketing campaigns and uncover deep insights about consumer to help us engage members and improve their health. The Senior Business Intelligence Engineer describes the tools, technologies, applications and practices used to collect, integrate, analyze, and present an organization's raw data in order to create insightful and actionable business information. Begins to influence department's strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments. The Senior Business Intelligence Engineer will work side-by-side with marketing strategy and business partners to establish realistic business goals for our messaging campaigns, develop data-driven strategies to meet those objectives, and measure success so we can continuously improve our efforts. The ideal candidate will have 5 or more years of experience leveraging analytics and statistical modeling to inform business decisions, and will have experience measuring outcomes to drive customer engagement. Key Responsibilities + Develop reports for the Neighborhood Center business and marketing teams, including operational reporting, campaign performance reporting, comparison of performance against goals, member snapshot profiling, and historical longitudinal views. + Create and analyze datasets on existing customer characteristics and campaign performance to enable continuous refinement of data-driven engagement marketing strategies. + Perform foundational diagnostic analysis to help teams understand why certain outcomes happened. + Build strong working relationships with other analytics team members in a collaborative, matrixed environment, actively serving as the engagement marketing team's primary interface in requesting advanced analyses or tool development from other analytics teams. + Gather requirements for the development of business intelligence tool enhancement and data visualizations, including dashboards and other reporting tools and infrastructure, so teams can monitor and optimize campaigns. + Serve as a key participant of a cross-functional, collaborative team focused on develop consumer-centric strategies that drive value to the member and the business. First Year Success Factors + You produce campaign reports that are consistently delivered, include appropriate levels of depth, and are highly trusted by fellow team members. + The insights you develop contribute to measurable campaign improvements and are acknowledged by others as being thoughtful and effective. + You are recognized by internal business partners as a team member who gets results. + You have developed effective partnerships with internal business partners and coworkers. Required Qualifications + Bachelor's degree and 5 or more years of data analysis OR Master's degree and 3 or more years of experience + Expert-level knowledge of Excel and Excel functions (Pivot Tables, VLOOKUP, IF functions, Formulas, Subtotal functions, conditional formatting, etc.) + Advanced experience working with big and complex data sets within large organizations + Strong experience with querying large data sets from data warehouses using languages such as SQL, SAS, R, and/or Python + Experience analyzing data to solve a wide variety of business problems and create data visualizations that drive strategic direction + Strong, demonstrated strategic, analytical thinking, and consulting skills + Proficiency in verbal and written communication to senior and executive leadership + Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences Preferred Qualifications + Advanced Degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field + Advanced in SQL, SAS and other data systems + Experience with tools such as Power BI, Tableau and/or Qlik for creating data visualizations + Experience creating analytics solutions for various healthcare sectors Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 About Us Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance. Humana Safety and Security Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
