Certification: Security+ CE

Roles and Responsibilities:
Perform systems analysis and systems design; translate system requirements into a conceptual system design.
The candidate shall perform studies as necessary to determine which closely related manual processes should be enveloped by these systems, to include level of automation, software selections, and whether or not to network the process.
Projects require the selection and adaptation of different methods and techniques.
Determine whether new software/applications are needed or if existing programs with modifications can satisfy requirements.
Provide technical support for locally developed applications.
Apply computer programming languages and techniques to formulate programming specifications and programming code.
The candidate shall design new or modify existing programs, codes, tests, debugs, documents as well as maintain programs.
The candidate shall evaluate and reduce parallel/redundant processes.
The candidate shall organize data for efficient access and any other factors that may affect the optimal performance of databases.
Extensive share point, .net, j Query, HTML.
Monitor the advancing technology of database management/design/administration.
The candidate shall evaluate and integrate new technology that will enhance the productivity of users.
The candidate shall be responsible for database availability, coordinate and resolve database software problems.
Develop security procedures to prevent unauthorized access into the databases.
The candidate shall implement control measures to ensure databases remain consistent with standards.
Evaluate, prepare and perform conversion of data projects.
The candidate shall evaluate alternatives and formulate plans for extracting data from systems capturing the output and reformulating into new required format.
Correct user identified problems, evaluate user initiated system change requests, develop and implement approved system change requests, evaluate and implement state of the art improvements to applications.
The candidate shall prepare feasibility studies for potential system changes or modifications.
Provide assistance with required modifications to clinical and administrative systems, maintain these computer software systems which organize, store, retrieve and perform complex manipulation of data which are subject to frequent change.
Evaluate commercial off-the-shelf application packages and identify those appropriate for projects with a view for compatibility with existing/projected systems.
Perform call-back duty on evenings, weekends, and holidays to provide guidance and support to customer support technicians on resolution of program/applications problems and/or failures, and may be required to return to the work site to resolve critical problems.
About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Technologies was established in 1997 and is headquartered in McLean VA. We are one of the leading IT services and solutions firm in the country with 12 regional offices and presence in all 50 states. We bring a mix of innovative technology and sector expertise to customers in defense, intelligence, civil, and healthcare markets. As our name implies, we are a forward thinking company with the ultimate goal of helping our customers implement innovative IT solutions that will satisfy their business needs. We combine real-world experience, specialized skills, innovative thinking, and industry knowledge to deliver quality IT solutions. At our core, we are about people - our customers and our employees.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
