Organization: Accenture Federal Services Location: San Antonio, TX

We are:

Accenture Federal Services, bringing together commercial innovation wi
the latest technology to unleash the potential for our federal clients.
Operating in the nation's Capital, we stay ahead of what s coming next.
Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and
interactive experiences that exceed our people s expectations. Join us wher
ideas are freely exchanged, and concepts evolve into practical solutions.

You are:

Responsible for building end-to -ETL processes for a variety of structured,
semi-structured, and unstructured data sources using a range of tools including
some ETL tools (Mulesoft) and open source programming (python) to ingest into a
Cloudera/Impala Data Lake environment. The successful candidate will have a
strong background in SQL, python, Linux, ETL best practices, strong attention
to detail, and a "can do" attitude.

Minimum_Skills
2+ years experience in building and evolving complex software system
for data processing and machine learning workloads 1+ years of knowledge
and experience with Databases SQL, NOSQL 1+ years of scripting skil
in at least one of the following: Shell, Perl, Python, Bash, or Ruby 1+
years of experience with Big Data processing and ML cloud native services
on one or more Cloud Platforms (GCP, Azure and/or AWS)
Preferred_Skills
Experience with AWS
Experience with Hadoop (Cloudera/Impala), Hive
Agile Scrum or Kanban experience or Training
Experience with Cloud base architecture (example: Bluemix, Google Cloud
or AWS development).
Experience using Apache Spark, Nifi and/or Kafka.
Experience using Python and Spark/Python/SQL and common data science
tools & libraries (e.g. NumPy, Pandas, etc.)
Proficiency in other programming languages (Java, etc.)
Im

IIMmportant information

An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for
this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated
Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not
now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization
in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN
visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of
Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed,
color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran
status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information,
marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal,
state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of
conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our
service men and women.

Show moreShow less
