Organization: Accenture Federal Services
Location: San Antonio, TX
We are:
AccentureFederal Services,bringing together commercial innovation with the latest technology to unleash the potential for our federal clients. Operating in the nation's Capital, we stay ahead of whats coming next. Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and interactive experiences that exceed our peoples expectations. Join us where ideas are freely exchanged, and concepts evolve into practical solutions.

You are:

A Cyber Security practitioner with regards to Authorization of information
systems and all associated cybersecurity policies and procedures. Fully versed in the general tenets supporting
the overall implementation of its authorization process, to include supporting
cybersecurity policy, procedures and processes. Leads and executes
cybersecurity processes while either authorizing an information system or
serving as a SME for an information system undergoing authorization. Possess an understanding of how the security
controls identified in the NIST 800-53 apply to the process of assessing and
authorizing large organization IT infrastructure and cloud technologies, in
which there is a compilation of large and small enclaves, AIS applications and outsourced
IT processes. Determines the applicable
severity value for an identified vulnerability (e.g., non-compliant security
control), and determines the possible ramifications on the systems current or
future authorization. Required to brief
customer on the progress or results of an information system undergoing the
authorization process.

The Work:

Guides and executes definition of security
objectives and system-level performance requirements.
Validates secure systems, tests security
products/systems to detect computer and information security weaknesses.
Conducts the formal Security Test and Evaluation
(ST&E) required by each government accrediting authority through pre-test
preparations, participation in the tests, analysis of the results and preparation
of required reports.
Conducts the periodic review of each systems
A&A package and monitors corrective actions until all actions are
closed.
Guides the development of integrated system
solutions ensuring proprietary/confidential data and systems are
protected.
Executes the establishment of strict program
control processes to ensure mitigation of risks and supports obtaining
certification and accreditation of systems.
Basic Skills & Qualifications1+ years of relevant A&A experience, Risk
Management Framework (RMF), and NIST 800-53 assessment experience
1+ years relevant experience in Enterprise
Mission Assurance Support Service (eMASS) or XACTA, etc experience
At least one of the following Certifications: IAT
Level II, Security+, CISSP, CEH, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, SSCP
US Citizenship - No Dual Citizenship
Preferred Skills & Qualifications
(ISC)2 CISSP, CISM, CISA Certification
An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
