Join our Space Avionics Subsystems Team to be responsible for design, analysis, documentation, verification, and testing of digital electronics hardware for space applications including command and control, data storage, signal processing, and communications. Lead the full lifecycle design for related flight digital electronics in high reliability systems for space applications. Define requirements, write specifications, perform analysis and implement designs from concept to hardware. Lead and collaborate with a team of engineers while interfacing with clients and compiling and presenting PowerPoint slides to justify design. You will also be responsible for design, test, and delivery of printed circuit boards, FPGA, and potentially, embedded processor designs. Complete worst-case timing analyses and other analyses necessary to justify related digital electronics. Travel is required in order to provide field support at customer facilities. Lead full PCB life cycle including providing direction to PCB designers/manufacturers, and working within an integrated project team with other disciplines such as packaging, parts, reliability, production and quality assurance


Education/Experience:


Requires a BS or MS degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering with 0-3 years of FGPA and circuit design experience. Must have at least a 3.0 GPA. Must possess solid design skills associated with electronics hardware, FPGA and Embedded Processor or Power Electronics and Analog Design, with experience in verification and validation of designs. Proficiency in Verilog, VHDL, FPGA design tools, simulation tools, clock routing and management, synchronous design and worst-case timing analysis is preferred. Must have strong electronics test and debugging skills. Requires strong verbal and written communication, as well as, presentation skills. Microsemi and/or Xillinx design experience is preferred. Familiarity with standard interface protocols such as Serial Rapid IO, Ethernet, SpaceWire, RS-422, and cPCI is a plus. A valid/clear driver's license is required.


Special Considerations:


Applicant selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Applicant must be a U.S. citizen.

Job Locations: San Antonio, Texas | Austin, Texas


For more information about this division, visit the Space Science & Engineering home page.

An Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
Race/Color/Religion/Sex/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin/Disabled/Veteran
Committed to Diversity in the Workplace
