DescriptionThe Senior Business Intelligence Engineer solves complex business problems and issues using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. The Senior Business Intelligence Engineer work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.ResponsibilitiesThe Senior Business Intelligence Engineer describes the tools, technologies, applications and practices used to collect, integrate, analyze, and present an organization's raw data in order to create insightful and actionable business information. Begins to influence department's strategy. Makes decisions on moderately complex to complex issues regarding technical approach for project components, and work is performed without direction. Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignments• This position will utilize data to identify process improvements by doing root cause analysis. The role will drive a better understanding of the data and what the data is showing. Additionally, this role will help in determining and maintaining our quality and controls methodology around data analytics. Required Qualifications+ Bachelor's degree+ 5+ years of technical experience in data analysis+ Comprehensive knowledge of Microsoft Office Applications including Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint+ Advanced in SQL and other tools in pulling and analyzing data.+ Experience in creating and maintaining ETLs+ Advanced experience working with big and complex data sets within large organizations+ Experience analyzing data to solve a wide variety of business problems and create data visualizations that drive strategic direction+ Proficiency in verbal and written communication to senior and executive leadershipPreferred Qualifications+ Advanced Degree in a quantitative discipline, such as Mathematics, Economics, Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field+ Experience with tools such as Power BI in creating data visualizations+ Expertise in data mining, forecasting, simulation, and/or predictive modeling+ Experience creating analytics solutions for various healthcare sectorsAdditional InformationThis position will be part of a dynamic and exciting new quality and controls department focused on reducing rework in the provider contract load area. This team will utilize data to drive process improvements, root cause analysis, and issues resolution. The team will focus on understanding processes such as IPAR submission and processes related to contract load and the impact of those processes to claims rework.Scheduled Weekly Hours40About UsMission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity EmployerIt is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster.If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance.Humana Safety and SecurityHumana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
