Description n support of Humanas vision to create simple, personalized and reliable experience for our healthcare customers, we are embarking on the legacy application Modernization journey. One of the key strategic initiatives of the Modernization is transformation of mainframe workloads to the Cloud. We are looking Senior Cloud Engineer(Messaging & Integration) responsible for engineering messaging solutions, building integration capabilities for enterprise self-service data consumption and utilization. We are expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, modernizing our data eco-systems as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross- Cloud Engineer to modernize existing and produce new scalable messaging and integration solutions. You will be part of a cross-functional team that will have a range of responsibilities from shaping and implementing strategic products to ensuring that the organization stays on the leading edge of technology.You should be a team player with a knack for creative design and passion to learning new ideas outside of scope or knowledge skillset. Responsibilities Cloud Engineer is a hands-on Cloud engineering role within agile migration a Cloud (Messaging & Integration) Engineer, you will: + Use agile engineering practices and various software and web development technologies to rapidly develop creative and efficient solutions + Analyze the needs and the environment to make sure the solution developed considers the current architecture and operating environment as well as future functionality and enhancements + Across the technology stack, from database to DevOps infrastructure, build native messaging solutions that supports different integration patterns + Will be instrumental in providing subject matter expertise in the deployment of the messaging and integration solutions within the program and build MVPs, co-ordinates analysis, planning and implement solution sets + Build and consume APIs that are Rest/JSON based working with continuous integration, continuous testing and continuous delivery + Will be responsible for building messaging solutions using products such as Apache Kafka, IBM MQ, Stream Sets, and Apache HTTP etc. + Analyze, designs, codes, test, debugs, maintains, modifies and document solution that are being built to enable the integration capabilities + Work with other frontend and backend developers, assist QA specialists, product owner and user experience with elaboration of user stories, acceptance criteria, and design decisions + Define, implement, and tune detective capabilities and data sources to detect and remediate issues related to runtime, performance and capacity for messaging solutions (i.e. MQ, Kafka etc.) Required Qualifications + Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related field + 5+ Hybrid cloud experience (Any cloud) + Five or more experience as a messaging and integration engineer using tools like IBM MQ, Kafka, Azure Queueing Services, Java spring, RDFS, etc. + API design, message and event streaming architecture constructs + Scripting experience Preferred Qualifications + Expertise in pair programming, continuous integration, test-driven development & incremental design + Experience with Message Queues like Kafka, Metrics, Events, Logging, and Tracing like Splunk, Elastic, relational, NoSQL data stores and Dynatrace, etc. + Cloud Developer or Cloud Engineer certificate(Azure preferred) + Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experience Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 About Us Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and thats why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact for assistance. Humana Safety and Security Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact to validate the request. Categories
Financial Services
Posted:

2020-07-13
Expires:

2020-08-12

Humana
