Job Description

Position Summary:


The Senior Analytics Engineer is responsible for providing high quality data driving solutions that address key business questions. The Senior Analytics Engineer works directly with other team members and organizational stakeholders to develop complete and insightful data driven Business Intelligence (BI) solutions. The analyst is expected to be competent in standard BI tools, such as MicroStrategy, but also be able to develop solutions in niche BI tools like Spotfire, Microsoft Power BI, and Tableau. Furthermore, the Senior Business Intelligence Analyst is required to have knowledge and practical experience with traditional relational database technologies. The analyst is responsible for developing rapid POCs and prototypes for numerous use cases and deploy applicable prototypes to the broader organization. This position is a member of a cross-functional team comprised of analytical and technical team members.

Responsibilities:
Develop business intelligence and analytical solutions in order to solve complex business problems leading to data driven decision making. Solutions need to not only answer what happened, but also answer why it happened and discern what to do next.
Work closely with key stakeholder to develop highly visual analytical workflows leverage MicroStrategy, Power BI, Tableau.
Transform data consumption from Excel based pivot tables to highly immersive data visualization applications.
Develop standard reports, dashboard and scorecards, leverage traditional BI tools like MicroStrategy.
Introduce and integrate data mining and predictive analytical techniques as a part of the core business intelligence offerings.
Participate in planning sessions with key stakeholders to develop use cases and requirements for data driven analytical solutions.
Take ownership of a problem and stay with it through to resolution -- often involves coordinating the actions of people in other teams to achieve the desired result.
Create rapid prototypes with team members leveraging traditional BI and database technologies and alternative solutions.
Identify and apply statistical and advanced analytical methods with customer teams enabling action-oriented results.
Ensure assigned deliverables are within business / audit control requirements.
Implement necessary processes and tools to ensure process maturity and best practices are followed.
Lead design discussions and decisions as it relates to business intelligence and database solutions and drive decisions through to completion.
Provide end user training and UAT support when required.
Required Qualifications:
5+ years of experience developing business intelligence reporting solutions.
2+ years of experience applying data analytical techniques within an organization.
4+ years of experience with MicroStrategy
Architect, Dossier, iCubes, Documents, and Mobile
MicroStrategy Administration is a plus
MicroStrategy 2019+ is a plus
Strong relational database knowledge (ERD), and SQL skills is required, preferably with Oracle Exadata
Experience with statistical tools, such as R or SAS is a plus
Experience with cloud-based solutions is a plus
Proficiency in core Microsoft Office applications
Strong knowledge of information visualization best practices and strategies
Excellent record in process ownership and development
Strong customer focus
Effective and clear communication skills with customers
Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently with shifting priorities
Working knowledge of agile project management principles is a plus
Must be a team player with positive attitude and able to work with a variety of people at all levels
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Mathematics or comparable
Wine / Beer / Beverage industry, three-tier system, business/systems analysis and change management experience is a plus
Location

Victor, New York

Additional Locations

Canandaigua, New York, Chicago, Illinois, Napa, California, San Antonio, Texas, San Francisco, California

Job Type

Full time

Job Area

Information Technology

Equal Opportunity

Constellation Brands is committed to a continuing program of equal employment opportunity. All persons have equal employment opportunities with Constellation Brands, regardless of their sex, race, color, age, religion, creed, sexual orientation, national origin or citizenship, ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition (cancer or genetic characteristics), marital status, gender (including gender identity or gender expression), familial status, military or veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related conditions (or any other group or category within the framework of the applicable discrimination laws and regulations).
