Overview


Elbit Systems of America is a leading provider of high performance products, system solutions, and support services focusing on the defense, homeland security, commercial aviation, and medical instrumentation markets. With facilities throughout the United States, Elbit Systems of America is dedicated to supporting those who contribute daily to the safety and security of the United States. Elbit Systems of America, LLC is wholly owned by Elbit Systems Ltd. (NASDAQ: ESLT and TASE: ESLT), a global high technology company engaged in a wide range of programs for innovative defense and commercial applications. For additional information, visit: www.elbitsystems-us.com or follow us on Twitter.

The Quality Engineer is responsible for establishing, implementing and maintaining an integral, efficient and cost-effective company program to assure the quality of materials purchased, processed, manufactured and/or distributed. Ensures customer acceptance and satisfaction of all repaired or manufactured products.

Responsibilities


Responsibilities:
Assist in developing and establishing Quality Assurance programs to provide and maintain the highest quality levels for an assigned project, product or area.
Conduct audits to evaluate operating characteristics of products or processes. Evaluate data and prepare reports and summaries outlining results and recommend revisions or modifications to the product or process to maintain or improve product quality.
Assist in complete failure analysis investigations to determine the root cause and take appropriate corrective action to revise design, methods and inspection/test instructions to prevent failure recurrence.
Devise and implement methods, Key Process Indicators (KPI)and procedures for inspecting, testing, and evaluating the precision and accuracy of assigned products or production equipment.
Maintain the Material Review Board and Warranty Evaluation processes.
Drive our zero defect mindset culture into the organization.
Direct supplier improvement programs and maintain appropriate supplier rating system inclusive of necessary controls to assure optimization of operations as well as compliance to government requirements with regards to subcontract/supplier controls.
Establish computerized data systems for quality and reliability to optimize defect analysis and corrective action activities to meet company objectives and customer requirements.
Keep abreast of technologies and evaluate new ideas and current developments in the fields of quality assurance and control, test and inspection. Recommend and implement new applications to improve quality standards and procedures.
Promote satisfactory employee relations and adherence to company policy and procedures.
Qualifications


BASIC REQUIREMENTS
Must have a Bachelor's degree in an engineering discipline
Must have 5+ years of Quality Engineering experience
Lean Six Sigma experience
PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS
A Bachelor's degree in Engineering and 2‑4 years related experience to be proficient in the above areas or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
Black Belt certification
AS9100 experience
FAA experience or designations (A&P, AI, DMIR, DER ,DAR)
ASQ Certified Quality Engineer
Certified AS9100/ISO9001 Auditor
Minitab or advanced Excel proficiency
Elbit Systems of America is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D.
