16814: Cyber Test Engineer

Location: Texas, San Antonio
Clearance: TS/SCI
Description:
Provide test engineering support to 24 AF. Perform operational testing (OT) activities of telecommunications and computer network systems to include early influence, initial test planning, detailed test planning, test execution, test evaluation, data analysis, and test reporting.
Requirements:
Security Clearance: Top Secret SCI

Education/Certifications: Five (5) years of test experience; five (5) years specialized technical experience

Relevant Experience: Knowledge of the entire Air Force life-cycle testing process to include contractor testing (CT), interoperability testing, DT&E, and OT&E

Key Requirements: Proficient with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel,Power Point, Access, Outlook), Microsoft Visio, and other common office software. Understand telecommunications and/or computer network threats and capabilities

Position Specific Responsibilities:
Provide support in various roles germane to that of a fast-paced, operational testing and evaluation (OT&E) environment.
Develop and update a variety of operational testing documents to include briefings, plans, memos, checklists, reports, etc.
Create documents based on various document templates from several testing organizations.
Develop Critical Operational Issues (COI), Operational Capabilities (OC), Measures of Effectiveness (MOE), Measures of Suitability (MOS), and Measures of Performance (MOP).
Develop new or modify existing test methodologies to enable a disciplined and repeatable process of OT metrics.
Coordinate with range engineers to design and develop operationally relevant, telecommunications and/or computer test networks.
Perform analytics on data pulled from multiple complex sources.
Construct and execute SQL and database queries to extract needed data.
For more than 36 years, MacAulay-Brown, Inc. (MacB) has been solving some of the Nation’s most complex National Security challenges. Defense, Intelligence Community, Special Operations Forces, Homeland Security and Federal agencies rely on our advanced engineering services and product solutions to meet the challenges of an ever-changing world. Join MacB where you will work a with team of highly experienced professionals in the areas of Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Research Development Test and Evaluation, Information Operations, fabrication, IT solutions, Logistics and Acquisition Management. MacB has won multiple workplace awards, offers generous salaries and benefits, and has outstanding growth opportunities.

#CJ
