Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, youll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, Malware Reverse Engineer in to join our team in the San Antonio Texas area.

This rewarding and challenging position will support USCYBERCOM to produce an enterprise capability for the DoD to improve cyberspace operations and defend U.S. vital national security interests.

Responsibilities include, but not limited to:
Uses both static and dynamic tools/techniques to analyze and reverse-engineer malware
Assists DCO/OCO analysts with complex analysis of forensic, event, and signature data as well as binary, mobile, executable code leading to the detection of a variety of threat types including malware and potentially advanced persistent threats
Documents the analysis techniques in a triage database to assist others in timely kill chain analysis
Captures and performs initial analysis on captured volatile data, log data, and network traffic data to identify immediate intrusion related artifacts which in turn will allow immediate defensive countermeasures to be implemented
Develops necessary procedures or scripts to identify such data
Serves as the subject matter expert (SME) on malware detection, analysis and mitigation
Security Clearance Requirement:
TS SCI
Position Requirements:
Eight (8) years of demonstrated experience in reverse engineering malware
Ability to develop code that takes advantages of a weakness in an operating system, application or any other software code, including application plug-ins
Familiar with disassembly tools and able to develop functional exploits, create custom shellcode, develop code that can bypass typically security measures
Experience with ring 0 programming
Ability to understand and create code in C, and Python or JavaScript
Demonstrated experience and/or training in using both static and dynamic tools/techniques to analyze and reverse-engineer malware, to include: Binary Ninja, Immunity Debugger, Ollydbg, Windbg, Ida Pro, and/or Ghidra
Applicants will be subject to a government security background investigation
Note: A Bachelors Degree in computer science, computer engineering, information systems, or related discipline may be substituted for four (4) years of experience, or a Master of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, information systems or related discipline may be substituted for six (6) years experience
Physical Requirements:
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Detect, Determine, Perceive, Identify, Recognize, Judge, Observe, Inspect, Estimate, Assess
Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer.
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
