Have you ever tried to hire a plumber? How about a house cleaner? If you have, chances are it took you way longer than it should. In the era of instant-everything, it's crazy that you still have to waste an entire afternoon researching, calling and vetting local service professionals whenever you need one. The market for hiring them is huge — $1 trillion in the US alone — but the process is inefficient and largely offline.

Thumbtack is transforming this experience end-to-end, building a marketplace that matches millions of people with local pros for almost any project. In making these connections, not only do our customers get more done every day, our pros are able to grow their businesses and make a living doing what they're great at.

These customers and pros come from all walks of life and every zip code in the country. We want our team to reflect that. If you come from an underrepresented background in tech, we strongly encourage you to apply. We challenge ourselves every day to make this a place where you can thrive just the way you are, so we can build a product that does the same for our customers and pros.

About the Engineering Team


At Thumbtack, engineers at every level build products and systems that directly impact our customers and professionals. Our challenges span a wide variety of areas, ranging from building search and booking experiences to optimizing pricing systems, to building tools to help professionals grow their businesses. We believe in tackling these hard problems together as a team, with strong values around collaboration, ownership, and transparency. To read more about the hard problems that our team is taking on, visit our engineering blog.

About the Role


As our Senior Data Engineer, you will help to grow our Data Services team focused on business intelligence, and play a leading role on our Analytics Infrastructure team. You'll architect, design and develop a foundational, strategic vision for how we can continue to scale our world-class data environment and make our data accessible and digestible for reporting and analysis across the company. You'll collaborate with our Analytics and Infrastructure teams to manage and own our data warehouse used by hundreds across the company to drive reporting and analysis. Over time you will implement a portfolio of tools that empower analysts across the company to analyze and enrich our terabytes of data about our customers and pros. We're looking for a skilled data engineer and leader who can blend deep technical understanding with a bias for action and a strong sense of collaboration.

Responsibilities
Proactively drive the vision for BI and Data Warehousing across the company, and define and execute on a roadmap to achieve that vision
Design, architect, and maintain a data warehouse that supports a rapidly evolving product, in partnership with our stellar analytics and data services teams
Define, document and socialize foundational aspects of our reporting and analytical data model
Build and own the reporting pipelines and infrastructure that organize and structure our terabytes of data into digestible tables that empower analysis and reporting across the company
Drive data quality across key product and business areas
Collaborate closely with analysts to ensure our analytical infrastructure helps meet our company goals and allows product development to move fast
Partner with data services and product engineering teams to ensure consistent, seamless tracking and measurement of key company and product metrics
Must-Have Qualifications


If you don't think you meet all of the criteria below but still are interested in the job, please apply. Nobody checks every box, and we're looking for someone excited to join the team.
6 or more years of experience working in data or backend engineering, where your primary focus was on datastores and business intelligence, serving analysis and reporting functions
Experience building ETL data pipelines in a programming language like Python or Scala
Experience designing, architecting, and maintaining a data warehouse that seamlessly stitches together data from production databases, clickstream event data, and external APIs to serve teams of analysts
Experience being a project manager across a set of diverse projects with a strong track record of delivering against aggressive timelines
Excellent ability to understand the needs of and collaborate with stakeholders in other functions, especially the Analytics team
Nice-to-Have Qualifications
Experience managing or leading a data engineering team
Experience in an online marketplace or similar consumer technology company
Experience with a modern public cloud-based tech stack on AWS/GCP and the Google BigQuery data environment
Experience orchestrating data pipelines that serve hourly or daily metric reporting in Airflow
Experience with streaming or near-real time data pipelines
Experience building data pipelines in Scala
More About Us


Thumbtack is a local services marketplace – one of the largest in the U.S. – that helps millions of people hire local professionals. With hundreds of unique service categories, customers can find a Thumbtack pro for almost anything: landscapers, DJs, personal trainers, even piano teachers. And in making these connections, we empower local pros too. Helping them get new customers and make a living doing what they're great at.

Founded in 2008 and headquartered in San Francisco,Thumbtack is backed by over $400 million in investment from Sequoia Capital, CapitalG, Tiger Global Management, Javelin Investment Partners and Baillie Gifford.
See what it's like to work here
Meet the pros who inspire us
Engineers on a mission
Follow us on LinkedIn
Thumbtack embraces diversity. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and do not discriminate on the basis of sex, race, color, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, citizenship, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

The California Consumer Privacy Policy Act (the "CCPA") obligates covered businesses to disclose to consumers (including employees and job applicants), at or before the point of collecting personally identifiable information ("PII"), the categories of PI to be collected and the purposes for which the categories of PI shall be used.

In the course of the job application process, we may collect the following categories of PI for the purposes of evaluating you as a job applicant:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver's license number, passport number, social security number, or other similar identifiers;
Professional or employment-related information.
We will not collect any additional categories of personal information or use your personal information collected for any other purpose without providing you with additional notice consistent with the CCPA.
