Position Details

Title of Position Enterprise Systems Engineer
Requisition Number BES20200234P
Department Posting Name Enterprise Infrastructure Systems
Location Main Campus
Recruitment Type External
Position Type This is a Classified, benefits eligible, position.
Grant Funded? No
Hours per week 40
If employee will be working a schedule other than Monday - Friday, 8:00am - 5:00pm, specify hours and days to be worked

This position will be required to participate in an on-call rotation (nights and weekends) for one week at a time. The frequency of the on-call rotation may vary.
If Temporary, Ending Date
Recruiting Rate $65,000-$78,000/Annualized (beginning salary negotiable based on qualifications)
Beginning Salary Flexibility Yes
Pay Basis Salary
Required Education Bachelor's Degree
Do you want to allow additional experience to substitute for required education? Yes (1 Year Experience = 1 Year Education)
Preferred Education Bachelor's Degree
Field of Study

Preferred Information Systems or Computer Science.
MS Office Experience Required Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Access
Will this position require driving a UT or personally owned vehicle? Yes - Marginal Function
Other Computer and Software Skills Required

N/A
Experience and Other Skills Required

Five (5) years of experience with common server hardware architecture including servers (CPU, bus, memory), SANS, disk arrays, network hardware.

Three (3) years of experience with Operating Systems (e.g., Windows, Solaris, OR Linux, including processes, files, memory management and I/O systems; distributed information systems including 2 and 3 tier designs, and web based systems; networking services and protocols (e.g., TCP/IP, SSL, FTP, Telnet, LDAP).

Basic understanding of IP networking, basic routing, TCP ports and network services, including SSH, LDAP, SFTP and HTTP.

Ability to design, promote, and implement change control and configuration management, patch management, high availability systems, structured design and support methodologies.
Do you want to allow additional education to substitute for required experience? No
Other Skills Preferred

Five (5) years of experience in supporting, configuring, administering, monitoring Red Hat/CentOS Linux operating systems in an enterprise environment.

Two (2) years of experience in automation/administration utilizing Red Hat Ansible/Tower, Puppet, Chef or other automation technologies.

One (1) year of experience in Red Hat/CentOS patch management utilizing Red Hat Satellite server or similar technologies.

One (1) years of experience in administering VMware in an enterprise environment.

One (1) year of experience in managing, administering and maintaining system level backups.

Understanding of Red Hat/CentOS server operating system processes, files, memory-management, security, host-based firewall, and user-management.

Understanding of system level monitoring, alerting, and performance optimization.

Understanding of directory services and related concepts such as LDAP,
Active Directory, Shibboleth.

Ability to program/script system support tasks in Power Shell, bash, or other general-purpose system configuration management tools.

Understanding of LAMP, WordPress, Web server support.

Understanding and ability to diagnose and troubleshoot systems, networking services and protocols issues.

Excellent communication and teamwork skills.

Ability to work in a diverse and fast paced team environment.

Ability to handle diverse situations, multiple tasks and rapidly changing priorities.

Ability to recognize procedural issues, advise corrective actions and escalate when appropriate.

Excellent analytical and time management skills.
Description of Job Duties

1. Plans and designs implementation of new servers, storage products, and applications. Documents processes, procedures, and proposes improvements.

2. Architects, manages, tests, and provides support to multiple enterprise wide systems and servers in a data center environment

3. Designs, installs and supports enterprise-wide computing systems, and related infrastructure, e.g., Active Directory, BIND, CIFS, NFS, WINS, DNS, DHCP.

4. Architects and implements security for server protection and client access.

5. Analyzes server requirements from functional specifications.

6. Develops and maintains hardware and application documentation standards in enterprise data center environment.

7. Consults on server application design; coordinates changes to server applications, including upgrades, patches and fixes.

8. Schedules and performs installation and upgrades and maintains them in accordance with established Information Technology policies and procedures.

9. Monitors and tunes the system to achieve optimum performance levels.

10. Recognizes and troubleshoots problems with server hardware and applications.

11. Ensures data or media recoverability by implementing a schedule of system backups.

12. Supports media management through internal methods and procedures and through offsite storage and retrieval services.

13. Conducts routine hardware and software audits of servers to ensure compliance with established standards, policies, and configuration guidelines.

14. Develops and maintains a comprehensive operating system hardware and software configuration database or library of all supporting documentation.

15. Assists with special projects, as needed.

16. Knowledge of all Microsoft Office software and able to learn and use institutional software systems.

17. Complies with all State and University policies.

18. Other duties may be assigned.
Posting Open Date 06/26/2020
Posting Close Date at midnight on
Open Until Filled Yes
Special Notes To Applicants

-UTSA is a tobacco-free campus.

-UTSA is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Minorities, women, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

-This is a security sensitive position. Employment is contingent upon a successful background check.

-Applicants who are selected for interviews must be able to show proof that they are eligible and qualified to work in the United States by time of hire.

-At the discretion of the hiring department, this position posting may be closed once a sufficient number of qualified applications has been received.
