Cyber Defense Infrastructure Engineer Managed Detection & Response

Location: San Antonio, Texas

Our mission is to reduce risk to customers business to allow them to achieve their objectives. We are focused on delivering real security value for an affordable price no snake oil. To help in this mission, we are looking for an experienced cyber defense infrastructure engineer. You will work in a tight knit, experienced team backed up by an international organization thats been in business for 18 years.

About Us

The Managed Detection & Response service is a new line of business (think division, business unit, etc) as of this year. We are an experienced team having built successful Managed Security offerings in the past and staffed by veteran cyber-warfare operators from the military and intelligence services. We all got into this business to provide security services that make customers safer. We must make some money to do that, but our primary goal is to provide services that secure, not just ones that sell.

Our team has been around the block together and operate in a 24x7 environment where we manage emergency situations for customers. For this to work, we must trust each other. As a leadership team, we focus on building that trust through accountability, processes and personal relationships. We have plenty of experienced folks with and without families and understand that not all teams can be built outside of work, but we do try to get our folks together as often as possible.

About the Role

The Managed Detection & Response services are specialized, outcome focused offerings that require people, process and technology to be successful. This role designs, implements and manages the tool infrastructure required for the security operations team.

You will work with our product and security teams to understand where technology can help both our operational efficiency (how good we are at what we do and how well do we scale it) and our customers solve their security issues in a wide variety of technical domains. You will work to implement scalable, security solutions selected by operations and product teams, monitor system performance, and troubleshoot issues from both the customer and operations team.

You will be successful in this role if you are interested in learning new technologies in a wide variety of specializations including public and private clouds, host and networking as well as security tooling domains. You will need to develop deep relationships with the operations and product teams to identify areas where technology can help solve problems. Finally, you need an attention to detail and love of creating and iterating on operational process. The problem isnt solved until its in production and the ops team is using it.

About You

You will be the first Defensive Engineer in our group. This role covers a wide array of technical disciplines we understand that it is unlikely that well find one single person that is an expert in everything we need. We will continue to expand the Defensive Engineer team to include folks with complementing skills, but in the meantime, look at the domains below. If you have expertise in some and familiarity with others drop us a line and well talk.

Security Technologies understanding of common security technologies like EPP, NGFW, NTA, VM, etc, how they are deployed and used, the relevant vendors and the strengths and weaknesses.

Public & Private Clouds Knowledge and experience with deploying solutions to various cloud platforms (e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure, VMWare)

Automation Tooling Knowledge and experience with tools like Terraform, Ansible, etc

Host & Network Infrastructure Knowledge and experience with Linux, Mac and Windows will be important as well as an understanding of modern networking structures.

Trouble Shooting Working with vendors to identify and fix issues with security tooling

You will need excellent communication skills in both spoken and written in English and be capable of writing clear and concise documentation for our operations teams. If desired, you will be able to write publicly facing technical document for our Bitdefender Labs (https://labs.bitdefender.com/) site about the work you do which should help improve your personal security brand.

Due to the needs of our small, growing team, this role will be based in our new office in downtown San Antonio, Texas.

About Bitdefender

Bitdefender is a world-wide leader in cyber security. Founded in 2001 in Romania, Bitdefender is a 1,600 employee, private company growing rapidly in all parts of the globe. We work with consumers, governments and businesses of all sizes to deliver security to over half a billion endpoints while consistently besting our competition in third-party testing and verification.

Bitdefender is a research and development driven organization. To consistently win best in class awards (https://www.bitdefender.com/business/awards.html), we invest in cutting edge research with over 50% of our staff being dedicated to research and engineering leading to over 100 patents in topics like machine learning issued in the last 3 years with another 230 under examination.

We offer a growing suite of products and services for endpoints, networks, cloud workloads, threat intelligence and services to solve problems for all our customers. Many of the other leading cyber-security companies leverage Bitdefender technology to deliver the best outcomes to their customers.

Benefits

This role is for a fast-growing startup inside a larger organization. This enables us to offer a compelling suite of benefits while still allowing us to move fast and experiment like a smaller organization. This includes:
Wide variety of health and wellness plans
Competitive salary and total compensation plans with quarterly bonuses
401k retirement planning
Paid career development and training
Subsidized cell phones and gym membership
GIANT 34 CURVED MONITORS. ITS LIKE BEING IN A SPACESHIP
The information regarding the protection of your private data is available here:
https://www.bitdefender.com/media/materials/gdpr/notice_gdpr_policy_bitdefender_candidates_eng.pdf

Powered by JazzHR
