This position is located in El Paso, Texas. You will need to relocate to El Paso.Email your resume directly to apply! @ivy.greenhouse.ioCompany OverviewCome join a higher calling and find a deeper purpose!TuSimple is a global Artificial Intelligence Technology Company. We are the epicenter of the Autonomous Vehicle Universe. Our breakthroughs are multiple generations ahead of anyone in the world. While inventing the framework of Autonomous Driving, our current fleet of autonomous Trucks are helping communities receive much-needed supplies and medical equipment around the clock. Our people are some of the most talented engineers and contributors who are leaving behind a historic legacy.TuSimple was founded half a decade ago with the goal of bringing the top minds in the world together to achieve the dream of a driverless truck solution. With a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and Artificial Intelligence, TuSimple is working to create the first GLOBALLY commercially viable autonomous truck driving platform!Opportunity OverviewWe are looking for a talented Operation and Test Engineer in El Paso, Texas, with experience in computer software and hardware as well as technical documentation to join our team! You will record any technical notes and tag events as they occur. You will be working alongside autonomous vehicle operators monitoring, troubleshooting and documenting the performance of the autonomous system.Requirements* Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in IT, Computer Science, STEM or a related field* Experience in Linux (Ubuntu) as an user* Strong technical documentation skills* Excellent communication and interpersonal skills* Ability to use command line interfaces* Basic automotive electrical or computer system understanding* Reliable and safety oriented* Willing to be flexible on work schedule and open to learning new technology* Up to 75% Travel (Hotel and Meals Provided by Company)Responsibilities* Basic troubleshooting of hardware and software issues* Accurately set up, collect, verify and analyze data* Document technical notes and tag events* Conduct pre and post trip inspections of the autonomous system* Perform data offloads and post trip system shutdowns* Spend extended periods of time testing and documenting in vehicle* Interface with testing teams in Tucson to discuss performance and upcoming changes* You will spend long hours in a commercial vehicle hauling freight with a commercial driverThis role will require 4 weeks of on site training in Tucson AZ. Training will be paid at your normal salary. Meals and accommodations will be provided by the company.Planned Schedule* 4 x 11 hour routes Monday - Thursday evenings beginning around 9 or 10pm but subject to change if business needs change. Flexibility is required.Bonus Points* Experience with autonomous vehicles* Experience with computer hardware troubleshooting* Experience with commercial or heavy off highway vehiclesPerks* Employer-paid health, dental and vision insurance (very good PPO insurance)* Top-of-the-line tech equipment and office furniture (very comfortable)* Competitive Salary. We know you're worth it!* Bonuses, Bonuses, Bonuses!* Individual employee training education budget (spend it on the education and training you want!)* We are a fast-growing, IPO-Bound Golden Unicorn! The energy here is amazing!TuSimple is an Equal Opportunity Employer. This company does not discriminate in employment and personnel practices on the basis of race, sex, age, handicap, religion, national origin or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. Hiring, transferring and promotion practices are performed without regard to the above-listed items.
