Engineer Senior-Level

BB&E is a civil, environmental and energy engineering and consulting company, headquartered in Northville, Michigan, which services both the Federal and Industrial sectors throughout the United States. BB&E team members specialize in civil and environmental engineers and professionals providing Environmental consulting, Facilities Engineering and Program/Project Management Services to Federal and private sectors. BB&E is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Please submit your resume/qualifications and salary requirements. All offers of employment at BB&E, Inc. are contingent upon a thorough background check conducted on all final candidates, as deemed necessary and per State and Federal laws. BB&E offers a full competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k).
BB&E is an Equal Opportunity Employer, Female/Minority/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
BB&E is seeking to fill an Engineer Senior-Level role to support the AFCEC/CP onsite at JBSA-Lackland, TX.

JOB DESCRIPTION:

Demonstrate experience and knowledge of Activity Management, Requirement Identification, and Project Programming Programs or cross-Directorate programs which are still under development and need support to meet the end-state.
Develop life-cycle sustainment and risk mitigation strategy recommendations for two FYDPs for each portfolio.
Analyze built infrastructure data, aggregate requirements, assesses asset performance predictions from SMS, analyze statistics and trend across portfolios, validate data, perform data management, compile other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommend enhancements to processes.
Support AMP Enterprise Managers with the development of portfolio-specific SEEDs to support Installation Development Plans (IDPs) and the Enterprise Planning Process.
Maturation of Requirement Identification by analyzing built infrastructure data, aggregating requirements, assessing asset performance predictions from SMS, analyzing statistics and trends across portfolios, validating data, performing data management, compiling other summarizing reports for each AMP portfolio, and recommending enhancements to process.
Assisting in the AFCAMP process, establishment of document templates/tools, logistic support, training, and process refinement recommendations associated with the maturation of the AFCAMP process.
May oversee the efforts of less senior staff and/or be responsible for the efforts of all staff assigned to a specific job.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

MA/MS degree and 10 years of related experience.
Must have a recent NACI Clearance for a Common Access Card (CAC), or the ability to obtain one.
Position may require a Secret Security Clearance.
Motivated self-starters requested.
