The primary purpose of this position is to serve as an Environmental Engineer with project management, execution, and operations responsibility in assigned project(s) within a program element.IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience; transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.In order to qualify, you must meet the specialized experience requirements described in the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) Qualification Standards for General Schedule Positions, Individual Occupational Requirements, Professional and Scientific Positions.

BASIC EXPERIENCE:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0800/files/all-professional-engineering-positions-0800.pdf

GS-05: Applicants who meet the basic requirements described in the individual occupational requirements are fully qualified for the specified entry grade (generally grade GS-05).

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE:

GS-07: One year of specialized experience to at least the GS-05 grade level under the General Schedule (GS) or other pay systems. Examples of specialized experience includes performing engineering duties of limited scope in professional knowledge of environmental engineering concepts and principles as well as the ability to apply standard environmental practices, methods, and techniques to perform, following specific instructions, relatively routine projects or a portion of a larger and more complex project.

GS-09: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-07 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: Perform a variety of duties relating to environmental engineering services involving design criteria and facility surveys for construction and maintenance of facilities and utility systems.

GS-11: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-09 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: Copes with complex problems of determining the technical feasibility, economic considerations and programs management of projects with large financial expenditures. Responsible for a wide variety of engineering disciplines involving mechanical, environmental and civil work.

GS-12: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-11 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: Technical authority on all aspects of one or more specialty areas (e.g., plume migration, containment, ground water and soil cleanup, sold waste management units clean/closure, and related areas).

GS-13: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-12 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include experience in a broad range of activities involving complex, obscure, or novel aspects of the specialty area such as dealing with technological developments, new regulations, and the lasts and sometimes conflicting, scientific evidence and trends. Technical expert in a specialty area that includes development guidelines to be used by operating personnel and providing expert advice and assistance on a full range of scientific problems involving all aspects on environmental planning, compliance, and restoration.

GS-14: One year of specialized experience equivalent to at least the GS-13 grade level. Examples of specialized experience include: Expert knowledge of scientific or engineering concepts and principles in the area of environmental management. Responsible for federal budget process, the DoD Planning, Programming, Budget System, budgetary policies, regulations procedure and guidelines of the Air Force, the sources, types and methods. As a manager, the ability to assure a smooth and integrated accomplishment of many varied and highly complex projects simultaneously. Resolve technical, financial and administrative problems encountered at all stages of project accomplishment.

To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link:
https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-PROF

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of environmental engineering principles and concepts needed for application to a wide range of environmental situation in designing and planning for Air Quality, Water Quality, Asbestos, Lead Based Paint, Toxic Substance Controls, Pollution Prevention, Hazardous Waste, Solid Waste, Above/Underground Storage Tanks, and Permit Management.
Knowledge of policies, objectives, needs and practices applicable to the full range of duties concerned with the operation, maintenance and modification of pollution abatement facilities.
Knowledge and skill to assess the impact of the installation's activities on public safety, ecology and environment.
Knowledge of Environmental Regulations including Federal, State and Local regulatory requirements.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
