Job Description
Must have active TS/SCI clearance

Required Skills:
Prepare Developmental Test & Evaluation (DT&E) plans, test cases, and report according to established test methodologies and procedures.
Perform functional testing at the system, interoperability, and integration test levels on various systems and networks under the direction of a Senior Test Engineer.
Participate in all phases of software and hardware development to include requirements development, risk assessments, and acceptance criteria development.
Coordinate with customers, test engineers and range engineers to ensure the test infrastructure meet desired test objectives and data collection requirements.
Actively communicate throughout the acquisition process in order to influence development of a testable capability or product.
Perform as a technology subject matter expert and provide advice to customers.
Compile and analyze test results data to determine conformity of the product or capability to the requirements.
Document change requests/deficiencies of the product or capability as a result of test data analysis.
Actively participate cooperatively in Agile team planning and test execution
Ability to interface with contractors developing the system under test (SUT) regarding test objectives, schedules, budgets, and methods of test.
Must be able to obtain and maintain an active Top Secret/SCI clearance.
Must obtain the International Software Testing Qualifications Board (ISTQB) Certified Tester Foundational Level (CTFL) certification within 6 months of hire.
Must obtain the ISTQB Certified Tester Advanced Level-Test Analyst (CTAL-TA) certification within 2 years of hire.
Must have good writing/oral presentation skills.
Must be proficient with the Microsoft Office Suite.
Five years of intensive and progressive experience in a computer-related field.
Minimum of one year software testing for software / hardware applications or systems is required.
Expereince with cyber operations
Desired Skills:
Working knowledge of the following: Linux, Windows, VMware, OSI Model, Network traffic collection and analysis, enterprise network architecture, communication equipment and technologies, routers, mail and web servers, Intrusion Detection & Prevention Systems, firewalls, anti-virus tools, and network traffic generation.
Software Test automation experience.
Python or another Scripting Language
Understanding of AFIN & DODIN architecture.
Powered by JazzHR

15MSpGHdyV
