One of Airetel Staffing's valued clients is looking for a Systems Engineer in San Antonio, TX.

Manager Notes:
Knowledge of cloud technologies
Understands both SaaS and IaaS.
Functions as a Project Lead. Knowledge and awareness of Oracle HCM. Participates in scrum teams and may lead a scrum team. Lead/tracking assigned project team activities for development and implementation efforts; develop and manage project level schedule for assigned efforts.
Solid understanding of software and systems development lifecycle and systems engineering role throughout lifecycle. Understands Warehouse solutions and the concepts of transforming data from transactional systems. Detailed knowledge of many of the systems engineering competencies listed above under Scope. Able to handle seldom and unusually occurring job events.
Manage team with agile principles working customer status meetings and iterative scrum release updates; focus at evolving concepts and technologies into integrated solutions.
Job Description
Knowledge and awareness of cloud technologies.
Participates in systems engineering activities that may include developing CONOPS, requirements analysis and decomposition, developing and/or updating systems architect diagrams and solutions, perform analysis and design, defining interface and data architectures. May participates in scrum teams and may lead a scrum team.
May serve as sole system engineer on a small to medium sized project, or as team lead for a portion of a large or complex project. Plans and executes highly complex engineering activities. Lead/track assigned project team activities for development and implementation efforts; develop and manage project level schedule for assigned efforts. Provides solutions to complex problems of diverse scope where analysis of situation or data requires an in-depth evaluation of various factors. Able to articulate complex solutions to team and customer.
Solid understanding of system architectures and how software applications integrates into the solution; understanding of systems development lifecycle and systems engineering role throughout lifecycle, focusing on decomposing requirements and document design concepts. Understands data models and has an understanding of warehouse solutions and the concepts of transforming data from transactional systems. Detailed knowledge of many of the systems engineering competencies.
Participate (and potentially manage assigned small team) with agile principles which include working daily customer status meetings and planning/coordinating iterative scrum release updates. Actively engaged at evolving concepts and technologies into integrated solutions.
Key skills should include:
Knowledge of cloud technologies
Able to work in a face-paced environment
Strong technically
Understands agile principles and methods
Understands key need for tracking work effort progression
Experience in writing technical and strategic papers
Excellent communication skills
Good people skills

Airetel Staffing, Inc. is nationally recognized as a Best of Staffing Award Winner for both Client and Talent Satisfaction by Inavero, as well as a Best Staffing Firm to Work For recognized by Staffing Industry Analysts.
For more details or to view other opportunities, visit us at www.airetel.com or call 214-353-0561.
