Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, youll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement. Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, Microservices Software Engineer in to join our team in the San Antonio Texas area.

This rewarding and challenging position will support USCYBERCOM to produce an enterprise capability for the DoD to improve cyberspace operations and defend U.S. vital national security interests.

Responsibilities include, but not limited to:
Advance our Nations Cyber objectives aligned to the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture (JCWA) through the creation of Offensive, Defensive, and Shared Services applications using microservices
Resolve customer requirements and propose solutions for cyber weapon system modifications and enhancements
Discover and propose solutions to resolve various customer requirements such as:
Deployment of commercial or open source software
Development of custom software
System configuration modifications
Debugging and optimization
Collaborate with developers, system engineers, tester, operators, and customer program management to ensure quality product deliverable
Work within a Scaled Agile Framework Team environment
Ability to pivot quickly to address operationally-prioritized tasks
Ability to rapidly gain expertise on new technologies, environments, methodologies and problem sets
Take self-initiative to remain knowledgeable and practiced in emerging DevSecOps technologies and trends
Security Clearance Requirement:
TS SCI
Basic Qualifications:
Demonstrated expertise of software development using languages such as C, C++, Java, Python, JavaScript, .NET, React, Node.js Go, etc. Demonstrated work experience with container, orchestration, container platform, and service mesh technologies such as Docker, Kubernetes, and Istio
Demonstrated expertise with DoD Enterprise DevSecOps Reference Design
Demonstrated work experience with continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) technologies such as GitLab, Jira, Confluence, Jenkins, Ansible, Chef, Puppet, Terraform, Cucumber, Junit, pytest, Nexus, Fortify, SonarQube, Twistlock, and Grafana
Demonstrated work experience with database and data storage technologies such as Elasticsearch, MongoDB, Hadoop, Cloudera, Prometheus, PostgreSQL, and/or MySQL
Demonstrated work experience with source control and code repository tools
Demonstrated work experience developing solutions integrating and extending open source/GOTS/COTS products
Demonstrated work experience developing within Windows and/or Linux environments
Applicants may be subject to a government security background investigation
Physical Requirements:
The person in this position frequently communicates with co-workers, management and customers, which may involve delivering presentations. Must be able to exchange accurate information in these situations
Detect, Determine, Perceive, Identify, Recognize, Judge, Observe, Inspect, Estimate, Assess
Constantly operates a computer and other office productivity machinery, such as a calculator, copy machine and computer printer.
The person in this position needs to occasionally move about inside the office to access file cabinets, office machinery, etc.
Must be able to remain in a stationary position 50%
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
