We are SO glad you are reading this! But, before we go any further in this conversation, we have deal breakers. You must meet all the following criteria before applying.
You must be willing to work in the San Antonio, TX area.
A CURRENT OR ACTIVE SECURITY CLEARANCE WITH POLY IS REQUIRED
Eight (8)+ years of demonstrated experience in database development for relational and/or cloud-based databases.
Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or Information Systems or related discipline may be substituted for four (4) years of experience, or a Master of Science degree in computer science, computer engineering, or information systems or related discipline may be substituted for six (6) years experience.
Two (2)+ years of demonstrated experience leading teams on small to mid-size development efforts and in each phase of the development life cycle.
Additional required skills:
Oracle DBA Skills
Backup/Recovery
Oracle Label Security
Patching/Install/Upgrades
MongoDB DBA Skills
Backup/Recovery
Performance tuning
SA Skills
Linux/Centos
Mash/Openstack
Ansible
Puppet
Four (4)+ of years combined experience in at least 3 of the following or relational and/or cloud-based databases:
Database development and software engineering/development;
Database Design and Data Modeling;
Writing Java code to access a database using JDBC or Open Database Connectivity (ODBC);
Requirements analysis/generation;
Development systems and software architectures;
Using cloud technologies (e.g. MapReduce, BigTable, Hadoop, etc.).
We'e glad you're still reading.

Now that we have that out of the way, let's talk about everyday life at ELEVI Associates as a Mid-level Database Engineer (DBE). First, you willbe able to enjoy a work-life balance through our flexible PTO program along with other stellar benefits valued by our team members. As with the other contracts in our neck of the woods, the work you provide our customer is mission-critical, and you join many others in helping to optimize and keep safe the systems that accomplish the goals of protecting data, people and places.

This is no small job. Some of the day-to-day activities: evaluate design and implementation of existing database and application systems to ensure optimal efficiency and performance of deployed systems and participate in project test activities. Work with the Project Manager and other team members to gather requirements and design and implement applications in alignment with project schedule. Identify data sources, construct data decomposition diagrams, provide data flow diagrams and document the process. And, of course, write code for database access, modifications and constructions including stored procedures.

Yeah, that was a mouthful, but you get the picture!

If you're still reading and interested insecuringthe customer's workinto 2020and beyond,let's have a conversation over virtual coffee. We'll accommodate your schedule. We'll discuss the day-to-day highs and lows of this role and answer any of your questions in your first interview. Let's do this!

Every day we make great things happen to meet our customers' expectations. We look to YOU, the talent that makes it all happen.Come join the ELEVI Team!Do you need accommodations to apply? Let us know atiwanttowork@ELEVI.net.

We're an equal opportunity employer (EOE) that empowers our people. It is the policy of ELEVI to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicantswithout regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. We fearlessly drive change, because without diversity of thought and a commitment to equality for all, there is no moving forward. Reasonable accommodations are available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination.
