ForeSee Medical is a tech start-up with a legacy management team focusing on improving the patient care landscape. Are you a seasoned senior developer looking for a greenfield project? Do you want to work on a revolutionary platform to help improve healthcare efficiency? If so, keep reading!

ForeSee engineers develop the next-generation open platform, cognitive processing software solutions that place data in the hands of providers and care teams to empower them to positively influence health outcomes. We’re looking for engineers who bring fresh, progressive ideas and the spirit of innovation as we embark on our journey. As a key member of a small and versatile team, you will design, test, deploy and maintain the ForeSee solutions.

As an engineer, you will work on projects critical to helping healthcare providers and patients as they navigate an ever-changing healthcare industry. We are seeking software engineers that want to be part of the creative process as well as versatile, display leadership qualities and passionate about working on revolutionary solutions to the problems facing the industry.

What will you be doing?
From the ground up architect, design, develop, deploy and support next generation web applications with a focus on a dynamic and intuitive user experience.
Who are you?
You have deep understanding in OOJS, HTML, CSS, REST, HTTP, and MVC Architecture.
Enjoy experimentation and new ideas.
You enjoy learning and always improving yourself and the team around you.
You have worked on large scale enterprise web applications dealing with millions of users serving a large user population which is currently in production.
You are an experienced technical leader.
You care about quality and you know what it means to ship high quality code.
You practice Test Driven Development daily.
Requirements
BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience.
5+ years relevant work experience in web application development.
Experience in the healthcare software domain.
Expertise in AJAX, HTML and CSS.
Experience in UI and UX design.
Experience in responsive design.
Development experience designing object-oriented JavaScript.
Nice to have
Experience with user interface frameworks such as Angular, React, View etc….
Experience with JavaScript libraries and frameworks.
Experience working on cross-browser and OS interoperability.
Experience in an Agile development environment.
