General Description:

The Cyber security and Business Continuity Engineer recommends, implements and maintains the Cyber security Strategy, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Plans for the Information Systems at NADB. Provides business guidance, standards, and consultation to Information Systems management specific to cyber security, business continuity and disaster recovery best practices. The Engineer also performs periodic reviews and tests of established controls defined by the Cyber security Strategy, Business Continuity & Disaster Recovery Plans, their policies and guidelines, reports findings to Information Systems management. These functions are performed in the context of the information systems and information technology infrastructure of the Bank.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Develops, maintains and supports the cyber security strategy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans for the Information Systems at NADB and ensures appropriate training of those responsible.
Maintains all documentation for controls and procedures related to the cyber security strategy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans within information systems.
Ensures cyber security policies, business continuity, disaster recovery plans, their policies and guidelines for information systems and IT infrastructure are followed across the Bank.
Researches, analyzes and evaluates new technologies and makes recommendations for their deployment in support of the cybersecurity strategy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans.
Evaluates system performance to recommend and implement cyber security improvements.
Deploys, manages, maintains and supports cyber security products in production and non-production environments.
Provides reviews of cyber security engineering design, configuration, and implementations.
Documents cyber security exceptions and provide mitigation's, as needed.
Assists in the execution of business continuity and disaster recovery plans.
Reviews relevant changes to ensure they are appropriately assessed, tested, and incorporated into the cyber security strategy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, their testing and execution.
Coordinates with Information Systems and vendors to ensure required configurations are in place.
Ensures service level agreements with vendors meet cyber security strategy, business continuity and disaster recovery plans, their policies and guidelines.
Provide technical support to staff regarding cyber security, business continuity processes and other general technical support, as needed.
Performs other duties as required
Qualifications & Requirements:
Bachelors degree in related IT field or equivalent; advanced degree preferred.
Excellent technical skills, including IT infrastructure background
Minimum of five years work-related experience.
Relevant certifications including government directed certifications preferred.
Knowledge of cyber security policy and tools, threat mitigation, network topologies, intrusion detection, PKI, and secured networks.
Experience in the following areas: Endpoint protection, Cloud security, Security Analytics, Data Governance, Cryptography.
Ability to clearly present and communicate technical approaches and findings.
Business analysis experience
Success Factors:
Demonstrated understanding of Banks business processes and operations.
Demonstrated ability to serve as a recognized expert resource.
Ability to perform assigned specialty disciplines (e.g., task management, database management, operational/editorial assistance, administration, etc.,) with limited supervision.
Excellent interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability to work tactfully and effectively with all levels of office staff.
Acknowledged as a team player.
Analytical ability and resourcefulness in performing varied tasks in the area of functional specialty.
Ability to work independently and show initiative
Working knowledge of English and Spanish.
