Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Hardware Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm CDMA Technologies(a.k.a. QCT - www.qctconnect.com) is the largest developer of 3G and 4G communication technology in the world. Our modem design teams deliver cutting edge hardware and software products across every established wireless standard/protocol. The role of a Modem Engineer at Qualcomm is the specification, design, verification and implementation of digital hardware and software for next generation wireless modem technologies that include 4G, 5G and Wireless LAN Technologies.

Individuals in this role are responsible for developing next generation cellular handset modems.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
2+ years Hardware Engineering experience or related work experience.
Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in Computer Engineering, Computer Science or Electrical Engineering.
Front end RTL design and synthesis.
Development of high-speed customized logic cells
Logic design for wireless modem ASICs or custom data-path components for DSP applications (sequential and arithmetic components).
Ultra-deep sub-micron CMOS technology nodes such as 28 and 20nm and 14nm
Proficiency in custom low power circuit design
Experience collaborating with remote sites
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
