Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Engineering Group, Engineering Group > Systems Test Engineering
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

As a member of QCT's Modem System Test group, candidate will be responsible for verifying physical layer and/or network protocol requirements for complex digital modem ASIC products supporting 5GNR, LTE, UMTS and data technologies. Will conduct engineering tests and detailed experimental testing to collect design data or assist in research toward improving the quality of QC's ASIC products.
Responsibilities will also include system level feature integration and test, developing/executing test strategies and test plans, troubleshooting/analyzing problems, optimizing system performance, executing inter-operability tests, and supporting customers for product commercialization with wireless carriers including product technical acceptance. Candidate will be working with a multi-discipline team (Software Development, System Design, Customer Support, ASIC Design, RF Circuits and Hardware Design, etc.) to integrate, test and commercialize QCT products.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Information Systems, Computer Science, or related field.
2+ years Systems Engineering or related work experience.
Preferred Qualifications
Digital communications systems, RF propagation, CDMA, OFDM, telecommunications concepts
Physical/MAC layers and Call Processing concepts.
Understanding of wire line and wireless data protocol stacks including: RLP, PPP, IP, TCP, IPV6, and MIPV6.
Understanding of IP telephony network, SIP, IMS, and IP telephony standards.
Programming in Python or Perl.
Understanding of software development and testing concepts for wireless handsets for various air interface standards.
Familiarity with air interface performance analysis, characterization and optimization.
Exposure to programming in C, C++, Java,Perl, Python and shell scripting.
Exposure to commercial test simulators and test systems such as: Keysight, R&S, Spirent and Anritsu for wireless telephony product verification.
Handset test experience with UMTS/LTE operators or with commercial handset OEMs.
Experience and knowledge on GCF, PTCRB or carrier certification requirements for Product Technical Acceptance with Wireless Carriers
Communication skills, effective team player, able to work independently.
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
