Introduction


ASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon.

“This position requires access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require ASML to proceed with candidates who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.”
Job Mission


The Production Engineer role at ASML designs, develops, implements and sustains methods, operation sequence and processes in the manufacture, fabrication, testing and troubleshooting of critical consumable component.This role is responsible for factory metrics such as yield, cycle time, and capacity.Designs process and manufacturing tooling solutions to influence factory metrics.Designs and executes test plans to qualify changes in manufacturing process.Interfaces with design engineering in coordinating the release of new products.Maintains records and reporting systems for coordination of manufacturing operations.Additionally, this role may review proposals of outside vendors regarding the purchase of new or modernization of existing production/processing equipment.As well as works in a cross functional team to deliver industrialized production process.

Job Description
Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods.
Designs and executes qualification tests for manufacturing process or equipment changes.
Creates assembly and test processes and procedures
Applies statistical methods to analyze in line and end user quality data.
Evaluates and analyzes data acquired during test using programs such as MS Excel, MS Access, JMP, Minitab and Lab View.Makes recommendations for process or design modifications based on analysis.
Builds and maintains databases.
Investigates and reports root cause of problems, follows up with corrective actions.
Prepares, analyzes and reports factory metrics (test data, yield data, cycle-time data, material notifications, etc…) on a regular basis
Works with design staff concerning product design and tooling to ensure efficient production methods.
Coordinates Special Build activities between Engineering and Manufacturing.
Leads and/or participates as a member of cross-functional Teams.
Conducts time and efficiency studies and develops improved processes based on findings.
Coordinates and/or implements CO changes and deviation activities to flow through manufacturing.Creates and maintains track record.
Participates in daily factory meeting and drives for resolutions of big hitter problems.
Participates in sub-system design reviews and evaluates the new product designs for manufacturability, quality, and reliability.
Implements containment and corrective actions.
Creates data collection schemes.
Develops / refines business processes.
Facilitates completion of prototype and pilot production units to meet schedule requirements.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education
Bachelor’s Degree in relative Science or Engineering discipline (Manufacturing/Industrial Engineering strongly preferred).
Advanced experience using one or more of the following software packages: Excel, MS Access, LabVIEW, JMP, MS Project.LabVIEW, Visual Basic and Java or equivalent programming knowledge are desired but not required.
Experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic e-mail systems.
Familiarity of DOE (Design of Experiments) techniques.
Familiarity with LEAN Manufacturing concepts.
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the company - Technicians to Management.
Must be comfortable with a rapidly changing work environment.
Ability to multi-task and set priorities without jeopardizing project schedule.
Understand BOM (Bill-Of-Material) structuring fundamentals and have the ability to create COs (Change Order) and TDNs (Temporary Deviation Notification).
Personal skills


Proven written and verbal communication skills, analytical, perseverance, problem solving, strong attention to detail and organizational skills.Ability to lead a small team.

Context of the position


Production Engineer works on problems of moderate scope where analysis of situations or data requires a review of a variety of factors.Exercises judgment within pre-defined procedures and practices to determine appropriate action. Builds productive internal/external working relationships.

Other information


EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
