What We Need

Kareo is looking for an experienced Senior Software Engineer in Test to work on a cross-functional team to solve real-world problems for healthcare providers around the country. Using your technical expertise, you will design, build, test, and improve the features that will enable our customers to effectively run their business and provide patient care. If you like solving tough problems, being part of a fun team, and are tenacious, we would like to hear from you.

Your Area of Focus
Provides innovative solutions to complex business problems.
Owner and SME for Large Software Systems & business initiatives.
Lead Engineering Design Reviews.
Write software frameworks that can be extended by others on the team.
Translate business requirements into software solutions
Expert at scoping tasks
Ownership of quality strategy for complex systems.
Flex between SDET and SWE role as needed to meet needs of team.
Data-driven ROI analysis of product quality opportunities & outcomes.
Increase Developer Productivity & Velocity.
Design and build innovative testing solutions.
Automate repetitive testing operations.
Develop frameworks that enable team to own quality outcomes.
Quality Evangelist & Thought Leader.
Build tools for developers that increase confidence and speed of development.
Accelerate product development releases with high confidence.
Influence system architecture to drive code health, Testability & Maintainability.
Integration of Quality Pipeline with Release Infrastructure.
Your Qualifications
5+ years of software development experience.
Deep technical subject matter expert in 3+ general areas of software development (e.g. server, db, security etc.)
Architect & write Software that Solves Complex Business Problems
Able to provide well articulated and reasoned explanations for when and why to apply software design patterns.
Leverages skills, knowledge and experience to match the right solution for the problem.
Tackles technical challenges head-on with a well-defined plan.
Knows when and how to optimize complex code
Able to Own a large software sub-system through requirements, design, implementation release and support.
Working knowledge of developing distributed database-driven web-based applications with Java and the Spring framework, C#/.NET, or equivalent.
Working knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, and JavaScript frameworks.
Your Characteristics
Be Passionately Driven: We take pride in our work, inspire others to excel, and are dedicated to solving tough problems in healthcare. We hold ourselves to the highest standards. And we work with urgency because what we do matters.
Dedicated to Customer Success: Helping our customers succeed directs every action we take. Were committed to helping their practices run smoother so their patients can thrive. We are solution-oriented and aligned with their needs.
Together Were Better:Great teams are collaborative, selfless, hardworking, and dedicated. We are willing to do what it takes to get the job done so we can accomplish more together.
Constant Growth: We strive to have a growth mindset in all we do. We reject the status quo. We take a unique approach and make every effort to bring clarity to a needlessly complex industry. We are creative problem solvers that believe in making things better.
Kareo is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status.

Powered by JazzHR
