TrellisWare Technologies, Inc. is developing advanced communication systems for use in various military and commercial applications.
Job Function: The Product System Engineer will track requirements, perform System Design, provide Implementation Support, and oversee Validation of system-level products from concept through manufacturing and customer support. The successful Product Systems Engineer will fulfill these responsibilities working collaboratively with Product Management, Program Management, and Sales along with engineering leads from Hardware, Software, and Product Test.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with business and customer representation to clearly identify product and program requirements and features. This may include technical proposal support, technical customer presentations and meetings.
Perform system design/architecture development for complex communications systems across RF, PHY, MAC, Networking, and Application layers.
Decompose system requirements info subsystem requirements for efficient implementation in hardware, FPGA, DSP, and microprocessor based subsystems.
Work with HW and manufacturing teams to define manufacturing test and calibration requirements and identify critical process parameters.
Ensure system level designs support secure, reliable, and low-maintenance, user-friendly operation.
Work with program management and engineering leads to define overall implementation milestones and associated schedules and budgets. Provide timely and accurate status of product implementation against plan.
Work closely with subsystem leads to ensure that requirements are understood, well communicated, and complete. Support detailed design questions from developers throughout implementation.
Work with system test leadership to develop an integration and validation strategy to efficiently verify system-level product requirements as development progresses.
Continuously identify implementation risks and issues and work with subsystem leads to prioritize work to minimize project impacts.
Support system-level debug efforts to resolve complex issues efficiently.
Oversee manufacturing ramp and monitor critical production data to ensure quality requirements are being met.
Provide technical ownership and support to assigned company products.
Provide hands-on technical support to business team and customer for product trials and demonstrations.
Stay current on leading communication system technologies and best in industry practices.
Author and present technical white papers at customer and industry events to further TrellisWare's reputation as a communications systems leader.
Act as a resource/expert for specific competencies and provide mentoring, review, and direction to other engineering staff.

Education and Work Experience:
Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or related field of study required. Master's degree or higher preferred.
Broad multidisciplinary technical background required. Industry work experience desired, but not required.

The successful candidate will have several of the skills listed below:
Experience/Knowledge/ Skills
Practical experience with military or commercial wireless products Examples: Commercial (GSM, CDMA, LTE, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, etc.), Military (SRW, WNW, MUOS, Link-16, etc.)
Familiarity with HW, SW, Product Test, and/or Manufacturing disciplines.
An emphasis on strong RF system understanding, design, or coursework.
Digital Modem design.
MAC/Networking protocol design.
Digital hardware design.
Embedded, real-time firmware development.
Familiarity with security algorithms and implementation.
Ability to abstract complex, technical concepts and communicate them in an a clear, relevant, complete manner to others.
Ability to work independently, demonstrate initiative and interact with a variety of engineering development teams.
Demonstrates analytical and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrates strong written and verbal communication skills.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with qualified disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Able to frequently sit, stand, walk, use hands to fingers, handle or feel, reach within hands and arms length, stoop, kneel, and crouch, talk and hear.
Regularly required to sit for extended periods of time; frequently required to use office equipment such as PC, printer, telephone, etc.
Able to regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.

Additional Requirements:
U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency Required

Many of TrellisWare's positions require a security clearance or the ability to obtain one. Security clearances may only be granted to U.S. citizens. In addition, applicants who accept a conditional offer of employment may be subject to government security investigation(s) and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

TrellisWare Technologies, Inc. is an EEO/AA/Disability/Vets Employer.
Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified. Nothing in the job description restricts the company's right to change, assign, or reassign duties and responsibilities at any time for any reason.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
