CE’s Energy Services process starts with an “assess first” approach to each client’s operating environment that leads to recommendations to optimize system reliability and process efficiency while balancing total cost of energy with available capital and sustainability objectives. Our team supports our client’s total energy management needs from strategy to project delivery and after implementation assessment. Our custom Pre-Assessment Audit of a facility is used to identify any unusual operating patterns or energy consumption trends and benchmark against similar buildings in our customer portfolio. Our vendor, product, and technology neutral approach focuses on finding the best solution that fits our client’s needs and economics.

What will you do?

To continue our CE 360 growth, the right candidate wants to:
Perform energy engineering studies, including energy audits, feasibility studies, benchmarking (i.e. Energy Star) and retro commissioning analysis.
Perform site investigations to identify energy conservation measures and assess current state of the client’s equipment
Assist in the development and/or implementation of technical protocols, quality assurance procedures and technical requirements for our energy solutions
Provide thoughtful energy trend and data analysis for systems leveraging our historical datasets
Utilize and validate energy modeling applications and simulations to predict benefits from carbon-reduction, energy efficiency, and/or demand management projects
Stay informed about current energy issues and trends through regular technical reading and participation in professional organizations
Participate in customer-sited delivery of recommendations, proposals, and post-implementation assessment.
Who you are, and what makes you a strong fit for us:
BS/MS degree in mechanical engineering or related discipline
5 or more years work experience in the commercial sector of the energy field
5 or more years of experience within the energy related field, including:
Conducting energy audits (on-site) for commercial and industrial clients, drafting and presenting/delivering audit reports and recommendations.
Strong working knowledge of various systems in commercial facilities (e.g., CHP, HVAC, lighting, building control; refrigeration, boilers, water/wastewater, etc.)
Creating and enhancing energy modeling applications, such as eQUEST, including financial analysis from ROIs to NPVs to LCOE metrics.
Presenting technical/analytical information directly to clients, and working with them during the screening, development and implementation phases of a project.
Dynamic energy load profile analysis and the use of energy benchmarking and simulation tools.
Understanding of the drivers to decarbonize the energy footprint of businesses.
Energy project experience: screening, development and implementation.
You will also have excellent oral and written communications, time and results management skills, and expertise in MS Excel, Power Point, project management tools such as MS Project, and a valid driver’s license
Licenses and certifications:
Required:
Licensed Professional Mechanical Engineer (PE)
Any of the following are desired but not required:
Certified Energy Auditor (CEA)
Certified Energy Manager (CEM)
Building Commissioning Professional (BCxP)
Building Energy Assessment Professional (BEAP)
Certified Building Commissioning Professional (CBCP)
Certified Commissioning Professional (CCP)
Existing Building Commissioning Professional (EBCP)
LEED AP or equivalent certifications
Benefits and Perks:

We offer competitive salaries and bonus opportunities tied to your results, flexible working hours, and a generous benefits package which includes health, dental and life insurance, 401k and Flexible Spending plans, and a company-provided hybrid electric vehicle with carpool lane access.

CE is an equal opportunity employer.
