Who We Are

At Wondersign, we improve the commerce experience by connecting brands, retailers, and customers through beautiful, smart software. We love a good challenge, and we have fun achieving our goals.

Job Description

Data QA Lead Engineer will work with a large amount of data, perform data analysis, implement data quality improvements, execute a test plan to ensure our commitments are delivered completely. Develop and maintain analytics solutions, tools that extract and analyze the data subsequently leading to the achievement of departmental and overall business objectives.

Responsibilities

The following are intended to be examples of the accountabilities for which the person in this position is responsible. This list is not intended to be complete or all-inclusive and does not preclude management from assigning other or related functions for which the individual has demonstrated competency through performance.
Perform quality assurance and quality control duties for Wondersign's Data Management and data development life cycle
Create and maintain test scripts to ensure data services and programs meet acceptance criteria
Participate in manual testing and troubleshooting when required
Develop Validation & Verification plans against the requirement
Lead projects and assignments
Identify gaps in the quality assurance, data management, and testing processes, generate solutions and drive continuous improvement
Ensure the intent of requirement is satisfied
Recommend technical strategies to contribute to the overall effectiveness and quality
Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex data sources
Generate reports of findings and represent to the business
Track and adequately report defects using appropriate tools
Integrate and load data to the backend database
Identify patterns and trends in data sets
Assist with all metrics level reporting
Communicate with internal and external customers to establish acceptance criteria
Secondary Accountabilities

Remains aware of evolving needs and opportunities, showing flexibility in doing whatever is appropriate to support the Company's success. Pursues educational opportunities to maintain advanced and up-to-date knowledge in the field. Performs all other related duties as required or assigned, and understands that the items in this description are not all-inclusive.

Qualifications
Overall 5-6 years of experience in Software Quality Assurance role including Data Management and Testing
Experience with one or more programming languages like Python or R
Experience writing complex SQL queries is a must
Experience with big data systems and BI products
Knowledge of statistical analysis techniques
Strong Analytical skills
Exposure to AWS Lambda and S3
Experience with source control and dependency management software
Ability to lead projects and manage process
Experience with conducting and running defect triage
Bachelor's Degree in a technical field, Data Science, Statistics or Mathematics
Here's How We Work

Offering Freedom & Flexibility. For the most part we're a distributed team working from around the globe (with offices in San Diego, CA and Tampa, FL). We give our team members a high degree of freedom with options for remote work. As a team we take full ownership for our results.

Tackling Exciting Challenges. The retail landscape is undergoing major changes. We come up with new ways brands and retailers can navigate these shifts in consumer behavior to weather the commerce evolution. Then we turn these ideas into beautiful, smart software.

Taking Ownership. We don't accept the status quo and we challenge ourselves, our processes, our services, and each other to deliver the best possible experience.

Being Truthful & Inclusive. We are transparent in our decisions and our communication, and we value and respect feedback from any source, whether internal or external. We only win as a team, and we understand that everyone needs to stay involved, be empowered, and held accountable.

The Perks
Attractive compensation and PTO policy
Company pays 100% of your medical, dental and vision insurance, 80% for your family
Short and long term disability insurance
Life insurance
Company supports professional development for all team members
Top-notch tech/equipment/software you need to do your job
Free on-site gym access (San Diego office)
Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Physical Demands/Work Environment

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Essential Physical & Mental Requirements
This position will require the following physical requirements; sitting (75%), walking (15%), standing (10%), lifting up to 10 pounds.
This position will require the following mental requirements; Ability to reason through problems to reach solutions, troubleshooting ability, effective written and verbal communications skills and ability to see, type, speak on phone and work with various departments within the company.
Additional Physical & Mental Requirements
This position will require the following mental requirements; while performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to high pressure to high-stress situations. Employee works in a typical office environment and is occasionally exposed to moving mechanical office equipment. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Some travel to job sites and/or offices is required. Must be able to travel and work extended schedule as needed.
Interested? Submit your resume and any supporting paperwork today! :)
