Introduction


ASML US brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Chandler Arizona, San Jose and San Diego California, Wilton Connecticut, and Hillsboro Oregon.

This position requires access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require ASML to proceed with applicants who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology

Job Mission


The EUV source is complex integrated system utilizing a high power CO2 laser to irradiate liquid tin droplets, creating a laser produced plasma (LPP). The plasma produces EUV light at 13.5nm wavelength, enabling leading edge lithography tools to print complex circuit patterns for the fabrication of integrated circuits. This technical innovation enables the continued scaling of device speed, power and density for every major semiconductor manufacturer. At ASML, system engineering (SE) translates the customer requirements for new products into a system design. During the design and integration process System Engineering guides Development & Engineering (D&E), guards the specifications and verifies the performance at system level at the end of the development process.

Job Description


Responsible for overall EUV source system architecture. Balances requirements against impact; manages cross-sectoral technical integration.
Oversee system design with focus on mechanics, dynamics, system layout, thermal, gas and vacuum design.
Deliverables: Feasibility Test Definitions, Product Feasibility Reports, product performance specifications and design specifications, system level alpha test definition and acceptance reports
Prepares technical input to key program decisions for review by senior executives. Manage system engineering deliverables to the product generation process such as identification of key technical risks, system performance projections and status of the overall architecture development.
Responsible for optimal functional integration of subsystems into the whole product (guiding the product integration plan).
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education


Requires a PhD in Engineering or Physics with a minimum of 5 years relevant experience; or a Master’s with a minimum 7 years of relevant experience or an equivalent combination of experience and education

Experience


Experience with complex system design and integration
Track record of technical leadership in equipment design and engineering.
Ability to cross functional boundaries to build relationships with all areas in the company, to understand and reconcile higher level company and customer needs. The ability to work autonomously as well as in a team.
Good interpersonal skills and a proven capability to convey technical matters, both written and orally, in a clear and precise manner
Proactive attitude to solving problems and interest in innovative technologies.
Familiar with semiconductor equipment technology especially in the areas of optics, vacuum, high pressure & plasma.
Internally recognized specialist on complex technical and/or business matters. Will champion significant projects, programs and business initiatives. Having wide-ranging experience, uses professional concepts and company objectives to resolve complex issues in creative and effective ways.
Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors.
Exercises independent judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.
Generally free to determine work priorities based on general direction from managers. Proactively identifies potential issues and brings potential solutions to managers. May provide a leadership role for the work group through advanced knowledge in his/her area of specialization.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic e-mail systems.
Personal skills
Experience developing complex systems within large engineering teams (>250 engineers), including electrical, mechanical, optical and vacuum systems is preferred
Other information


PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch.
The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.
The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
May require travel dependent on business needs.
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
Can work under deadlines.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.
Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.
Can learn and apply new information or skills.
Responsibilities include periodic travel to regional and overseas sites for product technical support and special support projects.
Work may include onsite technical support involving heavy lifting of equipment & modules.
Position will require technical work activity in a clean-room production environment and/or laboratory setting.
The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.
Occasionally may be exposed to loud noise bursts and may be exposed to toxic gases (fluorine).
Must be able to work in small, confined spaces.
EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
