Introduction
ASML US, LP brings together the most creative minds in science and technology to develop lithography machines that are key to producing faster, cheaper, more energy-efficient microchips. We design, develop, integrate, market and service these advanced machines, which enable our customers - the world’s leading chipmakers - to reduce the size and increase the functionality of their microchips, which in turn leads to smaller, more powerful consumer electronics. Our headquarters are in Veldhoven, the Netherlands, and we have 18 office locations around the United States including main offices in Wilton, CT, Chandler, AZ, San Jose, CA and San Diego, CA.
This position requires access to controlled technology, as defined in the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. § 730, et seq.). Qualified candidates must be legally authorized to access such controlled technology prior to beginning work. Business demands may require ASML to proceed with applicants who are immediately eligible to access controlled technology.
Job Mission
ASML seeks a driven, hands on Mechanical Engineer, proficient in NX solid modeling and Team Center, to help lead the detailed design of complex, highly-toleranced mechanical/thermal components/sub-systems.Key to this position is the knowledge and experience to design complex structures involving precision gas flow, vacuums, sealing, and temperature control with high uniformity, and high positional tolerances made from refractory metals, stainless steel, and aluminum.
The Mechanical Engineer role at ASML requires knowledge/relevant experience in a wide range of thermal and stress analysis, knowledge of materials, fits and tolerances, fastening, sealing, DFx, manufacturing and testing of complex industrial devices and sub-assemblies.
Job Description
Provides a broad mechanical engineering design background and performs mechanical engineering analysis (stress, fluids, vibrations, thermal), design for control and distribution of inert gases, air and water handling for thermal management of equipment and enclosures, volume claim and interface design, component packaging, mechanical structural mounts and fixtures, design for manufacturability in medium volume products, and design for configuration management.
Assists in generating module or system concepts to meet product requirements.
Assists in performing detailed design and component layout for new or improved subsystems.
Performs tolerance analysis and GD&T at system and subsystem level. Tolerance Stack up Analysis
Perform 1D/3D analytical analysis for thermal and structural components and sub-modules.
Assists in a project plan including key deliverables, timeline, and budget. Can mange and deliver a task.
Works with other Engineers and CAD Designers for prototype and pilot detailed design.
Supports driving full documentation of design including, BOM, drawings, and procedures.
Interacts closely with development engineers, scientists, suppliers, and QA to resolve quality issues.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education
Requires a Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering and a minimum of (6) years of relevant experience.Advanced degree preferred.
Experience in designing, fabrication, and testing of mechanical, electro-mechanical and/or opto-mechanical modules, and related system interfaces for capital equipment tools.
Previous experience working within and designing products to operate in a clean room environment desired.
Experience with vacuum/sealing preferred.
Experience with custom vacuum process and debris control preferred
Experience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to translate, statistically analyze data, and effectively report problems through written and/or graphical formats.
Excellent customer service skills, with an advanced understanding of customer relationship building.
Ability to use MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic e-mail systems to document, communicate and present cross functionally.
Hands on experience in mechanical design and testing complex components and sub-assemblies.
Experience in solid modeling; NX and Team center desired.
Experience in Finite Element Analysis, Ansys desired.
Experience with phased new product development process from concept to full release.
Experience with Product Development tasks desired: bills of material, interfacing with vendors, procurement of material for prototyping, change management II release process.
Knowledge/experience in Vacuum Technology preferred.
Hands on experience and knowledge of machining and fabrication techniques highly desirable
Applies knowledge of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing.
Personal skills


Proven written and verbal communication skills, analytical, perseverance, problem solving, strong attention to detail and organizational skills

Context of the position
PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT
The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.• While performing the duties of this job, the employee routinely is required to sit; walk; talk; hear; use hands to keyboard, finger, handle, and feel; stoop, kneel, crouch, twist, reach, and stretch. • The employee is occasionally required to move around the campus.• The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.• May require travel dependent on business needs. • Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.• Can work under deadlines.• The environment generally is moderate in temperature and noise level.The employee may occasionally work under manufacturing or laboratory environments, where the noise level is usually high.• Must be able to read and interpret data, information, and documents.• Can observe and respond to people and situations and interact with others encountered in the course of work.• Can learn and apply new information or skills.

EOE AA M/F/Veteran/Disability
