WHO WE ARE:
Tealium is the trusted leader in the customer data industry. We believe unified customer data is an organization’s most valuable asset and greatest competitive advantage. We help brands seamlessly unify their siloed customer data and applications in real time, and drive more profitable interactions across all touchpoints. Tealium’s Customer Data Hub (CDH) enables you to connect your data so you can connect with your customers.

Founded in 2008, Tealium’s patented and award-winning solutions are used by over 1,000 of the world's most innovative brands, including Sony, Providence St. Joseph Health, Cambria Health, T-Mobile, Hulu, Uber, Facebook, Expedia, Hyatt, Barcelo Hotel Group, Sportsbet, Utah Jazz, American Airlines, The Gap, Orange, and many others.

We are looking for an experienced Site Reliability Engineer with passion for solving complex technical problems to join our Engineering team.
YOUR DAY TO DAY
Utilize your knowledge of Web, App, Network, Server, Storage and Security technologies to administer, monitor and troubleshoot application and network components in our cloud-based environment.
Actively participate in system and software design and deployments.
Provide production support for Customer Success and Product Development teams through triage, troubleshooting, and remediation of incidents and problems.
Provide analysis of complex system behavior, and resolution of performance and application issues.
Identify and remediate gaps in metrics gathered, monitoring, alerting, dashboarding and trending.
Respond to system and application alerts in a rotating on-call team environment.
WHY YOU ARE THE PERFECT FIT
You bring 10+ years experience in a high volume 24X7X365 Enterprise SaaS environments.
You bring 5+ years experience with Linux systems administration.
You bring 3+ years hands-on Amazon Web Services deployment and operations experience.
You have experience in infrastructure as code and configuration automation tools (Chef, Terraform, Cloudformation, etc).
You exhibit solid script skills (shell scripts, Perl, Ruby, Python, etc).
You have container (Docker) and container orchestration experience (Kubernetes)
You possess a strong understanding of networking principles and architectures.
You display strong teamwork and communication skills.
You demonstrate the ability to clearly document and communicate technical issues.
You possess strong analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting skills.
You have the ability and willingness to learn new technologies and skills, as well as adapt to changing environments.
You must be available for rotating on-call duty, including nights and weekends.
WHY YOU WANT TO WORK HERE:
The highly relevant and differentiated positioning of Tealium and our Customer Data Hub (CDH) makes this a unique and rewarding career opportunity. Organizations from start-ups to large global enterprises are utilizing Tealium to unify their customer data in real time and drive improvements in their overall data strategy. Over 1,000 global brands trust Tealium, and in an increasingly noisy market we are proud to maintain best-in-class renewal rates of >90%. When our customers are happy, we’re happy.

Our corporate HQ is located in sunny San Diego, just minutes from the beach and surrounded by beautiful hiking trails and the renowned Torrey Pines golf course. Our location is just one of the many perks we enjoy; At Tealium we dress casually (but professional), enjoy a flexible paid time off policy, rich benefit plans, company holidays, 401(K) match, and employee Stock Options - just to name a few. Not to mention we get to surround ourselves with some of the brightest minds in San Diego. If you are interested in being a part of Team Teal, we’d love to hear from you!

TEAL celebrates diversity and is an equal opportunity employer. It is our continuing policy to recruit and employ the best qualified individuals without regard to race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or any other protected characteristic. TEAL does not tolerate unlawful discrimination of any kind and strives to be an inclusive and respectful workplace.
