SOLUTE is an information technology company that delivers products in the fields of cyber security, networks, global positioning, navigation, knowledge management, collaboration systems, and aviation electronics. Our depth of technical expertise, and successful history of engineering support provide a uniquely trusted and influential skillset to our clients. Our teams of software, network, and DevOps engineers use state-of-the-art technologies and architecture design to build innovative solutions for enterprise implementation.

We are a company of innovative professionals thriving in a highly motivating work environment that fosters creativity and independent thinking. If you are a motivated individual with a desire to support our service men and women, now is a great time to join SOLUTE!

We are looking for a Software Engineer to provide the government with a solution for one of its most critical weapons systems. This Engineer will Primarily be responsible for implementation and testing of the Maneuvering Target Statistical Tracker, the development of test framework and integration into Common Track Manager.

Requirements

Required
BS or BA degree in a Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or Mathematics
2+ years of experience working as a Back End or Full Stack Software Engineer or Developer.
The ability to work in a DevOps environment.
Excellent interpersonal collaborative skills with excellent communication skills (oral and written).
The ability to research, evaluate, and recommend solutions and technologies based on customer needs.
Familiarity with professional software engineering practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, agile development, build processes, testing and operations.
Experience developing complex enterprise class software running on server platforms.
Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and develop technical design (and/or software technical architectures.
Sufficient understanding of cyber security to incorporate it into the architecture.
An active Secret clearance.
Preferred
Active Top Secret.
Experience working with C4ISR.
Knowledge of Docker and microservices architecture.
Interest in data analytics.
Benefits

Benefits include:
Medical, Dental and Vision
Life and A&D coverage
Disability Coverage
Employee Assistance Program
401(k) Plan with company matching contributions
Paid Time Off (PTO) and 10 paid Holidays
Educational assistance
SOLUTE is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, marital status, veteran status or any other applicable legally protected status or characteristic.
