Job Description

Symitar, a Jack Henry & Associates company has a current Sr. Software Development Engineer (Test) opening. Join a strong test automation team building cutting-edge automated solutions to real-world testing problems. You'll have an opportunity to make a significant impact in the success of the testing program for our flagship product, Episys. If you like to work in an exciting, dynamic and challenging environment we are looking for you! This position will be located in our Allen, TX or San Diego, CA locations.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum of 6 years of experience with C#/.NET and/or JAVA.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree.
Proficient in Java with solid knowledge of common frameworks.
Strong object-oriented instincts.
Background in both SOAP and REST based services.
Familiar with TestNG.
Understanding of JVM, its limitations, garbage collection, etc..
Excellent knowledge of automated QA systems.
Excellent knowledge of performance test systems.
Understanding of complex calculations and business process lifecycle (e.g., the lifecycle of a loan…origination, participation, servicing, delinquency, shadow accounting, reporting, etc.) would be a strong benefit.
Familiarity with Object Orientated Design and Analysis.
Knowledge of and ability to perform in an AGILE environment.
Excellent knowledge of software development lifecycle.
Excellent knowledge of software testing lifecycle.
Able to manage the software quality certification function with accuracy and timeliness.
Able to review system and functional requirements and extract data to use in preparing automated test plans and scripts.
Able to meet aggressive deadlines and handle multiple and complex projects.
Able to use independent judgment to plan, prioritize and organize a diversified workload.
Able to define highly complex automated test cases and scenarios.
Coding skills as required by automation tools utilized.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Analyzes, designs, develops, and maintains automated scripts and manual regression test plans for a variety of interfaces. Develops automation frameworks consisting of functional libraries while adhering to coding standards.
Schedules and conducts testing, submits testing errors and issues to development for correction, tests corrected code and tracks defects.
Documents test progress and results. Prepares reports and presents results as needed.
Assists in planning, scheduling and implementing automation projects. Monitors automation projects and ensures that projects are completed on schedule and within budget. Performs evaluation of products and systems and determines candidates for automation.
Serves as team liaison to ensure that all targets and requirements are met.
Analyzes scripts and performs code reviews of automated scripts. Reports results of automated scripts in test management tools. Provides updates on automation progress and custom reporting as requested.
Uses automated Quality Assurance systems to facilitate daily activities.
Fulfills load testing requests and sets up appropriate load testing monitors on servers. Executes and analyzes load tests, and reports to product team members.
Develops automation strategies that will enhance test execution, manual test coverage and the consistency of regression testing.
Provides training and technical assistance to members of the automation team. May assist with training on software enhancements. May cross-train and mentor less experienced QA team members.
May advise or recommend unit testing applications. May assist or recommend the application of a UML.
Keeps abreast of software industry “Best Practices” and trends and communicates new information to QA team.
Assists with education and training with regard to software enhancements and conveying corrections to other employees.
May create and maintain test libraries, databases, and test environments.
May assist with software changes for update or correction.
May assist with alpha and beta testing; prepares enhancement test plans used at beta site.
May create or assist with creation of manual tests.
Equal Employment Opportunity

Applicants for U.S. based positions with Jack Henry & Associates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position.

Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace.

Females, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.

#ITSoftwareMIS

MAYINDT4

]]>
