At Northrop Grumman, our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems that impact people's lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our pioneering and inventive spirit has enabled us to be at the forefront of many technological advancements in our nation's history - from the first flight across the Atlantic Ocean, to stealth bombers, to landing on the moon. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future, and have fun along the way. Our culture thrives on intellectual curiosity, cognitive diversity and bringing your whole self to work - and we have an insatiable drive to do what others think is impossible. Our employees are not only part of history, they're making history.

The Space Components Division is seeking a Design Engineer to join our team. This position will be located in San Diego, CA or in Magna, UT.
Job Summary:
Contributes to the design of major spaceflight and aerospace structure components or major portions of a functional system to develop or improve products and facilitate manufacturing operations.
Utilizes computer-aided design (CAD) equipment, develops basic data and makes preliminary layouts, sketches and notes necessary to present design proposals to internal and external customers.
Creates layouts and drawings of complex assemblies and details parts of devices, mechanisms, and structures.
Investigates pertinent design factors such as ease of manufacture, availability of materials and equipment, interchangeability, strength-weight efficiency, and contractual specification requirements and cost.
Checks completed layouts and drawings for clarity, completeness, conformity to standards, procedures, specifications, and accuracy of calculations and dimensioning.
Identifies design errors, omissions, and other deficiencies, and recommends revisions and/or improvements in design layout to fellow responsible engineers or designers.
Supports development of technical solutions to complex problems which require regular use of ingenuity and creativity.
Applies current technology and aids in the development of new technologies.
Interacts with senior internal and external personnel on significant technical matters often requiring coordination between organizations.
Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, 5+ years of relevant industry experience require, Master's degree in Engineering and 3+ years of relevant industry experience require.
Current experience generating solid models and drawings in Siemens NX 11.0 or similar CAD platform a must.
Experience in advanced assembly techniques in NX or similar CAD platform including skeleton driven top-down design, simplified reps and other large assembly management techniques.
Experience in Teamcenter 11.0 or higher. Recent experience in Windchill or similar PDM/PLM software may be considered.
Experience applying and interpreting ASME Y14.5 drawing standards.
Knowledge of applying and interpreting Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) to drawings.
Experience with MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint).
Strong written and oral communication skills.
Strong interpersonal skills.
Ability to clearly present technical information.
Strong customer service skills.
Experience utilizing composite materials a plus.
Preferred Qualifications:
Able to work seated/standing at a desk in five hour increments
Requires repetitive arm, hand and wrist movements in five hour increments
Occasionally lift up to 25 pounds
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
