The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus
hiring. UCSD Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions
and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application
process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding
steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this
time, please click here.
UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment: Apply by 6/02/20. for
consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should
contact their Employment Advisor.
Special Selection Applicants: Apply by 6/12/20. Eligible Special
Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for
assistance.
Job posting will remain open until position is filled.
DESCRIPTION
===========
Department Overview:
The San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC) is a world leader in using,
innovating and providing cyberinfrastructure to enable advances and
new discovery in science and engineering. Focusing on data-oriented
and computational science and engineering applications, SDSC serves as
an international resource for data cyberinfrastructure through the
provision of software, hardware and human resources in
multi-disciplinary science and engineering, and is a leading national
cyberinfrastructure center to the National Science Foundation (NSF)
and broader community.
SDSC s High-Performance Systems Group is responsible for and operates
SDSC s high-performance computing clusters and related systems. The
group operates large-scale compute and storage systems funded by the
National Science Foundation (currently the XSEDE program), the UCSD
campus (e.g., the Triton Shared Compute Cluster) and other entities;
these systems support users from campus, national, and international
communities across a broad range of scientific disciplines. The group
is part of SDSC s Data-Enabled Scientific Computing (DESC) Division.
Position Overview:
The incumbent will apply skills as a seasoned, experienced systems
integration professional with a full understanding of systems and
software integration concepts to evaluate, resolve and implement
medium-sized projects or portions of large projects with moderate
scope and complexity. S/he will resolve a wide range of business
processes, system functionality, implementation issues and system and
software integration issues. The incumbent will need to demonstrate
competency in selecting tools, methods and techniques to obtain
results, give technical presentations to associated teams and other
technical units, and evaluate new technologies including performing
moderate to complex cost/benefit analyses. S/he may lead a team of
systems/infrastructure professionals.
Additionally, the incumbent will be responsible for the management of
national and campus HPC clusters and their related storage systems,
such as large parallel file systems, NFS file servers, and the
underlying storage technologies. Responsibilities include but are not
limited to systems administration (primarily Linux) with on-call
duties, including management of hardware, OS, I/O, and software
environment installation and maintenance. The incumbent will support
resource managers, schedulers and client access to parallel and
distributed file systems, conduct multi-faceted analysis, testing,
scripting and benchmarking, work with very complex, advanced systems,
data and networks in a research and performance evaluation
environment, and provide technical expertise in parallel and
high-performance filesystems (Lustre, Ceph, GPFS, etc.) and storage.
Also, s/he will be responsible for system internals, data and storage,
network and operating systems, emerging technologies, hardware, and
architectures and the interrelationship of all the foregoing and
contribute to the design, installation, management and upgrade of very
large HPC clusters, filesystems, data and storage resources.
The incumbent will work closely with other groups to integrate the HPC
systems and storage into the SDSC networking, cloud, and user
environments, collaborate on security procedure development and
implementation, and provide support to the user services and
scientific applications group. S/he will present at national meetings
as necessary, work with the Operations group in training their staff
and serve as liaison to the computational scientists, work on multiple
problems or tasks that are not necessarily well defined and make
recommendations that have an impact on an entire project or system, as
well as provide advanced technical guidance to others at the same or
lower level on an ongoing basis. The incumbent needs to work well in a
group and collaborative setting, such as national projects like XSEDE
and its constituent working groups and be able to exhibit effective
communications skills in a professional manner.
For more information, please visit .
QUALIFICATIONS
==============
Advanced knowledge of systems integration and deploying moderately
complex systems integration solutions. Specifically proven through
experience administering large-scale HPC clusters and their
related filesystems.
Demonstrated experience with large data storage arrays (more
than100TB), and skill necessary to administer, maintain, monitor
and upgrade.
Ability to install, maintain, upgrade, and troubleshoot large
(petabyte scale) high performance parallel and distributed
filesystems such as Luster, GPFS and Ceph
Strong knowledge of administering Linux systems, primarily Red Hat
and its derivatives (e.g., CentOS).
Proven understanding of high speed interconnects used in HPC
systems and storage such as Ethernet and Infiniband including
knowledge of TCP/IP, VLANs, Pkeys, subnets and routing. Ability to
use said knowledge to integrate HPC resources into data center
network.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
==================
Job offer is contingent upon a satisfactory clearance based on
background check results.
Occasional evenings and weekends may be required. Overtime and
weekends may be required.
