Role Machine Learning (CICD) Engineer Location San Diego, CA 12+ Months Experience Range 8+ years Primary Skill Set bull Knowledge of validated approaches for scale-ability, productionalizing AIML models and implementing machine learning applied to expansive and diverse datasets (storage GPUsTPUs, techniques for deep learning at scale) bull Deployment of Machine Learning and Deep Learning algorithms on cloud based services (AWS Sage maker, GCP MLE, Digital Ocean, etc.) bull Expertise in configuration management systems CICD (Docker, Kubernetes, etc.) bull Programming experience with Python (and ML packages) and either Javascript, CC++ or related bull Version control (Git, Jenkins), Unix Shell scripting bull Experience or familiar with serverless architecture paradigm in cloud stack Preferred Skill Set bull Experience with Image AnalysisComputer Vision is a plus bull Experience with Swift, Objective-C, Cocoa, Cocoa Touch, andor CoreML bull Networking concepts and protocols, e.g. TCPIP, HTTP, etc. bull Knowledge or familiarity of ML algorithms (deep learning, classification, TensorFlow etc.) bull Preferred knowledge of Python libraries such as Scikit-learn, SciPy, Spacy, and NLTK Roles and Responsibilities bull Deploy scalable Machine Learning and CNN based Computer Vision algorithms on local and multi cloud-based inferencing platforms. bull Designing and deploying models at scale using automated pipelines. bull Convert Python based ML scripts to production quality level applications. bull Test applications for stability, resilience, HA and scale them to serve thousands of inferences on a daily basis. bull Work closely with data Engineers, developers and Machine Learning engineering peers to integrate MLAI models and applications with existing suite of APD smart products. bull Be approachable, a team player and ready to assist SRE DevOps to build pipelines that need minimal operational maintenance. bull If needed, be ready to independently learn new technologies. bull Be able to prioritize tasks and take ownership. bull Ability to communicate and meaningfully present results of analyses in a clear and impactful manner.
