pSemi Corporation is a Murata company driving semiconductor integration. pSemi builds on Peregrine Semiconductor’s 30-year legacy of technology advancements and strong IP portfolio but with a new mission—to enhance Murata’s world-class capabilities with high-performance semiconductors. With a strong foundation in RF integration, pSemi’s product portfolio now spans power management, connected sensors, optical transceivers, antenna tuning and RF frontends. These intelligent and efficient semiconductors enable advanced modules for smartphones, base stations, personal computers, electric vehicles, data centers, IoT devices and healthcare. From headquarters in San Diego and offices around the world, pSemi’s team explores new ways to make electronics for the connected world smaller, thinner, faster and better.

Job Summary

This position is responsible for product from development kick-off, through production, until end of life. The position will be responsible for ensuring successful characterization of new products, defining production test plans and launching new products into high volume production. Responsibilities include yield enhancement, analysis of RMA customer returns, and Change control during production. This position will interface with Design, Test, Manufacturing, Reliability, Applications, Foundry and Marketing groups to identify opportunities, drive projects to completion, and verify effectiveness.

The assigned tasks will be diverse and complex in nature which requires exceptional organization skills and high attention to detail. This position will need to exercise sound judgment in methods used to solve problems and in the evaluation of the results. This position will use data analysis to drive most decisions. Product Engineering is responsible for moving products from a proven design into production. This position will be expected to coordinate activities with other engineers working on the project. This position must enjoy working in a fast-paced environment while maintaining a sense of commitment and be flexible to project needs. The position must be a team player and possess a sense of urgency to meet product requirements on schedule.

Roles & Responsibilities

This position has responsibility for:
New Product introduction: Ensure new products meet product development requirements prior to production release. Define production test plans, define experiments to study product performance and capabilities, analyze test and characterization data to identify performance issues or show product meets marketing requirements. Establish standardized test and measurement methods for new product lines.
Product Sustaining: Apply data analysis skills to improve product yields during production. Review and disposition production lots as necessary. Test time reduction. Analyze customer returns. Able to operate with minimal guidance.
Change Control: Review any changes in production processes and how the change may impact product performance or reliability. Perform any necessary electrical characterization to support change qualification.
Failure Analysis: Drive failure analysis studies on customer returns or to study failure modes that impact yield.
Team Leadership: provide technical mentoring to junior product engineers; coordinate activities and efforts on cross functional teams
Competency Requirements

In order to perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Critical Thinking: Skilled at finding logical flaws in arguments and plans; identifies problems and solutions that others might miss; provides detailed insight and constructive criticism into problems and complex situations
Working with Ambiguity: Achieves forward progress in the face of poorly defined situations and/or unclear goals; able to work effectively with limited or partial information
Displaying Technical Knowledge: Keeps his/her technical skills current; effectively applies specialized knowledge and skills to perform work tasks; understands and masters the technical skills, knowledge, and tasks associated with his/her job; shares technical expertise with others.
Making Accurate Judgments and Decisions: Bases decisions on a systematic review of relevant facts and information; avoids making assumptions or rushing to judgment; provides clear rationale for decisions.
Solving Complex Problems: Breaks down large problems into smaller, more manageable components; identifies key factors that influence the viability of different solutions; clarifies information needed to solve problems.
Minimum Qualifications (Experience and Skills)
8+ years of experience in Product Engineering or Design Engineering
Experience with any of the following products: LNA, Switch, Digital Attenuators, Phase Shifters, DC-DC converters, PMIC
Strong technical writing and communication skills
Team player with a strong sense of urgency to meet product requirements on schedule
Hands on use of RF measurement equipment to validate performance
Background with software such as Datapower, JMP, Cadence, Matlab
Background working with large datasets and applying statistical methods to draw conclusions
Experience with Cadence and schematic review
Ability to mentor junior engineers
Preferred Qualifications
Experience mentoring junior engineers
Education Requirements
BSEE required; MSEE preferred
Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. This position requires the ability to occasionally lift office products and supplies, up to 20 pounds.

pSemi Corporation supports a diverse workforce and is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity for applicants and employees. pSemi does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, color, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex/gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions or breastfeeding), gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, national origin (including language use restrictions and possession of a driver’s license issued under Vehicle Code section 12801.9), ancestry, physical or mental disability, legally-protected medical condition, military or veteran status (including “protected veterans” under applicable affirmative action laws), marital status, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by local, state or federal laws applicable to the Company. pSemi also prohibits discrimination based on the perception that an employee or applicant has any of those characteristics, or is associated with a person who has or is perceived as having any of those characteristics.

Note: The Peregrine Semiconductor name, Peregrine Semiconductor logo and UltraCMOS are registered trademarks and the pSemi name, pSemi logo, HaRP and DuNE are trademarks of pSemi Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. pSemi products are protected under one or more of the following U.S. Patents: http://patents.psemi.com
