Senior Tactical Data Link Systems Engineer (multiple locations)

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to come and join our team!

SBG, a service disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology, cyber-security, and training, is looking for a results-oriented Senior Tactical Data Link System Engineers. We are seeking highly motivated individuals looking to join our rapidly growing company. The ideal candidates for thesepositions would be experienced individuals who are hard-working, have the ability to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and have a positive energetic attitude. These positions are located in San Diego, CA; Norfolk/Virginia Beach VA; Hawaii; and Washington D.C. Metro areas.

Overview:

SBG Technology Solutions seeks Senior Tactical Data Link System Engineers to work on an exciting Department of Defense contract to provide Systems Engineering & Technical Assistance (SETA) Support Services. These positions will support the Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I) in their work to transform, modernize, improve, and sustain current and future operational maritime tactical Command and Control needs into effective and affordable C2 capabilities for Navy, Marine Corps, Joint, and Coalition warfighters. The overarching goal is to integrate programs into single C2 capabilities, provide configuration and scalable solutions to various platforms, and align to the FORCEnet roadmap.

Key Responsibilities:
Applies system engineering principles and expertise to review and provide technical comments on the specifications and interface documents that establish the Functional Baseline (FBL), Allocated Baseline (ABL) and Product Baseline (PBL), to include reviewing Technical Data Packages. Lead technical reviews of the FBL, ABL and PBL.
Defines, designs, and develops new system requirements and allocation of System and Subsystem requirements. Coordinate design of subsystems and integration of total system.
Conducts technical investigations in systems design.
Verifies stability, interoperability, portability, security, or scalability of system architecture.
Provides technical guidance or support for the development or troubleshooting of systems.
Prepares documentation such as system specifications, test procedures, and presentations for technical briefings as required.
Plans and conducts systems engineering, engineering analyses, trade studies and feasibility assessments in support of systems engineering activities including technical support for Analyses of Alternatives (AoAs).
Assists with the development of the C4ISR Data Strategy which includes Information Operations (IO), Combat Systems, Tactical Communications, C2 and Intelligence Surveillance and Reconnaissance (ISR) domains.
Reviews architectures describing engineering requirements and solutions.
Reviews engineering architectures that address implementation issues.
Reviews or develops engineering reference implementations and tools to validate policies, procedures and compliance with standards
Reviews system-level integration test and evaluation plans and procedures, identify and report deficiencies, originate reviews for operations and maintenance procedures or checklists for fielded systems.
Supports system requirements development and allocation to product baselines for new ship construction platforms.
Position Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in engineering.
Active DoD Secret Clearance
8 years of system engineering and project management experience with USN shipboard combat systems, Command and Control Processor (C2P) and Link 16 systems.
US Navy and/or US Air Force Tactical Data Link experience.
Knowledge of shipboard and/or aircraft combat system and tactical data link system architecture to include tactical data link functional allocation and interfaces between specific combat system and tactical data link systems.
Project management experience in applying relevant combat system/TDL system engineering expertise to tactical data link projects and/or TDL prime mission product development efforts.
Ability to apply relevant system engineering expertise in support program life-cycle cost estimates
Must be a U.S. Citizen to obtain and maintain a Department of Defense security clearance
Desired skills and experience:
4 years of technical project management experience including the development of Product Work Breakdown Structures, Integrated Master Schedules, and conducting Integrated Baseline Reviews.
US Navy and/or US Air Force Tactical Data Link experience.
Experience in monitoring project execution using Earned Value Management techniques desired
We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
