Medikeeper provides SaaS-based health/wellness solutions for corporate wellness programs and health plans. Right now, we’re helping millions of employees and health plan members engage in preventative wellness programs and close gaps in their health care. You can find out more about our products, here: https://medikeeper.com/products/
We're looking for a proactive, solutions-oriented, self-starter who is excited to both:
1) excited to collaborate work closely with a smart product management team
2) offer a positive, modern best-practices influence to the current engineering team
Successful applicants will possess:
BS or MS degree in Computer Science or equivalent
3+ years of professional experience with modern Javascript frameworks (React and/or Vue preferred)
3+ years of professional experience building .NET web apps
About Your Experience:
Solid background in modern UI development: Javascript / HTML / CSS / VueJS / React
Experience with .NET ecosystem: ASP.NET / C# / ADO.NET
Experience with CSS preprocessors such as SASS or LESS
Experience building and consuming REST APIs
Experience with version control systems like SVN / Git / Bitbucket
Experience building responsive single-page applications
Willingness to work directly with product stakeholders (internal and external)
HUGE PLUS: experience transitioning legacy software platform to modern JS / .NET framework
Raise the Bar!
Comfortable in dynamic, transitional environment
Strong desire to contribute best-practices to a growing team. Help us get better!
Highly engaged, proactive, self-starting, solutions-oriented approach
Experience with Scrum / Agile methodologies and practices
Strong organizational skills and a dedication to quality
Demonstrable passion for building software: show us your side-projects or open-source contributions!
Benefits
Work at a software company helping millions improve their Health and Wellness
Brand-new office steps away from hiking/biking trailhead
Frequent catered lunches, cold brew on tap!
Medical/dental/vision healthcare coverage
Business casual environment
Bonus opportunity based on personal and company performance
How to Apply
Submit current résumé and cover letter along with a short note explaining why you stand out as a candidate. Unfortunately, MediKeeper is not offering H1B / Visa Sponsorship for this opportunity.
More About Medikeeper
MediKeeper was founded in 2003 by Dr. Bruce Tarzy and George Schwartzman, and launched its first product — the Personal Health Record — in November 2004. Dr. Tarzy passed away in 2015, but the company continues with the same spirit of enthusiasm, focus on excellence and commitment to our clients with which he founded the company. Since 2003, MediKeeper has greatly expanded its portfolio of products. Today, MediKeeper offers a comprehensive suite of population health management tools intended for health plans, brokers, TPA’s, wellness companies, and employer groups. MediKeeper’s tools enable healthcare consumers to make smarter health-related decisions. The MediKeeper technology gathers and analyzes disparate health data. By providing de-identified population reporting in a seamlessly integrated portal, MediKeeper’s customers are better able to manage their population’s health and make smarter wellness investments. Our product provides millions of users a chance to take hold of their health and wellness, and using the robust tools that the MediKeeper platform provides, make decisions to improve their lives long-term.
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Temporarily working from home until physical distancing restrictions are lifted.
Experience:
.NET: 3 years (Required)
JavaScript: 3 years (Required)
VueJS: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Location:
San Diego, CA 92121 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Application Question:
Are you currently based within 60-90 minutes driving distance of MediKeeper HQ office?
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Store Discounts
Work Location:
One location
Visa Sponsorship Potentially Available:
No: Not providing sponsorship for this job
Company's website:
https://medikeeper.com/
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
