The Whole Life Engineering Directorate has an exciting opportunity for a junior level System Safety Engineer to join our Safety Team.

Raytheon Missile & Defenses Whole Life Engineering Directorate is a systems engineering organization whose main objective is to influence hardware, software, and systems early in their life cycle to assure effective operation, reliability and economical ownership by the customer and end users.

As a System Safety Engineer youre an integral participant in the design/development process and are responsible for system safety and risk analyses in order to identify risks and influence design to eliminate or minimize safety hazards.

In this role youll work with a multi-disciplinary team responsible for system safety on an automated air defense system program.

Specific responsibilities may include:
Conducting Safety Analyses and documenting results (Preliminary Hazards List/Analysis, System Hazard Analysis, Functional Hazard Analysis, Fault Tree Analysis, Safety Assessment Report)
Documenting hazards and maintain Hazard Tracking System
Developing Software Safety Requirements and providing requirements analysis and flow-down of Safety requirements and attributes in the Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements System (DOORS)
Performing code analyses to determine whether code is safety significant
Supporting Configuration Review Boards
Participating in System Safety Working Groups and Technical Interchange Meetings
Developing Technical Data Packages and Presentations for Safety Board Reviews
Documenting and reporting residual risk
This position can be a Salary Grade G07 or a Salary Grade G08 based on the candidate's qualifications as they relate to the skills, experience and responsibility requirements for the position.

This position requires the eligibility to obtain a security clearance. Except in rare circumstances, only US Citizens are eligible for a security clearance.

Required Skills:
2+ years engineering experience
At a Grade G07, 0 years of experience in the aforementioned areas along with a relevant Master's Degree may be considered for this job.
At a Grade G08, 2+ years of experience in the aforementioned areas along with a relevant Master's Degree may be considered for this job.
Ability to obtain DoD Secret Security Clearance
US Citizenship required
Desired Skills:
Experience as a Reliability Engineer, Software Engineer, Systems Engineer or equivalent
Knowledge of software development using the Unified Modeling Language, including the generation of Activity Diagrams, Class Diagrams, Sequence Diagrams, and Use Case Diagrams
Courses in C++ or Java
Ability to analyze a software design for correct and complete implementation of the requirements
Ability to analyze software for proper functionality, compliance with coding standards, and identification of the testing that should be performed at the unit and integration levels
Ability to identify and trace critical data and controls through a software-intensive system
Good verbal and written communications skills
Ability to interact well with designers, systems engineers, and test personnel to resolve issues
Experience and familiarity with Safety Engineering and Safety Design concepts
Ability to develop tables, queries, forms, and reports using a relational database tool
Ability to identify undesirable events that may arise as a result of system operation and scenarios leading to those events
Human Factors coursework or knowledge
Reliability coursework or knowledge
Knowledge of fundamental concepts of physics and engineering
Experience in presenting technical material
Experience executing a system safety program in accordance with MIL-STD-882
Experience executing a hazard tracking system
Experience performing hardware and software system safety analyses
Experience performing Fault Tree Analyses
Experience applying Human Systems Integration (HSI) concepts
MS degree systems engineering, computer science, software engineering, mathematics, physics or related technical field. MS degree satisfies 2 years of technical experience requirement.
Required Education:
BS in a STEM discipline or BA in Mathematics, Computer Science, Chemistry or Physics.

This job is posted internally as: Systems Engineer II / Sr. Systems Engineer I

Here at Raytheon Technologies, we innovate to create solutions and solve complex challenges across all domains: from land and sea to air, space, and cyberspace. In doing so, we embrace the talent, expertise and perspectives of our diverse workforce, each bringing their skills, ideas and dedication to the work we do. We pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers, industry partners and our teammates, making a positive impact not only to our business, but also in our communities where we live and work. Our constant innovation is made possible by a strong culture, investing in our people, and an unwavering vision thats shared by our employees across the globe a vision of one global team creating trusted, innovative solutions to make the world a safer place.

What We Offer: Whether youre just starting out on your career journey or are an experienced professional, we offer a robust total rewards package that goes above and beyond with compensation; healthcare, wellness, retirement and work/life benefits; career development and recognition programs. Some of the superior benefits on offer include parental (including paternal) leave, flexible work schedules, achievement awards, educational assistance and child/adult backup care.

163357BR 163357

Raytheon is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, age, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.
