Description

JOB DESCRIPTION:
Position is located in San Diego, CA
SAIC is looking for a cleared candidate with US Navy fleet experience and familiar with DoD Acquisition processes and manned and unmanned vehicles system integration. The engineering position and associated work assists with the implementation of systems integration functions for a C-ISR Program of Record within the Program Executive Office, Command, Control, Computers, Communications, and Intelligence (PEO C4I). The program is a CNO-directed mission critical system. Job Tasks may
include any of the following:

Evaluate system requirements and derive related measurable
performance criteria.

Work to define system integration onto manned and unmanned
vessels; specifically system interoperability requirements. This will require
refinement of system architecture(s) to meet operability needs on manned and
unmanned vessels.

Work proficiently on complex technical problems and seek
solutions for consideration.

Conduct SE activities based on sound engineering practices,
fleet experience and acquisition feasibility.

Elicit and refine customer-derived requirements.

Ensure designs fully support documented requirements and are
consistent with customer budget, schedule, risk profile and
organizational/system constraints.

Performs Systems Engineering activities including: concept
of operations formulation, requirements definition, analysis and engineering,
system architecting, system analysis and design, interface and data
architectures, validation and verification, systems integration, system &
operational performance analysis, lifecycle cost analysis & estimation,
decision analysis and physical configuration analysis.

Performs functional analysis, timeline analysis, detailed
trade studies, requirements allocation and interface definition studies to
translate customer requirements into hardware and software engineering
specifications.

Provides specific, detailed information for selection,
implementation techniques, and tools for the most efficient solution to meet
business needs, including present and future capacity requirements.

Demonstrated application of advanced technical principles,
theories, and concepts.

Contribute to developing revised or new principles and
concepts for mission execution.

Ability to recommend/make decisions on project work matters
and ensures effective achievement of program, project, or organizational
objectives.

Qualifications

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Bachelors and nine (9) years or more experience; Masters and seven (7) years or more experience ; PhD or JD and four (4) years or more experience.
If a STEM Degree we will accept a Bachelors and eight (8) years or more experience; Masters and six (6) years of more experience; PhD or JD and three (3) years or more experience.
Knowledge and experience with DoD acquisition process and the capability to plan and use systems engineering and development efforts in support of acquisition planning and execution.

Knowledge of DoD unmanned surface/subsurface/air vehicles and systems engineering and integration for remote unmanned systems operations.

Worked to build relationships with a variety of stakeholders, government technical representatives, and/or other supporting contractors; excellent written and oral communications; ability to work independently or in a team collaborative environment; ability to brief senior government personnel.

Active TS/SCI

Desired:

Familiarization with radio frequency waveform generation, transmission and propagation.

Prior Navy Fleet experience in SIGINT and C-ISR systems.

Understanding of Program Executive Office Command, Control, Communications, Computers and Intelligence (PEO C4I), NAVWAR, PEO IWS, NSWC Dahlgren and Naval Information Warfare Center (NIWC) Pacific organizations.

DAWIA, PMP, INCOSE.
