Big Data Engineering InternThis job posting is no longer active.Location: Plano, TX, United States -Job ID: 1086005Date Updated: Mar 20, 2020At JCPenney, we share a passion for serving customers, supporting our communities, and being the best retailer for all families. As a company founded on the Golden Rule, our success is rooted in the belief that we treat everyone the way we would want to be treated. At every touchpoint, customers discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. Reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately 98,000 associates across the globe, all driving toward the Company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort.Working at JCPenney means joining a dedicated team of associates who are encouraged to be uniquely themselves in a safe, caring and welcoming environment. It is a place where careers prosper, accomplishments are celebrated and diversity flourishes. It's a place that's meant for you.As an IT Intern for JCPenney, you'll be a part of the Information Technology team at our Home Office in Plano, TX (just 20 minutes north of downtown Dallas). You'll take part in a fast-paced, 9 week internship which will consist of projects, activities, and hands-on training to facilitate your learning. You'll have the opportunity to engage with senior leaders and subject matter experts who will be mentoring and coaching you to success. As a member of the Big Data Analytics team, you'll have an opportunity to learn and apply big data techniques to build data ingestion pipelines and a data quality framework. You can't miss this opportunity we're offering to develop your career by working on the latest technologies while also helping to expand JCPenney's data lake platform and enable delivery of new business insights.Primary Responsibilities:* Understanding of data preparation and ETL processes to ensure data reliability, efficiency, security and quality* Identifies technical implementation options and issues* Partners and communicates cross-functionally across the enterprise* Ability to explain technical issues to senior leaders in non-technical and understandable terms* Foster the continuous evolution of best practices within the development team to ensure data standardization and consistency developing Big Data frameworkCore Competencies & Accomplishments:* Cumulative GPA of 3.0 or higher and current college junior status or first year completed in Graduate level* Major in IT or Computer Science* A desire to live in the Dallas/Ft. Worth Area* Experience and good working knowledge of SQL and Python is key. Java is a plus* Experience and knowledge of Data Visualization Tools such as Tableau is a plus* Intermediate user of Microsoft Excel* Experience with AWS, Hadoop, Spark, UNIX/Linux, Scala, NoSQL such as Cassandra, Agile framework is a plus* Strong customer service and communication skills and ability to collaborate and contribute as a member of a strong technology team* This position is available only to individuals who are eligible to work for JCPenney in the United States. JCPenney will not sponsor individuals for immigration benefits for this role.Our corporate office, located within the exciting new development of Legacy West in Plano, Texas, supports JCPenney stores and supply chain facilities nationwide. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, and an associate discount on JCPenney merchandise. On-site campus amenities include health clinic, daycare, full cafeteria service, a 24-hour fitness center and free garage parking.#LI-KR2Job Title: Big Data Engineering InternLocation: Plano, TX, United States -Job ID: 1086005J.C. Penney Company Inc.Plano, Texas
