Project Engineer or Project Manager I - Water Planning

Description

PLUMMER is looking for an energetic and motivated project engineer to help us grow our water and wastewater planning practice group. This position provides an opportunity to work with a collaborative, talented and passionate team that focuses on all aspects of water resources planning, including water and wastewater system master planning, water reuse planning, water supply planning, stormwater planning and asset management. The ideal candidate will have 4 - 5 years of experience related to water distribution system and wastewater collection system master planning, including data analysis, GIS, operation of associated hydraulic models, development of asset management plans, and/or development of capital improvement plans.

Essential Functions
Serves as project engineer with responsibility for performing and/or directing project-related tasks
Helps manage task lists
Assists with preparing and monitoring project budgets
Adheres to project schedules and helps ensure timely completion of projects
May supervise and support junior staff in data analysis, GIS analysis, hydraulic model development and execution of model runs, preparation of cost estimates, preparation of capital improvement plans and development of project reports.
Develops relationships with existing clients through project work.
Works with marketing department as needed to prepare proposals for water and wastewater master planning projects.
Participates in professional organizations and other continuing education opportunities to stay abreast of advancements and new techniques/technologies related to water and wastewater system planning and asset management.
Supervisory Responsibility
It is anticipated that this position may have one direct report. Staff will be added as needed to support workload.

Work Environment
This position combines office work with some field work. It requires frequent sitting, walking, standing and driving. Some work may be performed out doors on rough terrain and/or during inclement weather.

Physical/Mental Demands
Must be physically and mentally able to deal with moderately high stress that may occur as a result of heavy workloads and tight deadlines.

May be required to lift up to 20 lbs on a regular basis

Position Type/Expected Hours
This is a Full-Time, regular position that is classified as Exempt and is expected to work at least 40 hours per week.

Travel
This position is expected to require travel about 20% of the time, including extended overnight stays.

Qualifications
Competencies
Solid understanding of the engineering fundamentals related to hydraulics for pressure and gravity systems. Experience with hydraulic computer models used for water and/or wastewater system evaluations.
Familiarity and experience using GIS systems.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Personal Qualities
Collaborative, discerning individual; Excellent time management skills; Able to follow-up effectively; Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills; Fits in company culture of integrity, kindness, service and excellence.

Required Education and Experience
BS in Civil, Environmental, Mechanical, Chemical Engineering or related field from an ABET accredited university
3+ years of experience in water and wastewater system master planning
Proficient in using GIS, spreadsheets and pressure/gravity system hydraulic models.
Preferred Education and Experience
Master's Degree in Civil, Environmental, Mechanical, Chemical Engineering or related field from an ABET accredited university

Additional Eligibility Qualifications
Must be a licensed PE in the state of Texas
Must have a valid Driver's License
Read, write, and speak English at a professional level.
Must be able to legally work in the United States without sponsorship.
It is the policy of the Company to provide an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability, workers compensation status, or veteran status.
Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Plummer does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Plummer will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Plummer.
