Where good people build rewarding careers.

Think that working in the insurance field cant be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. Youll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers lives. Well help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, youll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And youll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life.
Short Description
This Senior Consultant is an experienced individual contributor who will leverage data and analytics to help automate and optimize Claims Analytics Data processes enabling our Claims employees to focus on serving our customers and delivering the most advanced claims experience on the planet. They will be responsible for helping to bring together complex data into clean and useful data structures making our valuable data more approachable.
Key Responsibilities
Involved in the design, prototyping and delivery of software solutions within the big data eco-system
Work independently on big data projects and/or serving as analytics SME to provide new or enhanced data to the business
Improving data governance and quality increasing the reliability of our data
Influencing the creation of a single, trusted source for key Claims business data that can be shared across the Enterprise
Responsible for designing and building new Big Data systems for turning data into actionable insights
Train and mentor junior team members on Big Data/Hadoop tools and technologies
Identifies opportunities for improvement and presents recommendations to management
Develop solutions and iterates quickly to continuously improve
Seeks out and evaluates emerging big data technologies and open-source packages
Participate in strategic planning discussions with technical and non-technical partners
Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of Big Data and Analytics tools to achieve results (i.e., Python, Hadoop, HIVE, Scala, Impala and others).
Uses, learns, teaches, and supports a wide variety of programming languages on Big Data and Analytics work (i.e. Java, Python, SQL, R)
Job Qualifications
Undergraduate degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering (or related field) or equivalent experience preferred
5 years of experience preferred in a data integration, ETL and/or business intelligence/analytics related function
Ability to work with broad parameters in complex situations
Experience in developing, managing, and manipulating large, complex datasets
Expert high-level coding skills such as SQL and Python and/or other scripting languages(UNIX) required. Scala is a plus.
Some understanding and exposure to - streaming toolsets such as Kafka, FLINK, spark streaming a plus.
Experience with source control solutions (ex git, GitHub, Jenkins, Artifactory) required
At least 2 years of experience with big data and the Hadoop ecosystem (HDFS, SPARK, SQOOP, Hive, Impala, Parquet) required
Experience with Agile development methodologies and tools to iterate quickly on product changes, developing user stories and working through backlog (Continuous Integration and JIRA a plus)
Experience with Airflow is a plus
Working knowledge of Tableau a plus
Advanced oral and written communication skills
Strong quantitative and analytical abilities
Good organizational and time management skills
Ability to manage and coach others
Decision making capabilities including problem solving approaches, decision frameworks; ability to design and lead complex analysis
Strong interpersonal skills

The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen.

Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®.

As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary but thats just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, youll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy.

Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video.

Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position.

Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.

For jobs in San Francisco, please click here for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.
For jobs in Los Angeles, please click here for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

To view the EEO is the Law poster click here. This poster provides information concerning the laws and procedures for filing complaints of violations of the laws with the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs

To view the FMLA poster, click here. This poster summarizing the major provisions of the Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA) and telling employees how to file a complaint.

It is the Companys policy to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs. Therefore, any discriminatory action taken on account of an employees ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual and reproductive health decision, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race (include traits historically associated with race, including, but not limited to, hair texture and protective hairstyles), religion (including religious dress), sex, or sexual orientation that adversely affects an employee's terms or conditions of employment is prohibited. This policy applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, hiring, training, salary administration, promotion, job assignment, benefits, discipline, and separation of employment.
