Job Description
About Infinitive:

At Infinitive, we do mission-critical work for great companies. We specialize in digital marketing and digital advertising solutions, customer data & analytics, digital & business transformation, and Technology solutions. Our Technology solutions focus on Managed Cloud Services, Cloud Enablement, Digital Operations, Application Development, DevOps, Product Development, Cloud Security, Data Science and Analytics, AI/ML, IoT, and everything in between.

Our experts are results-obsessed, focused and flexible, highly engaged and hugely experienced – having sat in our clients’ seats. Those qualities are what make us different than old-school consulting shops. And surely, they are why clients and partners describe us as “the gold standard in client experience.”

Infinitive has been named a “Best Small Firms to Work For” by Consulting Magazine seven times, a Washington Post Top Workplace three times, a Washington Business Journal Best Places to Work twice, and is a seven time winner of Virginia Business Best Places to Work.

About this Role:

Infinitive is growing its team in the Northern Virginia area and is currently seeking a Data Scientist to join our growing Technology practice. This person will utilize their experience in analytics, IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances to create value from structured and unstructured data. The ideal candidate has experience designing novel data analytic methods and workflows, including full data pipelines from raw data through analysis results. They must also have exposure to a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms, and creating/running simulations.

We are looking for candidates who are accountable, passionate, assertive, proactive, open & honest, results oriented, and adaptable. Each project engagement represents a new challenge that will give you exposure to new clients, business issues, technologies, and people and will involve a range of responsibilities to include:
Developing in Java, Python, R, or other high-level languages.
Managing disparate data sources with varying data structures of content and preparing these for data science and machine learning applications.
Working with distributed scalable Big Data storage, processing, and computation, including AWS EMR, Spark, etc.
Implementation knowledge of, or desire to learn AWS / Azure data science capabilities.
Developing solutions and integrating and extending free and Open-source software (FOSS) or COTS products.
Conduct MapReduce programming with Apache Hadoop, the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and processing large data stores.
Knowledge of SQL and query languages.
Utilize real-time, large-scale data processing engine, including Apache Spark.
Lead and create Data Science and Analytics methodologies and frameworks for implementation.
Ability to build and develop Data Science demonstrations for clients
Qualifications:
3+ years of development experience (Java, Python, R)
2+ years of experience with distributed scalable Big Data storage, including AWS EMR, Spark, etc.
Desire to become AWS / Azure Certified architect / engineer.
Interest in being involved internally and growing a small business (entrepreneurial spirit)
Ability to travel (up to 20%) and to work independently
Ability to commute to client site
Experience using Agile software development methods in a DevOps environment.
Excellent leadership, peer management, and communication skills
Management consulting experience (preferred)
Bachelor's degree
Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa.

Infinitive is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Powered by JazzHR
