Req ID: 90378

At NTT DATA Services, we know that with the right people on board, anything is possible. The quality, integrity, and commitment of our employees are key factors in our company’s growth, market presence and our ability to help our clients stay a step ahead of the competition. By hiring the best people and helping them grow both professionally and personally, we ensure a bright future for NTT DATA Services and for the people who work here.

NTT DATA Services currently seeks a Machine Learning/Data Engineer to join our team in Irving, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

Duties:
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using various regression, classification or clustering
Create visualizations to represent data for consumption by different, non-technical, pedestrian audiences.
Analyze large volumes of data, to identify any anomalies.
Required Skills:
7+ years of overall technology experience, with 5+ years of data management, modeling and architecture design experience
2 years' experience with NoSQL databases, such as Cassandra, MongoDB, or CouchDB
2 years of Python
2 years' experience using frameworks/libs like TensorFlow, Keras, or Spacy
5 years' experience with integration of data from multiple data sources
2 years' experience using Hadoop, Kafka, or HDFS
2 years' experience building stream-processing systems, using solutions such as Storm or Spark-Streaming
2 years' experience using Spark
Preferred Skills:
Experience with various messaging systems, such as MQTT or RabbitMQ
Experience working in public cloud environments like AWS, or Azure.
Experience assisting Data Scientists with conforming and integrating data, data preparation and data cleansing, and then automating that work over time.
Good understanding of Lambda Architecture, along with its advantages and drawbacks
A strong team-oriented mindset
Experience using Big Data querying tools and approaches including Parquet, Hive, and Impala
This position is only available to those interested in direct staff employment opportunities with NTT DATA, Inc. or its subsidiaries. Please note, 1099 or corp-2-corp contractors or the equivalent will NOT be considered. We offer a full comprehensive benefits package that starts from your first day of employment.

About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services partners with clients to navigate and simplify the modern complexities of business and technology, delivering the insights, solutions and outcomes that matter most. We deliver tangible business results by combining deep industry expertise with applied innovations in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services.

NTT DATA Services, headquartered in Plano, Texas, is a division of NTT DATA Corporation, a top 10 global business and IT services provider with 118,000+ professionals in more than 50 countries, and NTT Group, a partner to 88 percent of the Fortune 100. Visit nttdataservices.com to learn more.

NTT DATA, Inc. (the “Company”) is an equal opportunity employer and makes employment decisions on the basis of merit and business needs. The Company will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, citizenship, national origin, ancestry, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran or marital status, or any other class protected by law. To comply with applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities to qualified individuals with a disability, the Company will make reasonable accommodations for the known physical or mental limitations of an otherwise qualified individual with a disability who is an applicant or an employee unless undue hardship to the Company would result.
