Foresite Group has an exciting opportunity for an experienced, self‐starting, energetic, and innovative Civil Engineer to join our Dallas, TX office.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering

Qualifications: EIT Certificate or PE license and 3-7 years of experience in civil site design

Responsibilities: Prepares plans and specifications for land development projects. Has knowledge of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within the industry. Manages, organizes, and oversees civil designs and details to produce a complete set of drawings. Researches and writes reports/opinions, including due diligence investigations and code studies. Utilizes various engineering related computer software including AutoCAD Civil 3D. Perform civil design calculations (i.e., grading, drainage, paving, geometric design, utility design, etc.), sketches, technical comparisons, and similar technical work using specialized skills, experience, and engineering judgment to transform concept designs into construction drawings and technical specifications as required by assignment. Research code issues and rezoning ordinances and work with city, state, and county officials. Conduct studies to identify engineering problems and assess potential project impact. Inspect project sites with Project Manager to monitor progress and ensure conformance to design specifications and safety standards. Coordinate project tasks and scheduling with Project Manager. Research design options and document findings for Project Manager. Assist the Project Manager or Project Engineer with feasibility studies, design, drafting, and permitting of engineering projects. Assist in examination of engineering documents for completeness or accuracy. Assist in review of drawings supplied by vendors, clients, engineers, and architects and recommend necessary changes.

Skills: Possesses ability to analyze needs and product requirements to create a design. Has ability to manage important resources such as time and materials. Possesses ability to use logic and reasoning to identify strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Demonstrates ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions, as well as interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables. Outstanding communication skills; High level of interpersonal skills and integrity; Works well within a team environment.
