This Solutions Engineer will partner with the TierPoint sales team to assist in closing new business opportunities by gaining a thorough technical and business understanding of clients' needs and matching those needs with solutions within the TierPoint service portfolio. This position largely focuses on strategic clients requiring complex data center colocation and multi-site cloud connectivity services.

Provides quality internal and external customer service surrounding the Company values.
Provide technical product guidance and support during pre-sales discussions with current and prospective customers and partners.
Participate in meetings and lead technical discussions. Act as the technical Trusted Advisor to prospective clients by aligning their business and technical needs with the appropriate solutions.
Provide RFP responses, technical drawings, presentations, scopes of work, and technical recommendations.
Participate in customer-focused seminars, tradeshows, events, and presentations.
Stay up to date on emerging technologies and products, including attaining certifications and participation in industry events as appropriate.
Provide ongoing product technical training to the TierPoint direct sales organization and channel partners.
National sales territory with travel requirements for client visits and trade shows. Expect to travel 1-2 times per month.
Solutions Engineer Responsibilities
This position provides additional focus and expertise around complex data center colocation and multi-site cloud connectivity services.
Focus clients include strategic national and global telecommunication, media, OTT, and hyperscale cloud providers.
Contributes to and supports the PDLC process(es) relating to colocation & connectivity services.
Partners with Product and Architecture & Engineering teams to ensure short-term and long-term goals are met.
Provides and assists with facility tours of TierPoint data centers.
Builds floor plans, rack layouts, cage spaces, and statements of work to support solutions.
Builds and maintains audit reports of strategic client inventory and services.
Works with distributed site operations staff to manage space allocation.
Work with local operations in each market to understand the space, power, and connectivity landscape.
Design cage layouts to satisfy customers’ requirements and meet data center efficiencies.
Understand Public, Private, and Hybrid cloud best practices and nomenclature.
Understand the difference in power/space and supply vs demand in assigned markets.
Industry understanding of major geographic interconnection hubs, competitive landscape, and growing trends in national and global data center products.

Bachelor degree preferred or demonstrated equivalent related work experience.
Minimum 5-7 years of presales experience in Cloud, Managed Services, Colocation, Network, and Business Continuity with working knowledge of VMware virtualization, Microsoft Operating Systems, Storage, Security, LAN and WAN networking, and replication technologies.
Prior working experience in an IT/Operations role preferred.
Prior working experience with
Excellent written, verbal and presentation skills are required.
Ability to create detailed technical documents and lead interactive whiteboarding sessions with internal and external customers.
Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
Ability to think quickly and precisely in a fast-paced environment.
Experience presenting complex technical topics to both technical and business audiences.
Technical Certifications (VTSP, MCSE, CCNA, etc.) a plus.
Adequate professional experience and knowledge to perform Job Responsibilities.
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal skills.
Ability to prioritize and organize effectively.
Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously.
Ability to operate in a fast moving, team-oriented, collaborative environment with tight deadlines.
Proficiency in using MS Office Suite and Windows-based computer applications.
