Professional Engineer

Description
We are accepting resumes for a Project Engineer to support growing operations located in our Dallas office. The ideal candidate will be motivated and hard-working, have excellent oral and written communication skills, will be able to work in both field and office environments, and be capable of multi-tasking on several projects. The Project Engineer will report to and work with a Senior Project Manager in the Dallas office to support existing and future work in the water and wastewater market. This position works with the Project Manager and staff in other Texas branch offices to evaluate client project needs and objectives; identify solutions; and support the project team to prepare engineering memoranda and reports; design drawings and details; technical specifications; and cost estimates. The person must have exceptional time management skills, as well as a solid understanding of the engineering fundamentals related to treatment and design of water, stormwater, and wastewater systems, pump station design, hydraulics and construction administration. A solid understanding of wastewater treatment principles would be useful in this position, as well.

This position will be responsible for performing assessments, design, design calculations, hydraulic analysis/modeling, and technical office and field work for water/wastewater and storm water projects. The opportunity will be available to assist with water and wastewater treatment projects and with a variety of other water and wastewater planning, quality, and regulatory support projects.

Essential Functions:

Serve as Project Engineer on multiple water and wastewater treatment assessment and design projects with significant autonomy for project related tasks and as a designated client contact on some assignments.
Project management responsibilities on smaller, less complex projects, including preparation and monitoring of budgets and schedules.
Conduct periodic construction observation site visits and prepare field site visit reports.
Assist Project Manager in scope/fee/schedule project plan to be used in client negotiations.
Attend client meetings and assist with client relationship management.
Participate in professional associations representing the firm in networking opportunities.
Participate in company-provided training.
Responsible for development of cost estimates based on standard industry information and project specific information.
Responsible for development of drawings and/or sketches for incorporation into study figures or design drawings, such as layout of plans and profile drawings, standards details and site plans.
Responsible for drafting sections and/or a complete technical memoranda or lengthy reports.
Responsible for evaluating project permitting requirements and coordinating with governing agencies on permit applications and submittals.
Responsible for contacting equipment and product manufacturers and vendors for information, pricing, and project-specific design considerations.
Assist with communications pertaining to specific assignments or meetings.
Coordinate work of engineers-in-training, designers, interns, and/or administrative staff.
Competencies:

Microsoft Office high proficiency, including Excel, required
Working knowledge of AutoCAD or Microstation preferred
Working knowledge of GIS, Google Earth or other Geographic mapping systems preferred.
Problem solving, investigation, and analysis skills
Team collaboration skills
Supervisory Responsibility:


While this position will have no direct reports initially, he/she will function as a coordinator of project-related tasks to engineers-in-training and project professionals.

Work Environment:
This job includes a mix of approximately 90% office time and 10% outside field requirements depending on project scopes. Candidates are expected to serve in a traditional professional office environment. Additionally, candidates are expected perform outside data collection from agency files or through field activities; including site visits to construction sites, obtaining field notes, operating basic survey equipment, etc. in various climates and topography within Texas.

Position Type/Hours:
This is a full-time position, 40 hrs/wk. Typical days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. Occasional longer hours may be required as job duties demand, including evenings and/or weekend work.

Travel:
10% Travel is expected for this position's essential job duties.

Qualifications
Required Education & Experience:

Bachelor of Science in Civil, Structural, Environmental, or Mechanical Engineering or related field of Engineering from an ABET accredited university.
5-10 years total professional experience in the field, including design experience
Licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas or able to become licensed in Texas within 6 months of employment.
Outstanding communication skills and prior experience.
Personal Qualities:
Independent, self-directed worker; knows when to stop and ask questions; organized and able to prioritize multiple tasks; insatiable desire to continue learning; loves researching and solving complex problems. Must be efficiency minded seeking methods to improve and streamline processes. Fits in company culture of integrity, kindness, service and excellence.

Physical/Mental Demands:
Physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, communications with other engineers, clients, vendors, and contractors will be necessary. Traveling to and from project sites and meetings is required. Utilizing basic survey equipment, obtaining field notes, climbing stairs or ladders, etc in various climates within Texas may be required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Mental demands typically include time management, conflict resolution, excellent communication and organizational skills. Must be able to manage fast paced project environment with multiple competing deadlines.

Preferred Education & Experience:

Master's Degree in Civil, Structural, Environmental, or Mechanical Engineering or a related field from an ABET accredited university
Experience in Consulting Engineering industry specializing in water quality, water and wastewater design, hydraulic design (open channel and closed pipe systems)
Additional Eligibility Qualifications:

Read, write, and speak English at a professional level.
Valid Texas Driver's License
Other Duties:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

It is the policy of the Company to provide an equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees. The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, age, medical condition, disability, workers compensation status, or veteran status.

Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Plummer does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Plummer will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Plummer.
