The University of Southern California's (USC's) Information Technology Services is seeking a talented Senior Business Analyst for Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) with an exceptional commitment to service excellence to join its team. As the Senior Business Analyst (ERP), you will be an integral member of the Product Strategy and Design team, collaborating with diverse and talented team members to help solve multidimensional information technology problems, improve customer experience, and generate value for our campus stakeholders across a broad base of departments and constituencies.

THE TEAM

ITS has embarked on a major digital transformation initiative to continually improve services for faculty, staff, and students in support of USC's ascent as a leading institution of higher education. The ITS vision aligns strategy, business, and services; affirms ITS cultural values; empowers cross-functional teamwork; embraces world-class best practices; and promotes innovation, excellence, agility, and efficiency. To achieve this vision, ITS is committed to providing a modern technology infrastructure that is resilient and delivers the performance necessary to meet the demands of a growing customer base, training in the latest technologies for its highly productive and motivated workforce, outstanding customer experience, and technology services that are aligned with the university's mission to provide exceptional learning opportunities for students. ITS is creating a workplace where employees can develop cutting-edge skills, take pride in the services they provide, and have access to the roles and career paths that align to their abilities and potential.

We are looking for top talent to join us on our journey.

ITS CULTURE

USC's ITS organization represents a diverse and talented team, committed to supporting a collaborative culture and delivering secure and innovative IT services, core to the mission of USC. ITS values accountability, excellence, and commitment to exceptional customer experience. ITS strives for a supportive and inclusive culture that encourages employees to do their best work every day and where individuals are recognized and celebrated for their contributions.

ABOUT USC

USC is the leading private research university in Los Angeles-a global center for arts, technology, and international business. With more than 47,500 students, we are located primarily in Los Angeles but also in various US and global satellite locations. As the largest private employer in Los Angeles, responsible for $8 billion annually in economic activity in the region, we offer the opportunity to work in a dynamic and diverse environment, in careers that span a broad spectrum of talents and skills across a variety of academic and professional schools and administrative units. As a USC employee and member of the Trojan Family-the faculty, staff, students, and alumni who make USC a great place to work-you will enjoy excellent benefits, including a variety of well-being programs designed to help individuals achieve work-life balance.

Come join the ITS team and work as a trusted partner in shaping an environment of innovation and excellence for the university.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

The candidate for the position of Senior Business Analyst (ERP) must meet the following qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as business administration, computer science, computer information systems, etc., or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience.
Five years of experience in one of the following fields: business administration, information technology, or higher education.
Expertise in ERP solutions that support human resources, recruiting, payroll, and financial business processes.
Demonstrated experience in the support or deployment of financials, awards, and grants (research) in ERP solutions.
Proven ability to facilitate collaboration across a broad audience of stakeholders and drive consensus in alignment with university policies, processes, and procedures.
Ability to provide strategies and recommendations based on design and development methodologies.
Ability to leverage lessons learned from past experiences to drive continuous improvement of application and business process solutions.
Proven record of delivering end-to-end, user-centered products by considering stakeholder requirements, user research, market analysis, data, customer feedback, and technical constraints or opportunities.
Experience leading requirement gathering interviews or sessions.
Proven ability to measure results of user-centered products.
Experience developing test strategies and plans using widely accepted test methodologies or frameworks.
Experience operating with Lean and/or Agile methodologies.
Experience utilizing analytics tools to measure success, present opportunities, and support decision-making.
Experience presenting technical topics in a business-oriented fashion to non-technical audiences.
Proven experience establishing strong working relationships with a wide range of team members and clients.
Proven ability to make efficient, logical decisions in a rapidly changing environment.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including demonstrated effective functional documentation skills.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent time management and prioritization abilities.
Understanding of computer programming concepts such as the software development lifecycle.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office tools and applications.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS

The ideal candidate for the position of Senior Business Analyst (ERP) has the following qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a relevant field such as business administration, computer science, computer information systems, etc.
Eight or more years of experience in one of the following fields: business administration, information technology, or higher education.
Experience with Workday ERP implementation.
Experience with Kuali ERP maintenance and upgrades.
THE WORK YOU WILL DO

The Senior Business Analyst (ERP) leads the planning, design, and conception of functionality for university enterprise resource planning applications. This role owns requirements, conceptualizes designs, and influences future state business processes in support of core business functions for the university. This role leads collaborative efforts across a broad range of business partners and stakeholders including students, faculty, and staff. The Senior Business Analyst (ERP) effectively documents future state processes, tests the effectiveness of developed solutions, and enables the adoption of new business processes through training support. As a member of ITS, the Senior Business Analyst (ERP) demonstrates ITS values in action.

Job Accountabilities

The Senior Business Analyst (ERP):
Facilitates collaborations with stakeholders across the university to design and document business processes for enterprise resource planning solutions.
Configures best-in-class application functions for enterprise resource planning tools that are aligned with business objectives. Configures application functions independently or in a team environment.
Communicates and presents recommended business process improvements and solutions and decision-making rationale in team and client meetings. Works collaboratively with others across the organization, including user experience researchers, product managers, designers, developers, and analysts, to deliver engaging experiences that balance customer needs, business goals, and technical realities.
Develops human-centered design (HCD) processes and approaches to deliver a broad range of sustainable solutions. Engages in standard business analysis methodologies by outlining problems, opportunities, and solutions.
Leads user research efforts to gain an understanding of customer and stakeholder pain points, challenges, and needs. Builds and delivers design solutions that meet customer needs and expectations.
Drives innovation and continuous improvement by leveraging the latest industry knowledge. Continually develops skills, knowledge, and abilities by maintaining currency on emerging technologies and approaches. Seeks opportunities to innovate and maximize system functionality.
Actively mitigates risk by owning tasks, resources, and changes. Enables the release management process by anticipating risks and providing strategic recommendations for releases. Delivers high-quality project analysis documentation such as business requirements, scope matrices, use cases, future state proposals, UAT plans, etc.
Prioritizes, analyzes, and articulates problems. Evaluates and documents problem alternatives. Manages constraints and suggests interim and long-term solutions. Utilizes leading practices to effectively anticipate or solve problems. Engages appropriate stakeholders to productively and comprehensively solve problems.
Contributes to an inclusive environment that values differences by building and maintaining collaborative relationships with team members, peers, and ITS leaders. Actively embodies ITS values and behaviors including accountability, ethics, and best-in-class customer service. Contributes to a culture of trust and transparency by sharing information broadly, openly, and deliberately.
Supports the vision for Product Strategy and Design. Works closely with team members and management to implement and support effective solutions for enterprise resource planning. Maintains currency with technology, standards, and best practices. Supports process improvement efforts within the team and across ITS.
Performs other related duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined experience/education as substitute for minimum education

Minimum Experience: 5 years

USC is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law or USC policy. USC will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring ordinance. We provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact USC Human Resources by phone at (213) 821-8100, or by email at uschr@usc.edu. Inquiries will be treated as confidential to the extent permitted by law.

Read USC's Clery Act Annual Security Report

Required Legal Notices

Certain positions are subject to background screening

If you are a current USC employee, please apply to this USC job posting in Workday by copying and pasting this link into your browser:

https://wd5.myworkday.com/usc/d/inst/1$9925/9925$43729.htmld
