About Frontier Communications

Frontier Communications provides communications services to urban, suburban,
and rural communities in 25 states. Frontier offers a variety of services to
residential customers over its FiOS and Vantage fiber-optic and copper
networks, including video, high-speed internet, advanced voice, and Frontier
Secure digital protection solutions. Frontier Business offers
communications solutions to small, medium, and enterprise businesses.

Big_Data_Engineer_-_Job_Description

Frontier communications network generates a large sum of data each day form of
communications data, network device data, log files, customer interaction data,
etc. You will be architecting a "big data" platform to store, process these
data to be used by data scientists and machine learning engineers. You will
have the opportunity to work with a small team of data scientists and machine
learning engineers to build products and services to improve the state of the
Frontier communications network and elevate the customer experience.
You will design, develop, test, and maintain big data infrastructure in
the cloud and on-prem locations.
You will develop ETL pipelines to collect data from various sources,
transform and store them, and enable stakeholders to consume it.
You will be developing pipelines to support machine learning application
development processes.
You will be working with different parts of a large organization to
locate, understand, and extract data from a diverse variety of systems
and transform them into a big data platform.
Monitoring data performance and modifying infrastructure as
Define data retention policies
Qualifications
Minimum:

o Computer Science degree or relevant experience.
o 5+ years of industry experience in Data Engineering
o Strong experience with MapReduce development for large datasets
(Hadoop, HDFS, YARN).
o Strong background in Linux
o 5+ years of experience in python
o Industry experience in developing ETL pipelines to manage large
datasets.
o Working knowledge of machine learning development process
Preferred:

o Master s degree in computer science
o Experience in terabyte scale data manipulation.
o Experience in ingestion tools such as sqoop, and flume is a plus.
o Experience in Kafka and airflow is a plus.
o Processing framework such as Spark and Hive is a plus
o Experience in Apache HBase is a plus
o AWS big data certification is a plus

Frontier Communications is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity
Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment
without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender
identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be
discriminated against on the basis of disability.
