Do you have a gift for helping people and organizations successfully navigate change? Can you inspire others to imagine and embrace new ways of working? Are you analytical and intuitive at the same time? Do you thrive engaging a wide variety of stakeholders to meet pressing challenges?

The University of Southern California (USC) has established a program to optimize its current use of the Workday Human Capital Management and Payroll system, implemented in 2014. The University will soon embark on an initiative to modernize its business processes through implementation of Workday Financials. The combined Workday Programs are critical to USC's overall goals to improve administrative efficiency.

We are currently seeking Organizational Change Management (OCM) Analysts to join the Workday Programs team in the Information Technology Services (ITS) department of the University of Southern California. The Organizational Change Management (OCM) Analyst will be the lead member of a department success team, working with a business analyst, communications specialist and others to support a group of academic or administrative units in realizing the objectives of the HCM optimization and/or Financial implementation effort. The Analyst will work with HR or Finance professionals and other managers in the departments to leverage Workday functionality and explore options to establish more effective local processes. In addition, the Analyst will participate in developing and implementing OCM activities for the program as a whole.

The Workday Programs Organization Change Management approach focuses on engaging stakeholders and promoting full adoption by operating departments as well as central administrative units. The goal for OCM extends beyond achieving proficiency with specific functionality to inspiring and supporting changes in business processes and practices to allow USC to take optimal advantage of the Workday Human Capital Management and Financial Systems.

ITS is committed to providing information technology services and support to the university. ITS provides essential, university-wide services such as:
Enterprise information systems
University wired and wireless networks
Educational Technology
Research Computing
IT Security
These are fixed-term positions with anticipated end dates of September 30, 2021. Please note that these are full-time roles eligible for benefits, including medical, dental, and vision plans.

There are 9 vacancies for this role.

What You'll Do:
Create change management strategies using structured methodology, experience and situational details of the group(s) impacted to assist in completion of change initiatives regarding people, process and technology. Coach team leaders and sponsors on impacts both expected and not, assisting in promoting change adoption within their departments.
Partner with project or program managers to integrate project and change management plans and align strategies, objectives and timelines. Maintain close communication with project managers and project teams to revise plans as needed in response to new information or technical developments.
Define, clarify and drive the project teams' common understanding of business processes for successful change adoptions. Identify risks, keep them visible at all times, strategize to prevent them from negatively impacting projects and track them to ensure they are addressed by the teams.
Support the design, delivery and management of communications. Propose instructional strategies and/or recommend alternatives to improve the effectiveness and efficiency for communication, training and resistance management. Develop independently, or as part of a team, overall objectives and actionable, targeted implementation strategies.
Plan and organize meetings, demonstrations, presentations and other events to engage and inform stakeholders. Develop content, prepare presentations and arrange logistics.
Form and organize performance metrics to assess and evaluate change adoption and utilization of changed functions and/or systems. Measure the levels of participation and proficiency of users and stakeholders with new processes.
Track and report all change management deliverables at appropriate intervals, implementing corrective actions and celebrating successes, as appropriate.
Apply evaluation methodologies to regularly assess effectiveness and sustainability of change management strategies and activities. Collect and analyze feedback, diagnose any gaps and remaining resistance, and identify process improvements.
Create and manage calendars, working closely across IT departments with clear perspective of all project dates, meetings, calls and training.
Develop strategies to support the distinct business needs of a portfolio of academic or administrative units in adopting new and revised HCM functionality. Facilitate analysis of business processes, promote exploration of alternative processes, identify risks to successful deployment, and assist in developing departmental change management, communication and training programs.
Partner with program management and other program team members to integrate OCM efforts and assure that department experience and feedback informs program activities.
Contribute to the design, delivery and management of communications at program and departmental levels.
Create and manage OCM plans and calendars for assigned business units, minimizing conflicts with other department and related university activities.
Plan and organize meetings, demonstrations, presentations and other events to inform and engage stakeholders. Develop targeted approaches to illustrate benefits to be realized from fuller adoption of Workday functionality.
Perform other duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
The Must Haves:
Bachelor's degree or combined education/experience as substitute for minimum education
2 years of experience in organizational change management, organization development, project management or a related field
Solid understanding of change processes and their impacts on both individuals and organizations
Knowledge of organizational change management principles, methodologies, and tools
Experience with business service management tools (e.g. Service Now)
Experience with Project Management software (e.g. SmartSheet, Microsoft Project)
Experience with presentation software programs (e.g. Microsoft Visio, Microsoft PowerPoint)
Ability to work with multiple constituencies in a fast-paced project environment
The Nice to Haves:
Master's degree
5 years of experience in a related field, including at least 1 year specifically in change management practice
Advanced knowledge of and applied skills in one or more of the following fields: organizational change management, human resources, information technology operations, business process improvement, organization development, design and/or communication
Experience with collaboration software (e.g. SharePoint)
Demonstrated success in leading teams
Benefits:

USC benefits include a choice of retirement programs, 12 paid vacation days per year, 12 paid sick days per year, university holidays, a choice of medical and dental plans, and discounts to football games, basketball games, and other campus events.

Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree

Minimum Experience: 2 years

Minimum Field of Expertise: At least two years' experience in change management, organization development, project management or related field. Experience and knowledge of change management principles, methodologies and tools, with a solid understanding of how people go through change processes. Experience with service and project management tools (e.g., ServiceNow) and presentation software (e.g., Vision, Powerpoint). Ability to multitask, interact with multiple stakeholders and handle changing priorities.

USC is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law or USC policy. USC will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring ordinance. We provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact USC Human Resources by phone at (213) 821-8100, or by email at uschr@usc.edu. Inquiries will be treated as confidential to the extent permitted by law.

Read USC's Clery Act Annual Security Report

Required Legal Notices

Certain positions are subject to background screening

If you are a current USC employee, please apply to this USC job posting in Workday by copying and pasting this link into your browser:

https://wd5.myworkday.com/usc/d/inst/1$9925/9925$33005.htmld
