We are looking for a passionate Data Engineer to add to Credera's Data & Analytics practice. Our ideal candidate is excited about being on project-based teams in a client facing roles to architect and implement enterprise data solutions. The data engineer will be part of our team of strategy and technology consultants, contributing to projects focused on data strategy, data science, modern data architecture, data visualization and insights. They are an experienced data pipeline developer who enjoys data wrangling, optimizing data flows, and building solutions for data collection and analysis. They are experienced with developing and deploying cloud-based data solutions. They are team player who is passionate about building team culture. They enjoy a fast-paced environment, solving business problems with the use of data. The data engineer will be comfortable applying their expertise across many use cases in various industries.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Candidate with 3+ years of experience in a Data Engineer role
Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field
Experience building and optimizing data pipelines and data architecture
Experience with wrangling, exploring, and analyzing data to answer specific business questions and identify opportunities for improvement
Strong project management and organizational skills
Consulting experience is preferred
The ideal candidate will have working knowledge of the following:
Big data tools (e.g. Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.)
Relational SQL and NoSQL databases (e.g. Postgres, MySQL, SQL Server, Cassandra, MongoDB, etc.)
Data pipeline and workflow management tools (e.g. Azkaban, Oozie, Luigi, Airflow, etc.)
Stream-processing systems (e.g. Storm, Spark-Streaming, etc.)
Scripting languages (e.g. Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.)
Container Orchestration (e.g. Kubernetes, Docker, etc.)
Experience with one or more of the following cloud service providers:
AWS cloud services
Google Cloud Platform
Azure cloud services
Travel: Up to 25%

LEARN MORE:

We do not currently commence "sponsor" immigration cases in order to employ candidates.

Credera is a management consulting, user experience, and technology solutions firm with offices in Dallas, Denver, Houston, Chicago, and New York. We work with clients ranging from Fortune 500 companies to emerging industry leaders, and provide expert, objective advice to help solve complex business and technology challenges. Our deep capabilities in strategy, organization, process, analytics, technology and user experience help our clients improve their performance. Clients depend on our ability to anticipate, recognize, and address their specific needs. Credera's consultants work with some of the world's best known brands in a variety of industries, including one of the top five fast food chains, leading energy organizations, retailers, airlines. More information is available at www.credera.com. We are part of the OPMG Group of Companies, a division of Omnicom Group Inc.

Along with a great company culture, Credera provides an outstanding compensation package including a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit plan (e.g., medical, dental, disability, matching 401k, PTO, etc.). This position is an exempt position.

U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)

Individuals seeking employment at Credera are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. Completion of the last four questions in our application is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.
