Application Apply on Employer's Site The application opened in a new tab. By using this feature you agree to our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.DetailsPosted: July 7, 2020

Location:Sunnyvale, California Show Map

Salary:Salary dependent on qualificatType:Full Time - ExperiencedYears of Experience:5 - 10Category:Operations

Required Education:4 Year Degree

Silicon Valley Clean Energy is seeking a Senior Data Engineer who works under the direction of the Director for Decarbonization & Grid Innovation to lead an organization-wide data strategy, and the design, implementation and management of an optimized and reliable overarching data architecture for SVCE's business functions to support achieving our decarbonization mission.

The position will be responsible to:
Design, implement and manage an optimized and reliable overarching data architecture to support SVCE's business and mission.
Develop and maintain the infrastructure required for extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources (ETL).
Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements, including automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, and re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.
Design and implement best practices for data storage, versioning, querying, as well as managing relevant
Build processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency, and workload
Collaborate across the organization and with external partners to aggregate additional relevant data sets to support business functions.
Design and develop data analytics dashboards and visualization tools. Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to understand business and policy challenges, goals and objectives and translate them into data analytics use
Support data requests with key Silicon Valley stakeholders such as research institutions, start-ups, high-tech, students and the community

Qualifications for Senior Data Engineer

Any combination of experience and training that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying.
Education:
A Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university or college in science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or a related, quantitative field. A Master's Degree in the aforementioned fields can substitute for up to one year of the required experience. A Doctoral Degree in the aforementioned fields can substitute for up to three years of the required experience.
Experience:
Six (6) years of progressively responsible experience as a data engineer at an electric utility, cleantech company, software company, or similar organization
Applicants must submit a cover letter outlining key qualifications and reasons for your interest, a current resume including education and 5 years of previous employment history, and a completed copy of the SVCE job application, available at Please email these documents and any questions to: by 5 PM on July 24, 2020.

NOTES: Telecommuting is allowed.

Additional Salary Information: Competitive benefits
Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs Connections working at Silicon Valley Clean EnergyMore Jobs from This EmployerMore Jobs Like This
Faculty Positions in Solid Mechanics and Aerospace Engineering Shenzhen, China

Southern University of Science and Technology (SUSTech) 2 Weeks Ago

Traffic Engineer Technician Overland Park, Kansas

City of Overland Park, KS Today

Senior Construction Materials Testing Technician El Paso, Texas

Wood Yesterday
BACK TO TOP
