Locations: TX - Plano, United States of America, Plano, Texas

At Capital One, were building a leading information-based technology company. Still founder-led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Richard Fairbank, Capital One is on a mission to help our customers succeed by bringing ingenuity, simplicity, and humanity to banking. We measure our efforts by the success our customers enjoy and the advocacy they exhibit. We are succeeding because they are succeeding.

Guided by our shared values, we thrive in an environment where collaboration and openness are valued. We believe that innovation is powered by perspective and that teamwork and respect for each other lead to superior results. We elevate each other and obsess about doing the right thing. Our associates serve with humility and a deep respect for their responsibility in helping our customers achieve their goals and realize their dreams. Together, we are on a quest to change banking for good.

Manager, Data Engineering
Are you a lead technologist that thrives in a vibrant, innovative and collaborative team? Do you want to work for a tech company that writes its own code, develops its own software, and builds its own products? We experiment and innovate leveraging the latest technologies, engineer breakthrough customer experiences, and bring simplicity and humanity to banking. We make a difference for 65 million customers.

At Capital One, you'll be part of a big group of makers, breakers, doers and disruptors, who love to solve real problems and meet real customer needs. We want you to be curious and ask what if? Capital One started as an information strategy company that specialized in credit cards, and we have become one of the most impactful and disruptive players in the industry. We have grown to see ourselves as a technology company in consumer finance, with great opportunities for engineers and architects who want to build innovative applications to give users smarter ways to save, transact, borrow and invest their money, as we seek to disrupt the industry again.

What youll do:
Help develop sustainable data solutions with current and leading gen data technologies to meet the needs of our organization and business customers
Lead and develop other up and coming engineers
Actively engage in technology strategy and data architecture across our division and the Enterprise
Grasp / master new technologies rapidly as needed to progress varied initiatives
Break down complex data issues and resolve them
Build robust systems with an eye on automation and the long-term maintenance and support of the application
Work directly with the product owner and end-users to constantly deliver products in a highly collaborative and agile environment


Who you are:
Someone with a strong sense of engineering craftsmanship, and takes pride in designing work products (code, etc.)
A believer that good development includes good testing, documentation, and collaboration
A good communicator with strong reasoning skills, who can make a case for technology choices
Curious. Ask questions and desire to understand the Why to drive the How or What of a solution
Self-driven, actively looking for ways to contribute, and know how to get things done
A leader that enjoys mentoring others and helping to guide the organization to continuously improve


Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree
At least 2 years of experience leading a development team and managing other engineers
At least 4 years of Data Engineering experience with Big Data Technologies: Apache Spark, Hadoop, or Kafka
At least 3 years of microservices development experience: Python, Java or Scala
At least 2 years of experience building data pipelines, CICD pipelines, and fit for purpose data stores
At least 1 year of experience in Cloud technologies: AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Docker, Ansible, Chef or Terraform


Preferred Qualifications:
Masters Degree
6+ years of experience with Data Architecture and Design
4+ years of experience working with AWS: S3, EMR, or EC2
4+ years of experience working with data consumption patterns in SQL or Python applications
3+ years of experience working with automated build and continuous integration systems
2+ years of experience with Linux systems
2+ years of experience with NOSQL Graph Databases


At this time, Capital One will not sponsor a new applicant for employment authorization for this position.
