DUTIESANNUAL SALARY$70,156 to $102,562The salary in the Department of Water and Power is $74,040 to $91,997 and $87,487 to $108,701.NOTES:* Candidates from the eligible list are normally appointed to vacancies in the lower pay grade positions.* Annual salary is at the start of the pay range. The current salary range is subject to change. Please confirm the starting salary with the hiring department before accepting a job offer.* For information regarding reciprocity between the City of Los Angeles departments and LADWP, go to http://per.lacity.org/Reciprocity_CityDepts_and_DWP.pdf.A Systems Analyst analyzes procedures, methods and operations of computer-based information systems; designs, implements, and recommends information systems to improve the efficiency and economy of City operations; performs cost benefit and feasibility analyses related to the modification of existing computer-based information systems, the maintenance and support of information systems, or the implementation of new computer-based systems; accesses and analyzes information from automated files using high-level retrieval languages.REQUIREMENT(S)/MINIMUM QUALIFICATION(S)1. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with a major in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a major in a closely related field; or2. Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university and two years of full-time paid experience in a class at the level of Management Assistant which provides experience in:* the development, analysis, implementation or major modification of new or existing computer-based information systems or relational databases; or* performing cost benefit, feasibility and requirements analysis for a large-scale computer-based information system; or* performing system implementation and support activities including software and hardware acquisition, installation, modifications to system configuration, system and application upgrade installation; or3. Two years of full-time paid experience as a Systems Aide with the City of Los Angeles; and* Satisfactory completion of four courses, of at least three semester or four quarter units each, in Information Systems, Systems Analysis, or a closely related degree program, professional designation, or certificate program from an accredited college or university.* At least three of the courses must be from the core courses required in the program, and one course may be from either the required core courses or the prescribed elective courses of the program. A course in systems analysis and design is especially desired, but not required.PROCESS NOTES* Some positions may require a valid California driver's license. Candidates may not be eligible for appointment to these positions if their record within the last 36 months reflects three or more moving violations and/or at-fault accidents, or a conviction of a major moving violation (such as DUI).* Please note that qualifying education must be from a college or university accredited by a City of Los Angeles recognized agency. A list of approved accrediting agencies can be found at http://per.lacity.org/Accredited%20Institutions%2008-21-08.pdf.* College students within three months of meeting the education requirements indicated under Requirement #1 may file for this examination. However, they cannot be appointed until they can provide proof that the full education requirements have been met.* Applicants qualifying under Requirement #2 above must identify in the Supplemental Questions section of the application the specific projects that provide qualifying experience. The minor application, modification or use of existing systems is not considered to be qualifying experience.* Four years of full-time paid experience in any of the areas noted in Requirement #2 above may be substituted for the required degree only. The two years' experience in the areas noted is still required to fully meet Requirement #2.* Applicants qualifying under Requirement #3 above must list in the Supplemental Question section of the application the name of the school attended, course titles, number of units, completion dates, and grades. General education courses will not meet the education requirement outlined in Requirement #3. A copy of the offering institution's catalog program description and course list must be attached to the on-line application and submitted to the Personnel Department at the time of filing. Failure to submit the requested documents may result in processing delays and/or disqualification.* Applicants completing the exam process will be contacted by the Personnel Department to provide required proof of qualifying four-year degree. Applicants who wish to expedite this process may attach a copy of their qualifying degree in the Attachments section of the on-line application at the time of filing.SELECTIVE CERTIFICATIONIn accordance with Charter Section 1010 (b) and Civil Service Rule 5.31, selective certification will be used for some positions that require special skills and/or training. For such positions, only applicants possessing the specific professional certification(s) at the time of filing may be considered. Some positions will require a professional industry certification(s) in one or more of the following:* Adobe Dreamweaver CS6 ACE* Adobe Photoshop CS5 or CS6 ACE* ArcGIS Desktop Developer Associate* BMC Certified Administrator* Cisco Certified Entry Networking Technician (CCENT)* Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)* Citrix Certified Associate - Virtualization (CCA-V)* CompTIA A+* Delphi Developer Certification* Enterprise Administration Associate* Enterprise System Design Associate* Enterprise Geodata Management Associate* Enterprise Geodata Management Professional* HP Service Manager* IBM Certified Solutions Expert* IBM Certified Operator* IBM Certified Systems Administrator* JAVA SE Programmer Certification* Linux Foundation Certified System Administrator (LFCS)* Linux Foundation Certified Engineer (LFCE)* MCTS: Administering and Deploying System Center 2012 Configuration Manager* Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate (MCSA)* Microsoft Certified Solutions Developer (MCSD)* Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE)* Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA)* Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE)* Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA)* Microsoft Technology Associate: IT Infrastructure* Microsoft: Core Solutions of Microsoft SharePoint Server 2013* Microsoft: Programming in HTML5 with JavaScript and CSS3* Microsoft: Programming in C#* Microsoft: Developing ASP.NET MVC Web Applications* Microsoft: Windows Server 2008 Active Directory, Configuring* Microsoft: Windows Server 2008, Server Administrator* Microsoft: Windows 7, Configuring* Microsoft: Windows 7, Enterprise Desktop Support Technician* Microsoft: Installing and Configuring Windows 10* Microsoft: Installation, Storage, and Compute with Windows Server 2016* Microsoft: Database Fundamentals* Certified Novell Administrator (CNA)* Oracle E-Business Suite R12: E-Business Essentials* Oracle Database SQL Certified Associate* Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)* Unix System Administration* VMware Certified Associate 6 - Data Center Virtualization* VMware Certified Professional 6.5 - Data Center VirtualizationApplicants must attach a copy of the certificate(s) to the on-line application at the time of filing. The certificate(s) must be attached to the on-line application BEFORE the application is submitted. If the certificate(s) is attached AFTER the on-line application has been submitted, it will not be available to the City and applicants WILL NOT be credited with having submitted the certificate(s). Applicants who fail to submit the certificate(s) at the time of filing by not attaching it to the on-line application will not be considered for this part of selective certification.WHERE TO APPLY & APPLICATION DEADLINEApplications will only be accepted on-line on the dates listed in the "Application Deadline" section of this bulletin. When you are viewing the on-line job bulletin of your choice, simply scroll to the top of the page and select the "Apply" icon. On-line job bulletins are also available at https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/lacity.NOTE:Applicants are urged to apply early to ensure you have time to resolve any technical issues you may encounter.APPLICATION DEADLINEApplications will only be accepted on-line on the dates listed below:Filing Period 1: From 8:00 a.m. Friday, July 24, 2020 to 11:59 p.m., Thursday, August 6, 2020Filing Period 2: From 8:00 a.m. Friday, October 23, 2020 to 11:59 p.m., Thursday, November 5, 2020The examination may close without prior notice at any time after a sufficient number of applications have been received. Filing periods may change without prior notice or additional dates may be added, as needed, at a later date. For administrative purposes, filing will close periodically and reopen on the dates noted in the "Application Deadline" section of this bulletin.In accordance with Civil Service Rule 4.2, all applicants who apply may not be tested in this examination. To meet anticipated hiring needs, only a limited number of qualified applicants will be invited to participate in the weighted multiple-choice test in the following order: 1) Los Angeles City Promotional applicants who meet the minimum requirements. You must have received a regular appointment to a City position or be on a reserve list to apply for this examination as a promotional candidate; 2) Applicants currently employed by the City of Los Angeles on a part-time or exempt basis who meet the minimum requirements; 3) Remaining applicants who meet the minimum requirements in sufficient numbers to meet hiring needs based on a random sampling of those qualified candidates.SELECTION PROCESSExamination Weight: Multiple-Choice Test . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100%The examination will consist entirely of a weighted multiple-choice test administered and proctored online. In the online multiple-choice test, the following competencies may be evaluated: Analytical Ability, Interpersonal Skills, Teamwork, Written Communication, and Technology Application, including: office productivity tools and/or software; local area network (LAN) configurations and communication protocols; computer hardware and their use, networking devices, and software tools; various operating systems including their use, interoperability, capabilities, and limitations; basic principles and concepts of database design; systems development life cycle (SDLC) methodology including the associated steps and phases; cloud-based computing services and their use; disaster recovery systems, procedures, and/or best practices; Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) frameworks and methodologies; and other necessary skills, knowledge, and abilities.The multiple-choice test will be proctored and administered on-line during a single session. Candidates invited to participate in the on-line multiple-choice test will be able to take the test from a remote location (i.e., their home) using a computer with a webcam and a reliable internet connection. Candidates will receive an e-mail from the City of Los Angeles outlining the dates and specific steps on how to take the multiple-choice test on-line. Candidates who do not complete and submit the multiple-choice test on-line using a computer by the specified date and time will not be considered further in this examination. Additional test dates may be added as needed.For candidates who apply during Filing Period 1, it is anticipated that the on-line multiple-choice test will be administered between MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 2020 AND MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 2020.For candidates who apply during Filing Period 2, it is anticipated that the on-line multiple-choice test will be administered between MONDAY, DECEMBER 21, 2020 AND MONDAY, DECEMBER 28, 2020.Additional job analysis information can be obtained by going to http://per.lacity.org/index.cfm?content=jobanalyses and clicking on Competencies under Systems Analyst. Additional on-line testing information can be obtained by going to http://per.lacity.org/index.cfm?content=employmenttestingprocess. Candidates who do not have the required equipment may have the option to take the multiple-choice test onsite at a City facility.NOTE:Test dates may be postponed in order to help protect the safety of our candidates and prevent the spread of COVID-19. Candidates will receive an e-mail from the City of Los Angeles Personnel Department if the anticipated test dates are postponed.NOTES:* This examination is based on a validation study.* As a covered entity under the Fair Employment and Housing Act and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of disability and upon request, will provide reasonable accommodations to ensure equal access to its programs, services, and activities. To request a disability accommodation, please complete the Disability Accommodation Form within 14 calendar days of the submittal of the City application. The Disability Accommodation Form can be obtained at http://per.lacity.org/exams/verify_disability.pdf.* Applications are accepted subject to review to ensure that minimum qualifications are met. Candidates may be disqualified at any time if it is determined that they do not possess the minimum qualifications stated on this bulletin.* A final average score of 70% or higher is required to be placed on the eligible list.* In conjunction with Civil Service Rules, applicants who have received a regular appointment to a City position or are on a reserve list will be considered Promotional candidates while all other applicants will be considered Open candidates.* The promotional list will ordinarily be used ahead of the open competitive list. However, if open competitive candidates receive a higher score, without military credits, than the highest available promotional candidate, after adding 0.25 of a point seniority credit for each year of continuous classified City service, the Civil Service Commission, upon request of the appointing authority, may approve certification of such open competitive candidates ahead of the promotional candidates.* You may take the Systems Analyst multiple-choice test only once every 365 days.* Your name may be removed from the open competitive list after six (6) months.* Your rank on the employment list may change as scores of candidates from other administrations of the examination are merged onto one list.* In accordance with Civil Service Rule, Sec. 4.24, review periods may be combined. Candidates in the examination process may file protests as provided in Sec. 4.20, 4.22 and 4.23 as applicable and within the required time frame; however, the Personnel Department may respond to and resolve protests prior to the establishment of the eligible list.Notice:If you receive and accept an offer of employment to a regular position with the City of Los Angeles, your employee benefit coverage (including health and dental coverage as well as life insurance) will commence approximately six weeks after your original regular appointment. Not all positions in the City receive benefit coverage; you should inquire regarding the availability of employee benefits prior to accepting a position. All City employees are required to be Disaster Service Workers.THIS EXAMINATION IS TO BE GIVEN BOTH ON ANINTERDEPARTMENTAL PROMOTIONAL AND OPEN COMPETITIVE BASISThe City of Los Angeles does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, disability, creed, color, ancestry, medical condition (cancer), or Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.
