YML is a design and digital product agency. We create innovative products that export Silicon Valley to the world.
Since 2009, we have led early-stage startups and top-tier brands to “wow” their customers with best-in-class digital products and experiences. Our work has created category leaders in retail (The Home Depot) and insurance (State Farm), as well as laid the digital foundation for the next generation of Fortune 500 companies (Credit Karma, PayPal, Mercari and more).

Our bread and butter is in digital products, prototypes, customer experience, service design, and moment mapping. Our work has been recognized by Steve Jobs (ya, that Steve Jobs) and featured by TED Talks, in The Wall Street Journal (“YML is one of the most innovative companies in Silicon Valley”), Forbes, Ad Age, ABC, CNBC and more. We are not a marketing agency. No campaigns. No media buying.
We create products and experiences that make a lasting impact, ranging from Molekule (the 2016 Time Invention of the Year) to Universal Music Artists (now a Webby award-winning app) to building the future of Google’s AI with Tensorflow (really).
We started as a team of two, now we’re 250 strong. We have six offices on three continents and are headquartered in Silicon Valley.
Portfolio of our work can be found @ ymedialabs.com/work
Live look into our engineering team @ medium.com/ymedialabs-innovation
Live look into our design team @ dribbble.com/ymedialabs
Our quality assurance group drives a product quality that will delight our clients and their consumers. Working in collaboration with our engineering, design and project/product management teams, you will test software that solves real-world problems. You are a passionate advocate for software quality, its role in our society and its relationship to technology. You possess outstanding quality assurance skills, and a solid understanding of contemporary tools and testing methodologies.
Core Responsibilities:
Collaborate with a team of QA engineers to develop, edit, maintain and mentor automation scripts
Define and communicate the accurate mobile and web test strategy to provide qualitative and quantitative status/defect reports in a timely fashion
Perform mobile and web test task estimation, test execution, regression testing, and functional system testing
Track and analyze test results, while working closely with engineers to isolate and reproduce defects
Complete assigned tasks in a timely manner within project constraints
Cultivate a collaborative working environment and a culture of ownership with a growing team
Experience:

5 years minimum overall experience in Quality Assurance testing with 2 years minimum specializing in professional native iOS / Android / wearables / web testing
Automation: UI Automation for Android & iOS, Appium, Selenium, JUnit, JMeter, and Monkey Runner
Languages: Java, JavaScript, Ruby, Shell Scripting
Databases: SQL and MONGO
Solid experience detecting and correcting memory usage issues, as well as optimizing code for application performance
Proven experience in building and designing test cases, strong analytical & problem solving, documentation, and communication skills
Detailed knowledge of build process and submission of applications to the Apple Store and Google Marketplace
Provide strong technical guidance to project team members so that their abilities and the overall project quality are enhanced
Ability to function effectively and communicate with cross-functional teams: Design, Project/Product Management, Quality Assurance, Strategy, Data Science, Innovations Team, Marketing, Talent Acquisition, etc, and manage continuously changing business needs
Ideal Mindset:

Quality Pioneer — you are both a quality advocate and a team player
Resourceful — you are a go-getter that leads by example, believes in searching for answers and is an endless problem solver
Clear — you provide clear and actionable direction to your team and clients
Honesty — Honesty and Integrity are key values for you personally, and you bring them to the workplace every day
Collaborative — a dynamic team player, you are proactive about soliciting and giving feedback, and you are not afraid to push back when you need to defend the team
Passionate — You love quality engineering, design and technology and the role it has in the shaping future
