About Netskope
Today, there's more data and users outside the enterprise than inside, causing the network perimeter as we know it to dissolve. We realized a new perimeter was needed, one that is built in the cloud and follows and protects data wherever it goes, so we started Netskope to redefine Cloud, Network and Data Security.

Since 2012, we have built the market-leading cloud security company and an award-winning culture powered by hundreds of employees spread across offices in Santa Clara, San Francisco, Seattle, Bangalore, London, Melbourne, and Tokyo. Our core values are openness, honesty, and transparency, and we purposely developed our open desk layouts and large meeting spaces to support and promote partnerships, collaboration, and teamwork. From catered lunches and office celebrations to employee recognition events and social professional groups such as the Awesome Women of Netskope (AWON), we strive to keep work fun, supportive and interactive.Visit us at netskope.com/company/careers and follow us on Twitter @Netskope and Facebook.

Software Engineer, Machine Learning

Within Netskope Engineering, Security Services organization is responsible for building core security products and features, such as Advanced Threat Protection, Data Loss Prevention, User and Entity Behavior Analytics and Secure Web Gateway. We apply Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies across Netskope cloud security platform. We are looking for talented software engineers to join a newly created data science team. A successful candidate has deep technical expertise in productizing AI/ML technologies in security applications and/or adjacent domains, ideally has been through the entire lifecycle of an award winning AI/ML-driven product, and must be passionate about cloud security. You will have the opportunity to work with a team of talented engineers, researchers and data scientists to solve the most challenging cloud security problems.

Responsibilities:
Design, train, test, productize and deploy machine learning models, writing production-level code and assuming end-to-end ownership of successful ML use case implementation with excellent scalability and performance;
Work closely with data scientists, fellow ML engineers, and product management team to ensure our solutions deliver continuous values to end customers;
Document use case, data acquisition, feature engineering, training, validation, deployment, future improvement opportunity and other important aspects;
Be an evangelist of AI/ML within Netskope. Promote AI/ML wherever applicable, beyond security use cases;
Collaborate with data analytics team to define new platform requirements and continuously improve our horizontally scalable data lake.
Qualifications/Requirements:
First of all, must have true startup spirit. Be willing to wear multiple hats and deliver end-to-end;
Ability to think out-of-box and evaluating results based on customer value;
5+ years of industry experience in applying AI/ML, preferably on well-known security products or services, such as malware detection, anomaly detection, security analytics and data security. Note we are open to all experience levels;
Experience implementing highly efficient AI/ML applications, making best use of modern parallel computing environment such as distributed clusters and GPU;
Experience applying AI/ML in more than one domains highly desirable;
Hands-on experience with relevant technology stacks such as CUDA, Python, R, Spark, Flink, Tensorflow;
Energetic self-starter, with the desire to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment;
Excellent verbal and written communication skills;
Ability to influence without authority;
MS or PhD in Computer Science or equivalent technical degree.
#LI-SD1
