Data Works is an employee-focused technology company that supports the Intelligence Community by providing Big Data solutions including data transformation, advanced analytics, custom web application development, data architecture, data science, cloud and systems engineering solutions. We favor a high-quality workforce over aggressive growth and provide opportunities on programs that fill mission-critical needs. Due to our emphasis on employee engagement and development, we’ve been named a Great Place to Work by Washingtonian Magazine (2015-2019). Positions are available in various customer locations in Virginia between McLean and Dulles.

The data scientist will use a diverse range of data-focused skills and experience, both technical and analytical. Possesses a strong desire and capability for problem solving, data analysis and troubleshooting, analytical thinking, and experimentation.

Work with large, complex, and disparate data sets
Design and implement innovative ways to analyze and exploit the customer's data holdings
Research and report on a wide variety of customer's inquiries
Raise proactive inquiries based on observations and proposed data analysis/exploitation
Solve difficult, non-routine problems by applying advanced analytical methodologies, and improving analytic methodologies
Develop custom searches
Communicate and coordinate with internal and external partners as needed

Thorough knowledge of analytic tools and methodologies such as probability and statistics, formal modeling, computational social sciences, computer science, machine learning and/or scientific computing.
Ability to code or script in one or more programming/scripting languages
Understanding and use of algorithms such as classification, regression, clustering, and anomaly detection
Knowledge of relational databases and/or non-relational data stores, including RDBMS and large-scale distributed systems (e.g. Hadoop)
Demonstrated ability to use technical and analytic skills to solve complex investigative problems
Demonstrated effectiveness in collecting information and accurately representing/visualizing it to non-technical third parties
Active TS/SCI with polygraph required

Expertise with statistical data analysis (e.g. linear models, multivariate analysis, stochastic models, sampling methods)

6 weeks PTO
10% Employer 401k Contribution
Paid Overtime
Annual Bonuses
Health/Vision/Dental/Disability/Life Insurance covered 100%
Annual Training and Tuition Budgets
Technology/Fitness/Communications/Travel Reimbursement
Charity Matching Program

Data Works, an E3/Sentinel Company, is an equal opportunity employer and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) federal contractor. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. E3/Sentinel hires and promotes individuals solely on the basis of their qualifications for the job to be filled.
