CAREERS

Data Engineer – Sunnyvale, CA

Sunnyvale, CA
JOB DESCRIPTION

As a Data Engineer with Tredence, you will demonstrate ability to transform business requirements to code, specific analytical reports and tools. You will also provide business insights, while leveraging internal tools and systems, databases and industry data.
THE IDEAL CANDIDATE WILL

Very Strong engineering skills. Should have an analytical approach and have good programming skills.
Provide business insights, while leveraging internal tools and systems, databases and industry data
Minimum of 5+ years’ experience. Experience in retail business will be a plus.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for varied audiences on engineering subject matter
Ability to document requirements, data lineage, subject matter in both business and technical terminology.
Guide and learn from other team members.
Demonstrated ability to transform business requirements to code, specific analytical reports and tools
This role will involve coding, analytical modeling, root cause analysis, investigation, debugging, testing and collaboration with the business partners, product managers other engineering team.
Must Have
Strong analytical background
Self-starter
Must be able to reach out to others and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Strong background in transforming big data into business insights
ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA

Technical Requirements
Knowledge/experience on Teradata Physical Design and Implementation, Teradata SQL Performance Optimization
Experience with Teradata Tools and Utilities (FastLoad, MultiLoad, BTEQ, FastExport)
Advanced SQL (preferably Teradata)
Experience working with large data sets, experience working with distributed computing (MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Apache Spark, etc.).
Strong Hadoop scripting skills to process petabytes of data
Experience in Unix/Linux shell scripting or similar programming/scripting knowledge
Experience in ETL/ processes
Real time data ingestion (Kafka)
Nice to Have
Development experience with Java, Scala, Flume, Python
Cassandra
Automic scheduler
R/R studio, SAS experience a plus
Presto
Hbase
Tableau or similar reporting/dash boarding tool
Modeling and Data Science background
Retail industry background
Education

BS degree in specific technical fields like computer science, math, statistics preferred
Send your CV to careers@tredence.com
