Remote for now until covid restrictions are lifted Job Description Design and build data models to conform to our existing EDW architecture. Change control documentation Design and build data pipelines using tools - SAP SLT, SAP Data Services, Python and Microsoft SSIS. Design and development of data warehouse using T-SQL, SQL, and python Work with teams to deliver effective, high-value reporting solutions by leveraging an established delivery methodology. Implement data structures using best practices in data modeling, processes, and technologies. Design and development of data warehouse using Microsoft SQL Server, SAP HANA and Snowflake databases. Writing analytics programs (transformationscalculations) in T-SQL,R, Python or comparable Perform data mining and analysis to uncover trends and correlations to develop insights that can materially improve our decisions. Development with one or more data visualizationreporting tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Hana Analytics, Microsoft PowerBI) Work with various product owners to ensure applications are instrumented with proper tracking mechanisms to enable analytics. Continually recommend, develop, and implement process improvements and tools to collect and analyze data, and visualizepresent insights Skills Qualifications Bachelorrsquos degree in Business, MIS or related area. Masterrsquos degree a plus. 8+ years Data engineering experience Has worked on 5-6 data source projects at a time Python experience preferred 3+ years of experience in ETL development tools, preferably with knowledge of Microsoft Integration Services 2005 or greater (SSIS), SAP Data Services, SAP SLT and Python. SQL developer background is also accepted Documentation skills and can to handle heavy documentation Able to be versatile Able to read and understand codes and can make adjustment to parameters 5+ years of experience in design and development using Microsoft SQL Server, SAP HANA and Snowflake databases. Experience in full life cycle development, implementation, management and performance tuning of the Enterprise Data Warehouse Experience in database development (T-SQL, PLSQL, andor SQL scripts) Experience in building data pipelines using python, C and JSON Experience in Microsoft BI development in Integration Services (SSIS), Analysis Services (SSAS) or Reporting Services (SSRS) Experience building and managing data flows to and from cloud applications Demonstrated experience in utilizing R, Python, SPSS or comparable to develop analyses Experience visualizing data in business intelligence tools such as Tableau, Business Objects or Hana Analytics
