Data Engineer

Location: Bay Area , California

And who better than you to join the Trianz family?

At Trianz, we offer you an open and learning-oriented culture essential to emerge as a leader. Completely focused on the Digital Evolution philosophy and phenomenon, we view delivering our value proposition consistently as a non-negotiable commitment. Our enablers include Intelligent Team Formations, a Client-Centric Approach, Predictability in Execution, and establishing a Unique Relationship Experience. A culture of innovation, encouraging our people to create, and belief in the importance of training and development set us apart.

We are looking forward to see you bring the following to the table to craft your, and our, success story:

Location: San Jose, San Francisco, Santa Clara, Austin, TX

Terms: Full-time

Data Engineer

About the Role

Trianz is looking for passionate Data Engineers who are looking to tackle challenges and build solutions

Job Description

Strong data engineer able to:
Create and maintain optimal data pipeline architecture,
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements,
Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources,
Work with stakeholders including Product, Data and Design teams to assist with data-related technical issues and support their data infrastructure needs,
Experience building and optimizing data pipelines, architectures and data sets,
A successful history of manipulating, processing and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
A plus:
Experience in creating reports and dashboards in Tableau.
Technologies we use:

Dataswarm (data pipeline framework in Python), Hive, Presto, Python, Scuba (in-memory database), SQL, Oracle, Tableau

Your passion for execution and zeal to become a leader capable of taking on anything is enough reason for us to talk immediately!

Need more details?

Trianz is growing at a faster pace than the industry for the last five years. Read through some of the key industry recognitions we have received for our innovative execution and strategic client initiatives here.

About Trianz

Trianz simplifies digital evolutions through effective strategies and excellence in execution. Collaborating with business and technology leaders, we help formulate and execute operational strategies to achieve intended business outcomes by bringing the best of consulting, technology experiences and execution models. Powered by knowledge, research, and perspectives, we enable clients to transition to a digital enterprise by leveraging Cloud, Analytics, Digital, Infrastructure and Security paradigms. With offices in Silicon Valley, Washington DC Metro, Rosemont, Chicago, Austin, Boston, Denver, Irvine, Raleigh, San Francisco, Seattle, New York, Dubai, Bengaluru, Hyderabad and Chennai, we serve Fortune 1000 and emerging organizations across industries globally. For more information, visit www.trianz.com.

Trianz is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, gender, religion, disability, age, political affiliation or belief, disabled veteran, veteran of the Vietnam Era, or citizenship status (except in those special circumstances permitted or mandated by law).

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
relevant: 3 years (Preferred)
