The Business Entity


We are a part of Emerging Technologies and Incubation Group passionate about identifying breakthrough emerging solutions that build new markets and businesses for Cisco. We incubate these new opportunities in partnership with our business groups, partners and other startups. The team also continues progress Cisco’s meaningful work with Standards bodies and manage research partnerships with leading-edge Universities.

What You'll Do


We are looking for a hardworking and hands-on PC Application Software Engineer to join us on the sprint that takes us from prototype to product. You will be an integral part of the team, joining us at the earliest stage of the journey and responsible for designing, developing and testing new features for a completely new product. The right candidate thrives in multifaceted environments and can be counted on when the going gets tough. The ideal candidate is also a great communicator with terrific follow-through who can optimize on workflow and/or document changes concisely. This role is critical to the daily acquisition of customers and their retention.

Responsibilities include:
Develop native Windows and MacOS applications including UI frontend and backend
Work in an agile development environment, participating in code and architecture reviews and guide the team on Windows and MacOS development
Perform threat analysis and trust modeling, and validate system and protocol design and development
Define solutions, provide estimates on effort and risk, and evaluate technical feasibility
Developed native applications should be robust and friendly to OS system security patching, OS upgrades, troubleshooting problems while maintaining and ensuring maximum availability
Our minimum requirements for this role:

MSEE/CS combined with 3-5 years of related experience or BSEE/CS combined with 6+ years of related experience.
Linux administration knowledge and experience
Solid background in software design, end-user operating systems, desktop and network troubleshooting skills, and excellent written and verbal communications.
Proven track record developing native applications for Windows and MacOS
Strong C/C++ programming skills
Experience with REST APIs
Understanding of networking fundamentals and protocols including IPv4 and IPv6, TCP, and UDP.
Knowledge of network security concepts such as Encryption, Key Negotiation, and Certificates/PKI, and network security protocols including TLS, IKE/IPSec
Experience with desktop software development on Windows and/or MacOS, and desire to additionally work on mobile platforms including Apple iOS and Android
Our Desired Skills are:

Ability to think and operate as a team player
Experience in OS patching
Experience in OS security
Experience in Bluetooth System
Extremely good interpersonal and communication skills (written and verbal)
Able to learn complex technologies quickly, work in a fast-paced, team-driven environment
Must be able to multi-task, manage details and keep sight of overall objectives
Identity management experience
Mobile devices experience
Expert in Browser plugins
**Please include a link to your portfolio**


Why Cisco


At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.
We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.
We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.
We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.
Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco

*LI-PC1

ETI
