Atlassian is continuing to hire with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually due to COVID-19. Everyone new to the team, along with our current staff, will temporarily work from home until it is safe to return to our offices.

Atlassian Site Reliability Engineering is a rapidly growing group within the organization. We are in the process of building our teams, tools and systems as part of Atlassian's mission to build the best SaaS services in the world. This is a truly exciting team to join - we are currently or are planning to be involved with every technical team across Atlassian.
We enable Atlassian to go fast by providing real-time feedback on production systems. We work side by side with the product family and platform developers to maintain and improve services and performance. We live the company values with a strong customer focus and possess a healthy sense of urgency. We are a heavily data-driven team, utilising a variety of data collection, enrichment, analytics and visualisations to learn about our complex systems.
We're looking for a difference maker - an engineer with need to take data, turn it into insights, and follow these insights up until they turn into concrete action. If you like mastering a domain and going deep, this role is for you.
We value having a proven focus on sharing learning experiences. If you can prioritize three tasks and coordinate multiple people in the heat of an incident, we need you. If you love the benefits of process and methodical improvement, you will love it here. If you want to keep your head down, headphones on and bash out code to support the team, we have a spot for you too.
If you're a great developer with an inclination towards data analysis and data-based decision making, or a star business analyst / product manager / data scientist with skills in data analysis and at least some scripting and coding chops, then we should talk.
On your first day, we'll expect you to have:
Work with our seriously large volume of data to understand trends and behaviours
Investigate and establish funnel and experience metrics to validate the quality of our releases and features
Programming skills (e.g. Python, JavaScript and Java. Python, etc).
Proficiency in SQL and understanding of database/data warehousing concepts
Strong critical thinking, communication and collaboration skills
Spread the love of the measure - build - measure - learn cycle within Atlassian
Organized, passionate about the details, and a self starter
It's great, but not required, if you have:
Knowledge and experience of reporting and BI tools (e.g. Tableau, R, SAS, etc)
Hands-on forecasting and financial modeling skills in Excel, with experience in SaaS/recurring/subscription revenue models
Experience working on Amazon Web Services (in particular using EMR, Kinesis, RDS and the like).
More about our benefits

Whether you work in an office or a distributed team, Atlassian is highly collaborative and yes, fun! To support you at work (and play) we offer some fantastic perks: ample time off to relax and recharge, flexible working options, five paid volunteer days a year for your favourite cause, an annual allowance to support your learning & growth, unique ShipIt days, a company paid trip after five years and lots more.

More about Atlassian

Creating software that empowers everyone from small startups to the who’s who of tech is why we’re here. We build tools like Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, and Trello to help teams across the world become more nimble, creative, and aligned—collaboration is the heart of every product we dream of at Atlassian. From Amsterdam and Austin, to Sydney and San Francisco, we’re looking for people who want to write the future and who believe that we can accomplish so much more together than apart. At Atlassian, we’re committed to an environment where everyone has the autonomy and freedom to thrive, as well as the support of like-minded colleagues who are motivated by a common goal to: Unleash the potential of every team.

Additional Information

We believe that the unique contributions of all Atlassians is the driver of our success. To make sure that our products and culture continue to incorporate everyone's perspectives and experience we never discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, or marital, veteran, or disability status.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
