Position Title
Software Engineer, Cloud

08-May-2020

Business Group
Architecture and Software

No. of Positions
1

Requisition Number
91906BR

Job Category
Software and Engineering

Position Type
Full Time

Relocation Eligible
No

Position Summary
Summary
Rockwell Automation is doing things never before possible. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to make the world more intelligent, more connected and more productive.

We help the world work better and people work smarter and are looking for bright minds to make that happen. The makers, the forward thinkers, the problem solvers. That’s where you come in.

As a cloud-based Software Engineer for Rockwell Automation, you will have the opportunity to design and develop industry-leading commercial software and applications for the cloud, known for its innovation and usability. You will also be responsible for performing software testing tasks including, but not limited to, test development, planning, scheduling, and execution. Experience with Azure is preferred, but experience with other platforms such as AWS or Google are also valued. This position will allow you to collaborate with multiple global cross-functional teams and cloud-based partners.

In this position, you will be highly involved in subsystem design, implementation, and testing, working very closely with the support of our senior engineers. You will play an active role in all the stages of the development lifecycle and support your team throughout the process. You will also help ensure that developed products meet requirements and are within total quality management standards. This position will allow you to collaborate with multiple global cross-functional teams.

When you join our software engineering group, you become part of a team that believes in knowledge sharing and collaboration and that is committed to using reliable and well-thought-out engineering practices and technology to overcome any challenges.

We are looking for someone who will effectively leverage and learn from a diverse set of technical backgrounds and opinions by fostering a team-oriented environment and the use of open and direct communications, honesty and respect. The ideal candidate will also actively seek knowledge of new developments in the software engineering, computer engineering, and test automation fields and will identify and pursue career development and training opportunities.

This role reports to the Development Lead and is located in the US, preferably San Jose, CA or Mayfield Heights, OH.

What you will do
Develops subsystem designs by understanding and adhering to the software subsystem requirements.
Establishes a timeline for the design and is able to track and report the progress. Considers tradeoffs between requirements, speed, cost and reliability in the choice of a design approach.
Develops and documents code that meets the requirements of the software design.
Develops and executes thorough unit test plans. Reports, analyzes, debugs and corrects anomalies. Takes the lead in the integration of other components to produce a final product.
Participates in reviews of documents, designs, code, test cases and user documentation.
Utilizes automated test tools and methods to ensure full functional coverage is attained.
Performs routine product testing utilizing existing test collateral and test cases. Responsible for reporting any issues identified and documenting test results for follow-up.
Builds relationships and interacts with peers to ensure assigned tasks are prioritized appropriately.
Actively seeks knowledge of new developments in the software engineering, computer engineering, and software testing fields.
Identifies software development capability improvements in the areas of software development practices, development tools, and test automation. May present ideas to the team for consideration.
Thinks outside the box and is willing to research and explore new avenues to overcome obstacles by utilizing the latest technologies and standards.
Qualifications
Basic qualifications
Bachelor's degree
Legal authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening.
Preferred qualifications
Typically requires a minimum of 8 years of related experience.
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent engineering degree
At least 4 years of experience in a software product development environment
Knowledge of C++, C#, Python, Java, NodeJS or other relevant programming languages
Experience with cloud services like AWS or Microsoft Azure.
Knowledge of data structures and algorithms.
Knowledge of object-oriented design programming
Good interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills
Legal authorization to work in the US is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job opening
Basic understanding of design patterns
Basic understanding of COM, MFC, WPF, .NET, or equivalent technologies
Knowledge of software test methodologies and automated test tools
Python programming experience
Web-based development experience
Familiarity with dev-ops software development methods.
Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, testing, and operations.
Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and management to collect requirements, describe software product features, and technical designs.
Who we are
We are a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, we employ approximately 23,000 problem solvers dedicated to our customers in more than 100 countries.

#LI-MB1

#Sponsored

Country(s)
United States

EEO Statement
Rockwell Automation is an Equal Opportunity Employer including disability and veterans.

If you are an individual with a disability and you need assistance or reasonable accommodation during the application process, please contact our services team at +1 (844) 404-7427.

Company Overview
Rockwell Automation, Inc. (NYSE: ROK), is a global leader in industrial automation and digital transformation. We connect the imaginations of people with the potential of technology to expand what is humanly possible, making the world more productive and more sustainable. Headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Rockwell Automation employs approximately 23,000 problem solvers dedicated to our customers in more than 100 countries. To learn more about how we are bringing The Connected Enterprise to life across industrial enterprises, visit www.rockwellautomation.com.

Work State/City
San Jose - California
