Mercari is the selling app. We make it super easy to sell (or buy) almost anything. We all have things we don't use, never used or simply outgrew. But that stuff still has value. Mercari gives you the power to simply sell it, ship it, and earn some cash for it. Fashion to toys. Sporting goods to electronics. All the brands you know and love. Our mission is simple: to make selling easier than buying. And with 45M+ downloads in the U.S. and 225k new listings every day, we're just getting started.

We are aggressively growing our Backend team to develop large-scale systems with the latest technology.

What you'll be doing:
Coding in Go and PHP
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain, and improve the backend system for our product
Design distributed systems with microservices architecture running on Kubernetes
Work with Product Managers and Designers for the design and specification of our product
Collaborate with iOS, Android, Web, Machine Learning, and Data engineers to develop new features on our product
Collaborate with QA Engineers to test and deliver the feature with high-quality and high-speed
Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges
Write and maintain technical documentation
Manage own project requirements, deadlines, and qualities
Mentor software engineers in the same team or project
Requirements:
6+ years of experience in software engineering
Full-time working experience as software engineer with consumer applications
Excellent knowledge of data structures and algorithms
Experience with developing complex software systems scaling to millions of users with production quality deployment, monitoring, and reliability
Experience designing, developing, and managing microservices
Knowledge of software testing and the ability to write testable code and proper tests
An insatiable desire and ability to learn with a positive attitude
Ability to collaborate with team members including Product Managers, Data Scientists, Designer, Engineers, and QA Engineers to solve complex business problems
Ability to mentor engineers in an open, respectful, flexible, and empathetic manner
Nice-to-haves:
Deep knowledge of Go or PHP
Proficient computer science background such as a bachelor's, master's, or Ph.D. degree
Strong knowledge of container and orchestration technologies like Docker and Kubernetes
Experience working on cloud infrastructures like GCP or AWS
Technologies We Use:
Databases: Cloud Spanner & MySQL
Programming Language: Go & PHP
Containers & Orchestration: Docker, Kubernetes
Web Services & Hosting: Google Cloud Platform (GCP) & Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Perks:
Competitive medical, dental, and vision insurance options
401k match
Life & disability insurance
Employee Assistance Program
New parent paid leave
Rocket Lawyer legal services
Fond perks and rewards
Commuter reimbursement
Time when you need it - flexible vacation days
Catered lunches everyday
Team outings and events
