THE COMPANYB-Stock is the world's largest online marketplace for returned, excess, and other liquidation merchandise. Our customers range from SMB to the world's largest brands and retailers (including nine of the top 10 U.S. retailers). Led by eBay veterans, B-Stock completes over 175,000 transactions per year, selling 90 million items annually, making us a clear leader in the space.The amount of inventory that is returned or unsold each year is growing very rapidly; in 2018, the value of this merchandise was estimated at $500 billion. Much of it ends up being liquidated for pennies on the dollar; some of it is even destroyed or landfilled. We believe there is tremendous value in and demand for this inventory - no matter the category, condition, or location. The B-Stock platform gives buyers a simple and direct way to buy valuable products, and offers sellers a trusted replacement for traditional liquidation and a critical boost in operational efficiency.Backed by top investors including Spectrum Equity, True Ventures, and Susquehanna Growth Equity, B-Stock runs lean, fast, and shows no signs of slowing down. Our core values (teamwork, honesty, humor, and the passion to build something great) have shaped the company we are today and will certainly drive our success for many years to come.For more information, visit www.bstock.com/careers/JOB SUMMARYB-Stock is looking for a Data Engineer to help design, build, scale and maintain the next generation of the company's SaaS infrastructure. You will partner closely with cross-functional teams, including Data Science, Engineering, and Product / Business Technology, to build data infrastructure, processes, and tooling.ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* Manage and optimize core data infrastructure* Build monitoring infrastructure to give visibility into the pipeline's status* Monitor all jobs for impact on cluster performance* Run maintenance routines regularly* Tune table schemas (i.e. partitions, compression, distribution) to minimize costs and maximize performance* Develop custom data infrastructure not available off-the-shelf* Build and maintain custom ingestion pipelines* Support data team resources with design and performance optimization* Build non-SQL transformation pipelinesMINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS, JOB SKILLS, AND ABILITIESEDUCATION:* Bachelor's degree in a technical and/or quantitative field of study-e.g., computer science, math, physics or statistics, or equivalent and/or appropriate experienceEXPERIENCE:* 3+ years of experience working with distributed data technologies* Experience working with server-side concepts such as containers, micro-services, caching, performance monitoring, and API design* Experience with cloud technologies such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud* Experience using Python, preferred* Experience with databases such as MySQL, and PostgreSQL, preferred* Experience with highly scalable ETL/ELT/Data Lake technologies, nice to haveOUR VALUESBe honest. We do the right thing because it's right.Have passion for building something great. We empower employees to "think like an owner" so we dare to try. Let's find new ways to grow B-Stock together.Humor. Take whatever you are doing very seriously but do not take yourself too seriously.Teamwork. Our successes are achieved because we work in stride, leveraging each other's strengths as a unified effort.Respect. We show consideration for each other and recognize the power in our diversity.EMPLOYEE BENEFITS* Competitive compensation packages, including bonus and options* Medical, dental, and vision benefits* Paid Time Off & matching 401(k)* Support for continuing education* Team off-sites, social events and extracurricular activities are a staple* Snacks, drinks, and the occasional box of donutsNo applicant will face discrimination/harassment based on: race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, age, gender, marital domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, or veteran status. Above and beyond discrimination/harassment based on "protected categories," B-Stock also strives to prevent other, subtler forms of inappropriate behavior (e.g., stereotyping) from ever gaining a foothold in our office. Whether blatant or hidden, barriers to success have no place at B-Stock.US Work Authorization required.
