About Sysco LABS

Sysco LABS is a technology-focused division within Sysco, dedicated to reimagining foodservice through innovation. An extension of Syscos commitment to deliver exceptional products and services to the foodservice industry, Sysco LABS uses customer and market intelligence, data-driven insights and agile technology development to rethink the entire foodservice ecosystem.

Our innovation will improve everything from the ordering process, inventory, pricing and automation to the in-restaurant customer experience. Operating with the mindset of a startup and backed by the authoritative expertise of an industry leader, Sysco LABS mission is to improve the Sysco customer experience and consistently deliver cost savings and new innovations through technology.

About the Role

As a Search Engineer at SyscoLabs, you will design and implement the search experience for Sysco customers. Collaboration with product, design, and fellow team members will drive your success. You will have a passion for search, user-experience, and best practices in this domain. This role requires excellence in designing and implementing high-performance and scalable software. Search will be a critical and highly-visible component of Syscos digital customer products. This is an opportunity to start at the ground floor to develop the future of Syscos customer experience.

What youll bring to the table:
3+ years of experience as a software developer working on search related functions
Extensive experience in Elastic Search
Deep knowledge of search solutions and capabilities
Conceive of and implement new features and ranking changes to improve search and ultimately help users find what they want
Continually improve/enhance search quality and web search infrastructure and performance
Experience defining application architectures and developing ETL operations to load data into catalogs/indices
Proficiency in search architectures enabling fault tolerance and search index design across multiple catalogs
Perform analysis of data and metrics relevant to the search engine
Experience working within the AWS Ecosystem
Perks at Sysco LABS:
Competitive base & bonus packages
Fun, casual, fast-paced work environment filled with talented colleagues
Generous PTO policy
Flexible work environment that encourages work/life balance
Fully stocked break room & weekly catered lunch
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits and company 401(k) program
We embrace diversity and equal opportunity in a serious way. We are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be.
