Posted: Apr 14, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200164246
Are you ready to apply your to real-world problems? Are you passionate about applying your data skills in a real-world tech environment?

Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it. Apple’s Strategic Data Services (SDS) team is responsible for mitigating fraud, waste and abuse company-wide while optimizing and empowering our customers and internal partners.

SDS Data Science Engineering is building an environment to enable ground breaking data analysis over Petabytes of data. We work side-by-side with data scientists and implement scalable, easy-to-use systems and tools. We are seeking a customer-focused, passionate and driven Data Science Engineer with experience in building analytic tools and solutions.

This position is based in Austin, TX.
Key Qualifications
Mastery of one of Python, Java, Scala, C++ or equivalent language
Experience with Relational databases and NoSQL databases
Demonstrated understanding of the full software development lifecycle
Excellent problem solving, critical thinking, and communication skills
Solid grasp of computer science fundamentals including data structures and algorithms
Solid ability to evaluate and apply new technologies in a short time
Self-motivated, proactive, and solution-oriented
Description
With the expansive data we have, our job is to build meaningful data relationships and engagement experiences for our internal customers. If you’re interested in being a part of a team that’s constantly learning and problem-solving, we’d love to talk with you. As a Data Science Engineer on the SDS team, you will work closely with Data Scientists and other Data Science Engineers to lead the design and implementation of systems and tools to support the fraud prevention efforts of SDS.

You will be:
• Developing and implementing production software for preventing fraud
• Responsible for system architecture design
• Working with external infrastructure teams to drive the development of infrastructure needs
• Innovating by recognizing opportunities for automation and tools improvements
• Responsible for developing and implementing process improvements to bring efficiency and stability to fraud analytics
• Responsible for technical leadership for a team of data scientists
• Lead the team to increase the level of maturity and skill in analytical software development
• Responsible for release engineering
Education & Experience
Education & Experience
• Ph.D. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Operations Research or related field; or
Ph.D. in Math, Engineering, Economics, or hard science with data science fellowship; or
• M.S. in related field with 3+ years experience applying data science to real business problems

Python
Java
Scala
Computer Science
SDLC
Algorithms
