Backend Platform Engineer

Development

AffiniPay is looking for Backend Platform Engineers to help us build our next generation payment platform. As a Backend Platform Engineer, you are someone who really wants to make a difference and have a direct impact on the companys business. You will work alongside a team of software engineers focused on delivering secure, high performance, and highly scalable REST services supporting professional practices nationwide.

Responsibilities:

Continuously deliver high-quality, usable features for an array of both internal and external consumers in a timely manner
Owning the design and implementation of platform features within our Scala/Java service stack
Developing client- and server-side infrastructure for platform access from web and server integrations
Working to improve processes and technologies
Iterating on new and existing features to improve usability, performance, and security
Deploying and managing platform services within AWS
Coordinating design and implementation features both within and across teams
Holds team accountable for proper design and quality of features produced and is results oriented
Requirements:

BS in Computer Science or Engineering
Experience with professional backend software development
Proficient in Java or Scala
Knowledgeable in MySQL, PostgreSQL, or Oracle DB environments and ORM frameworks
Familiar with distributed programming techniques
Experienced implementing and debugging large scale solutions in cloud-based environments
Familiar with Linux environments
Experienced with security-related development practices, cross-domain API access, big data processing frameworks, and additional programming languages/frameworks (Rails, Node, Scala) are a plus
About AffiniPay

With over a decade of experience as a leader in financial technology, our AffiniPay development team has built a proprietary, end-to-end payment system that is used by tens of thousands of professionals and organizations across a variety of industries. Our robust platform is driving professional practices forward and improving the way that professionals get paid. Additionally, this platform was specifically developed to provide flexible payment integration options for developers in other industries to help them create custom payment solutions, and has been integrated into dozens of software products. We are facing interesting and unique problems as we look to change the professional payment industry.

Affini-Perks! We've got you covered...

Competitive compensation structure
401K with automatic 5% company contribution
100% paid medical, dental, and vision benefit plans
100% Company paid short- and long-term disability and life insurance
Open PTO plan
Paid maternity/paternity leave
Fun offsite quarterly meetings
AffiniPay Swag Package
Company lunches and fully stocked kitchen
All the benefits of a startup culture without the downsides
The chance to get in on the ground floor of one of Austin's fastest growing companies!

AffiniPay is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.
