Position Data Engineer We are seeking a Data Engineer with strong data analysis skills performing data profiling, quality checks, writing SQL and Python scripts for data movement ie ETL. This position is a consulting position with our client. The best candidate will be someone that can understand data issues, perform profiling and analysis using SQL and stored procedures.This is mostly a back end data position but does require some interaction with business users. Most of the work will be performed remotely. Qualifications Minimum six (6) years experience writing SQL code preferable SQL Server or MySQL. Knowledge with Python is required. Ability to work with business users and management to understand the business need for data exploration, data quality and profiling. Experience working with relational databases, data modeling and writing ETL scripts to move data from source systems to an Enterprise Datawarehouse. Understanding of Data Warehousing concepts and experience in creating data warehouse schemas with Kimball methodology. Knowledge working with data in the cloud (AWS) desired. Solid understanding of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) and versionsource control disciplines. Be able to work effectively in an Agile Project Development team Must be able to define functional and technical docs based on data availability, quality and profiling on source data systems. The ability to work effectively within a team environment Understand complex logic and solve data issues by coming up with sound technical solutions. Soft Skills The ability to work effectively with minimal direction and supervision. To think creativity and come up with solutions that improve process and efficiencies. Ability to understand existing process and requirements. Understand complex logic and solve data issues by coming up with sound technical solutions. Must have solid written and oral communication skills. Can prepare and maintain technical documentation. Education Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Finance or Data Analytics preferred. SQL andor Python related certifications preferred Work references will be requested. Must be authorized to work in the U.S.
