Are you an ERCOT Employee? If so please log in to Workday to apply.

ERCOT’s Engineer Development Program (EDP) is a 12-16 month program designed to provide entry-level engineers with the skills necessary to quickly become productive and successful power engineers. This position will start in Spring 2020. During the program, EDP engineers are based in ERCOT’s modeling groups, learning the fundamentals of power engineering and the ERCOT grid. The EDP supplements this work with one-on-one mentoring, training sessions, field trips, and special assignments within 15 areas of study. These assignments allow EDP engineers a chance to become familiar with all of the different types of engineering work that ERCOT has to offer. EDP management helps each EDP engineer, based on their experiences and skills, prepare for a future career path in power engineering.

Monitors the implementation of changes, additions and updates to the ERCOT Transmission Grid and associated network models. Develops, maintains, and supports business software, data formats, associated interfaces and the processes and procedures guiding the use thereof. Completes assignments, gains sufficient knowledge and achieves proficient skill with the concepts, practical methods and operational processes related to phases 1 and 2 of the Engineer Development Program (EDP) curriculum. Works closely with other departments that are responsible for application parameters as well (including but not limited to EMS, MMS, CRR, and Planning).

Essential Job Duties
Analyzes transmission network data including Transmission Element parameters. Work closely with ERCOT System Operations, System Operations Support, Market Operating Services Support, Client Services and Metering
Works with load flow and other analysis software to provide accurate power system models and associated cases
Supports detailed model changes delivered by Network Operations Model Change Requests (NOMCRs) to maintain an accurate Network Operations Model and other models contained within the ERCOT modeling system
Validates the database and test the models and associated power flows
Maintains and supports database infrastructure, model data exchange interfaces, and data export formats
Represents the ERCOT ISO at the ERCOT level
Coordinates and works with the NDSWG (Network Data Support Working Group) members on data exchange and transmission network model maintenance via the NOMCR process
Reviews and develops methods to increase model accuracy including data comparisons and validity checks
Reviews Contingencies, Special Protection Systems, Remedial Action Plans, Mitigation Action Plans, Outages, and other issues that possibly affect models
Reviews, drafts, and presents changes to the Protocols, Guides, procedures, and other supporting ERCOT documents relative to modeling.
Develops, enhances, and maintains reports associated with Protocol and Guide compliance criteria
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:


Job Competencies
Functional/Technical Skills
Problem Solving/Analysis
Planning
Decision-making/Judgment
Quality
Communication (Verbal, Written & Presentation Skills)
Education
Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering or related field or six years applicable experience is required.
Work Experience
Less than one year experience (in excess of degree requirements stated above) of progressively responsible experience in electric utility industry.
Projected Start Date will be Spring, Summer, and Fall 2021. Multiple positions are available.

Physical Work Location: Taylor, TX

Are you an ERCOT Employee? If so please log in to Workday to apply.
