Summary:Responsible for driving Americas distribution partners to ensure channel performance (Sales and Demand Creation) exceed company expectations. The required candidate will be a self motivated, performance driven personable individual with likely previous experience working/managing channel partner and supplier relationships.

Essential Functions:
Develop relationships with key personnel within distribution partners to drive required results.
Manage, influence and implement distribution strategy for Americas
Develop and execute plans to drive demand creation performance around key NPI's and focus channel products.
Generate and maintain relationships between key distribution and Silicon Labs business unit personnel. Driving both to continually improve performance.
Be able to prepare, evaluate required data/analysis and be confident in presenting to an audience.
Be prepared to travel throughout region on a regular basis to report, motivate and drive performance.
Contribute to the culture, values, and success of the company by establishing solid relationships with indirect reports from cross functional teams, other members of the company’s sales team and customers.
Exemplify high standards in communications, conducts and the execution of business.
Work on issues of diverse scope where analysis of situation or data requires evaluation of a variety of factors, including an understanding of current business trends. Develop and administer schedules, performance requirements; may have budget responsibilities.
Other duties as required.
Education and Experience Requirements:
Electronics or related bachelor’s degree or equivalent of training and 6 years of experience in semiconductor product sales, preferably with distribution bias. An advanced degree may reduce the minimum experience requirement.
Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Word,etc tools
Proven ability to interact with other company departments
Proven ability to multi-task
Proven ability to operate under pressure and high stress environment
Outstanding interface skills
Strong understanding of applications for Timing, Power and IoT products
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
