About Silicon Labs:
We are Silicon Labs. We are the leading provider of silicon, software and solutions for a smarter, more connected world.
We hire the most innovative talent in the world to solve the industry’s toughest problems, providing our customers with significant advantages in performance, energy savings, connectivity and design simplicity. Silicon Labs’ software and mixed signal engineering teams create solutions for customers in diverse markets including the Internet of Things, (IoT), internet infrastructure, TV tuners, as well as automotive and consumer radios. Our solutions are in products from the market leaders in home automation, electric vehicles, green technology, smart TVs and home voice control automation. We take pride in our products and in our people, and that’s one of the many reasons we continue to be awarded Most Respected Public Semiconductor Company by the Global Semiconductor Alliance.
Why this position matters:
As a Design Engineer at Silicon Labs you will play a key role in designing & verifying transistor-level analog & digital circuit blocks, doing and/or supervising physical layout, verifying circuit level operation and performance, and assisting with tape-out related activities.
As a Design Engineer on the Infrastructure & Automotive team you will work on developing complex mixed-signal ICs for Power, Isolation, and Timing applications. Many of the ICs include isolated drivers and sensors, data conversion, phase-locked loops, microcontrollers, and other mixed-signal circuitry. Learn more about our I&A products here and here
As a Design Engineer on the IoT team you will work on exciting and market leading highly integrated mixed signal SoCs for various Internet of Things markets. Our award-winning technologies provide our customers a full solution: advanced security, world class energy efficiency, simplicity, powerful operating systems, & options that are cost effective. Learn more about our IoT products here
Silicon Labs has a track record of multiple industry firsts and of transforming and disrupting large and diversified markets. Our Design Engineers are at the forefront of that success!
Excited? See what it’s like to be a part of the Silicon Labs team:
http://bit.ly/WorkingInnovating
http://bit.ly/WomenatSilabs
http://bit.ly/SilabsGlassdoor
What you will do:
Work on RF/IF circuit and sub-system specification, design, analysis, and implementation (including schematic entry, simulation, layout supervision, silicon validation, etc.)
Be a part of a small, collaborative team of the industry’s most innovative talent
What skills you will need:
M.S. or Ph. D. in Electrical Engineering with focus on RF IC design
Strong foundational knowledge of RF integrated circuit design concepts, simulation, and verification techniques
Any coursework or internship experience in the follow areas will be considered a plus:
LNA, mixer, PA, synthesizer, VCO, data conversion, baseband analog signal processing, RF systems design, modulation/demodulation techniques, wireless communications, digital signal processing, low-power techniques
Electromagnetic modelling and interference mitigation techniques
Competence in circuit simulation, electromagnetic simulation, and analysis tools
Competence in schematic capture, layout, layout verification tools, and parasitic extraction
Competence in behavioral modeling (e.g. Verilog, VerilogAMS, System Verilog), high-level languages (e.g., C, C++, Matlab) and scripting languages (e.g Python)
What You'll Get:
Great medical (Choice of PPO or Consumer Driven Health Plan with HSA), dental & vision plans
Highly competitive salary
401k plan with match and Roth plan option
Equity rewards (RSUs)
Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP)
Life/AD&D and disability coverage
Flexible spending accounts
Adoption assistance
Back-Up childcare
Additional benefit options (Commuter benefits, Legal benefits, Pet insurance)
Up to 25 days off per full year, (2 weeks of vacation, 1 week floating holidays, & 10 company holidays)
3 paid volunteer days per year
Charitable contribution match
Tuition reimbursement
Free downtown parking
Onsite gym
Monthly wellness offerings
Free snacks
Monthly company updates with our CEO
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
