*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Engineer will be based in Austin, TX and will be responsible for plan, direct, and coordinate manufacturing processes by providing technical support maintenance of manufacturing methods by performing the following duties in the manufacturing phase of the product lifecycle.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Understand high speed pick and place equipment
Understand smart conveyors and how they interact with the rest of the SMT line.
Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods including tooling design
Define equipment maintenance requirements, identify root-causes of equipment failures and develop hands-on maintenance.
May be involved in development and update of PFMEA for new products
May participate in control plan development
Write and update work instructions and other documents (e.g. specifications, procedures,…)
Analyzes and designs layout of equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency.
Confers with production group concerning product design and tooling to ensure efficient production methods.
Coordinates with customers to determine product specifications and design changes and responds to customer request.
Provides information for management decisions from a technical and technical cost perspective.
Confers with management, engineering, and other staff regarding manufacturing capabilities, production schedules, and other considerations to facilitate production processes.
Applies statistical methods to estimate future manufacturing requirements and potential.
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Bachelor degree Electrical or Mechanical Engineering preferred.
3 - 5 years SMT experience as an Engineer.
Great communications skills.
Experience on customer communication
Here are a few of our preferred experiences…
Prefer prior experience with ASM equipment.
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
EA42

Job Category
Operations

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com
