The Zebra is expanding our engineering team and we're seeking a Software Engineer to join our Data Team.

The Data Team is a unique mix of skill sets and disciplines, drawing from data science, engineering, product, and analytics. We built our own data pipeline and machine learning infrastructure, and have a strong focus on experimentation. We strive for a balance of enabling and empowering other teams through data, while also looking for opportunities to create value ourselves. Our team values autonomy, ownership and innovation. As an Engineer, you will have an impact on our architectural direction, work on challenging projects and mentor team members as we grow.

WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Supporting and enabling other teams with data
Work on a cross-functional team of engineers, data scientists, and data analysts and collaborate with other teams and stakeholders. We don't work in isolation.
Take ownership in the data products we build, and care about their health.
REQUIREMENTS / QUALIFICATIONS:
3+ years of programming language experience (We mostly use Python, but also consider Ruby, Java, C++, C#, Go)
Experience with data pipeline aspects (ETL, schema design)
Willingness to learn and pivot when different technologies are introduced
EXPERIENCE THAT WILL IMPRESS THE HECK OUT OF US:
Experience with Snowflake or/and Kafka
Knowledge around K8s & AWS
Experience with microservice architecture
BENEFITS + PERKS:
Competitive Compensation & Stock Option Offering
Health, Dental, Vision & Disability Coverages
HSA offering + employer contribution
Unlimited PTO + flexibility to enjoy it
Paid Parental Leave Program
Commuter Benefits (up to $100/month)
Wellness perk ($100/month)
Learning & Development Stipends
Onsite Full Service Barista
Wednesday Catered Lunch + Fully Stocked Fridges
Opportunity to join Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) or drive our diversity & inclusion stance by creating your own
Join a team that truly lives their values, and values their lives (outside of the office. Cliche, we know but we really mean it)
ABOUT THE ZEBRA:

The Zebra is the most comprehensive online car insurance comparison platform in the U.S. Since 2012, the company has brought transparency and simplicity to car insurance shopping - "car insurance in black and white." The Zebra compares over 200 car insurance companies, and with its real-time, side-by-side quote comparison tool, drivers can easily and quickly find the coverage, service level, and pricing to suit their unique needs.

Headquartered in Austin, Texas, The Zebra has garnered the attention and investment of some of the nation's top venture capitalists, and the company's success has been profiled in publications like Inc., Time, Forbes, and TechCrunch. Austin Business Journal named The Zebra a Best Place to Work in 2015, 2016, 2017, and 2018. Austin American-Statesman also awarded The Zebra as a Top Workplace in 2016, 2017 and 2018.

The Zebra is aiming to grow our fantastic team to add to our dynamic culture and continue building on our success. Working at The Zebra means never being bored, always being challenged, and supporting one another. We're a happy, hardworking group, and we're eager to add "new stripes" who share those values.

The Zebra is an equal opportunity employer and "at will" company.

As part of our dedication to maintaining an inclusive and diverse workforce, The Zebra provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, The Zebra complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

The Zebra expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of The Zebra's employees to perform their job duties may result in discipline up to and including discharge.

No external recruiters or agents, please.
