H-E-B Digital is seeking new team members
(Partners)! Since our inception, we’ve been investing heavily in our
customers’ digital experience, reinventing how they find inspiration from food,
how they make food decisions, and how they ultimately get food into their
homes. This is an exciting time to join H-E-B Digital, and we’re hiring across
the stack: front-end web and mobile, full-stack, and backend engineering. We’re
using the best available technologies to deliver modern, engaging, reliable,
and scalable experiences to meet the needs of our growing audience. Our digital
solutions are growing in popularity and adoption—like Curbside and Home
Delivery—so you’ll get the opportunity to define the user experience for
millions of customers and hundreds of thousands of Partners. If you’re someone
who enjoys taking on new challenges, working in a rapidly changing environment,
learning new skills, and applying it all to solve large and impactful business
problems, we want you as part of our team.

Our Partners thrive The H-E-B Way. In the Sr. Data Engineer job, that means
you have a…

HEART FOR PEOPLE… you can organize multiple engineers, negotiate
solutions, and provide upward communication

HEAD FOR BUSINESS… you consistently demonstrate and uphold the
standards of codding, infrastructure, and process

PASSION FOR RESULTS… you’re capable of high-velocity contributions
in multiple technical domains
What you’ll do
Work with HEB Digital teams to
provide data solutions for ecommerce, supply chain, store operations,
finance, and marketing reporting and analytics platforms
Contribute to existing data
platforms and implement new technologies
Develop a deep understanding of
HEB’s data and become a domain expert
Ensure data is distributed in a
timely and accurate manner
Make data discoverable and
accessible to business users

Who You
Are
4 years of
data engineering experience
Proficient
with data technologies (e.g. Spark, Kinesis, Kafka, Airflow, Oracle,
PostgreSQL, Redshift, Presto, etc.)
Experienced
with designing and developing ETL data pipelines using tools such as
Airflow, Nifi, or Kafka.
Strong
understanding of SQL and data modeling
Understanding
of Linux, Amazon Web Services (or other cloud platforms), Python, Docker,
and Kubernetes
Experienced
with common software engineering tools (e.g., Git, JIRA, Confluence, or
similar)
Bachelor's
degree in computer science or comparable field or equivalent experience
A proven
understanding and application of computer science fundamentals: data
structures, algorithms, design patterns, and data modeling

What are the Perks?
A robust Benefits
plan with coverage starting Day One
Dental, vision, life,
and other insurance plans; flexible spending accounts; short term / long term
disability coverage
Partner Care Team,
for any time you have healthcare or coverage questions
Telehealth offers
24/7 access to board-certified doctors by phone
Partner Guidance
allows free counselor visits
Funeral leave, jury
duty, and military pay (subject to applicable law)
Maternal / paternal
leave for new parents, including adoptions
10" off H-E-B brand
products in-store and online
Eligibility to
participate in 401(k)
Opportunity to become
a “Partner-Owner” after 12 months
Who
We Are
H-E-B is one of the largest, independently owned food
retailers in the nation, operating over 400 stores throughout Texas and Mexico,
with annual sales generating over $25 billion
We hire talented
people (109,000 Partners), and give them autonomy to be creative in how they
impact the business
We’re a
Partner-driven company with a Bold Promise – Because People Matter
We embrace Diversity
and Inclusion as core values, and support them with thriving company-wide
programs
We’re a truly
original Texas-based company that created the Spirit of Giving to help Texas
communities every day
Once eligible, our
Partners become Owners in the company. “Partner-owned” means our most important
resources—People—drive the innovation, growth, and success that make H-E-B The
Greatest Retailing Company
04-2019

DASO3232
