*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Quality Engineer will be based in Austin, TX. Will be responsible for maintaining quality engineering programs, standards, and improvements within the organization.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do:
Develops and initiates standards and methods for inspection, testing and evaluation.
Devises sampling procedures and designs and develops forms and instructions for recording, evaluating and reporting quality and reliability data.
Develops and implements methods and procedures for disposition of discrepant material and devises methods to assess cost and responsibility.
Directs workers engaged in measuring and testing product and tabulating data concerning materials, product or process quality and reliability
Compiles and writes training material and conducts training sessions on quality control activities.
Supports Product Engineers and Quality Program Managers with customer interfaces as necessary on quality related issues.
Assures data availability and integrity for all quality related data. Consolidates and reports quality results.
Initiates corrective action requests as needed and tracks to satisfactory completion.
Assists with development and implementation of quality audits.
Responsible for developing, applying, revising and maintaining quality standards for processing materials into partially finished or finished products.
Designs and implements methods and procedures for inspecting, testing and evaluating the precision and accuracy of products and/or production equipment.
Analyzes reports and returned products and recommends corrective action.
Establishes program to evaluate precision and accuracy of production equipment and testing, measurement and analytical equipment and facilities.
Approves product, process and equipment qualifications
Provides liaison to various regulatory bodies
Here is some of the required experiences you’ll need (required)…
Bachelor’s degree
Minimum 2 or 3-years’ experience in similar position
Strong Medical Devices background
Excellent customer interfacing skills
Knowledge of MS Office (Excel, Word)
Ability to interface and communicate with different levels of the organization
Strong communication and collaboration skills
Here are a few preferred experiences you’ll need:
CAPA
eDHR
Statistical Analysis
MINITAB
Process validations
ISO 13485 / FDA 21 CFR 820
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide:
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
Job Category
Quality

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com
