Posted: Jul 2, 2020
Role Number:
200179176
Imagine what you could do here! At Apple, phenomenal ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish!

We are seeking an energetic and self-driven software engineer with a solid understanding of systems architecture and hardware components. As a key member of our software team, you write, maintain and debug software that upgrades firmware on our platforms. These platforms are the bedrock of the internet services that will delight and inspire millions of Apple’s customers every day.
Key Qualifications
5+ years of software development
experience operating at scale 2000+ systems
code repositories like git
CI/CD pipeline
system boot process / netboot / grub / pxe, ipxe / UEFI
dns / http / https / certificates
JSON data structures
C, Go and Python
Description
You will be a member of a small team tasked to maintain a vital part of our software stack that keeps our fleet up-to-date. We are constantly adding new technology and removing old technology from the fleet. The software stack you will be maintaining has to stay ahead of those changes to keep our fleet operational. You will be pulled into exciting project developing new and cutting edge technology as well as support escalations.
Education & Experience
BS (or MS/PhD) in Computer Engineering or equivalent

Apple is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.
Apple participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations as required by law.
Apple's committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities.
