Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: New York, NY, USA; Atlanta, GA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Cambridge, MA, USA; Chicago, IL, USA; Charlotte, NC, USA; Addison, TX, USA; Irvine, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA; Reston, VA, USA; Seattle, WA, USA; Salt Lake City, UT, USA; Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Boulder, CO, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Experience with large scale cloud and datacenter design and migration patterns including network, compute/mainframe, virtualization, storage, security, and identity
Experience architecting, sizing, and costing cloud solutions
Experience with Enterprise virtualization technologies
Experience in an technical architecture or sales engineering role
Preferred qualifications:
Master's degree in Computer Science or other relevant technical field
Experience as an IT infrastructure consultant or enterprise architect working in datacenter investment strategies, migrations and proposals
Experience with Windows, Linux system administration, and/or Enterprise applications
Experience with container orchestration technologies (kubernetes, mesos, swarm etc.) and deployment methodologies and technologies (CI/CD, Chef, Puppet, Ansible, etc.)
Experience with Relational Databases, NoSQL Databases and/or Big Data technologies
Working knowledge in IP and storage networking including SDN, Linux, application networking, DNS, SAN and hybrid technologies
About the job


The Google Cloud Platform team helps customers transform and evolve their business through the use of Google’s global network, web-scale data centers and software infrastructure. As part of an entrepreneurial team in this rapidly growing business, you will help shape the future of businesses of all sizes use technology to connect with customers, employees and partners.

As an Enterprise Infrastructure Customer Engineer in the Center of Excellence (CoE) for Google Cloud, you'll contribute experience and thought leadership to support Google Cloud Sales teams, and drive vision, mission, and strategy around data center migration and transformation. You'll meet with customers to facilitate business transformation, success patterns, and establish an architectural blueprint as the foundation for migration to Google Cloud. You will also have the opportunity to travel to customer sites and events up to 40% of time.

In this role, you'll identify and assess customer infrastructure to uncover cloud solutions to recommend, plan for, and address core market opportunities and use cases. Finally, you'll enable customers, partners and field teams on the best way to position datacenter solutions on Google Cloud, explain technical features, and problem-solve potential roadblocks on Google Cloud.

Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Lead workshops for strategic customers to assess existing application and infrastructure environments to identify use-cases for cloud computing models.
Identify and qualify business opportunities, identify key customer technical challenges and develop a strategy to resolve technical blockers.
Recommend and document migration path, integration strategies, and application architecture required to successfully implement a complete solution using best practices on Google Cloud.
Develop architectural blueprints to enable datacenter and mainframe migration opportunities in coordination with Google Cloud product and specialist teams.
Assist the infrastructure solutions management teams, contributing to solution and use case specific assets.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
