Job Description
About REX

REX is a well-funded, game-changing real estate technology startup with offices in Austin, Los Angeles, and the Bay Area. With the goal of improving the lives of homebuyers and sellers, REX created a digital platform and real estate service that eliminates traditional agent commissions and shifts control away from agents over to those who matter most: consumers! REX saves homesellers thousands of dollars in fees by going around the MLS to target home-buyers directly with sophisticated marketing that has never been used in real estate. Since its launch in Southern California, REX has expanded to 17 states and over 250 employees. Throughout the years, REX has represented homes cumulatively valued at over $1 billion and in the process, saved customers over $20 million in fees they otherwise would have paid traditional brokers.

About the Position

As a Software Engineer, you’ll work on designing and building customer-facing, employee- facing, and specialty tools for REX’s advanced, data-science driven housing marketplace. You’ll work closely with other software engineers or data scientists and will support and be supported by specialists ranging from UI experts to data analysts.

Experience & Qualifications

Our ideal candidate brings the following:
Strong coding skills
Comfort using the language and tools appropriate to the task
Java proficiency
Javascript fluency
Able to pick up new toolchains stacks quickly
Bonus Points:
AWS experience
Experience with web-scale architectures
Python skills
Experience with “Big Data” tools like EMR/Hadoop/Spark/Hive
Database experience
Angular.js experience
Networking skill
Additional Information

As a pioneer in our industry, REX is setting new standards in the marketplace – for quality, innovation, integrity, professionalism, drive, consumer happiness, and social good. Our culture, together with our business vision and goals, serve as an orientation for leadership and a guide for how we conduct ourselves in day-to-day business. They also form the foundation for hiring, encouraging and rewarding great people. In addition, REX has been committed to doing good things for real estate consumers and to providing homes for those in the greatest need, wherever they may be. For every 50 homes we sell, we provide a home for a family in need. We started by funding the construction of a home for a family in Cambodia at the end of 2015. In addition to funding homes, the REX team regularly provides hands-on support to local nonprofits that provide shelter to families.

Compensation: Competitive salary with an equity stake in this fast-growing tech company.

Contact: careers@rexchange.com

Powered by JazzHR

4Rh6KHsFXK
