Job Description
Job Description:
Develop embedded cryptographic algorithms
Develop DS-101/102 Key Fill capabilities
Implement High Assurance Internet Protocol specifications
Support integration of products with existing Government systems
Perform the derivation of software requirements to satisfy stakeholder and system level requirements, and develop software to implement the requirements.
Support the creation of CDRLs to include:
Software/Hardware Requirements Specification(s) (SHRS)
Interface Requirements Specification(s)
Software Test Plans
Software Test Descriptions/Procedures
Software Test Reports
Embedment Manual(s)
Interface Control Documents (ICDs)
Support waterfall lifecycle design reviews (e.g. preliminary design review, critical design review, test readiness review, etc;) to include slide preparation, attendance and presentation
Conduct/Support verification and validation to include software, systems and security testing
Required Skills:
Active Secret security clearance
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science/Systems Engineering/Software Engineering OR 5+ years of work experience in applicable software development
5+ years of Design & Development Experience
Desired Skills:
Top Secret Clearance
5+ years' experience with COMSEC management systems
Key Management Infrastructure (KMI) knowledge
Expert in C programming language
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
Strong configuration management and documentation experience
Willing to interact with customer and customer representatives
Positive attitude, strong work ethic and ability to lead complex technical tasks
Willing to lead and perform as a self-starter
Information Assurance Experience
COMSEC Accounting, Reporting and Distribution System (CARDS) experience
COMSEC Trained/Briefed
Understanding and familiarity with a Central Office of Record (COR)
Experience with software development in Java
Experience with HTML and XML
Database experience (SQL/Oracle/SQL Server/PostgreSQL, PL/SQL)
Advanced Tactical Systems is a leading supplier of tactical command and control systems, communication gateways, data fusion and display systems. It also provides software based applications that deliver enhanced situational awareness in military command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems.

Ultra Electronics is a UK-based defense, aerospace, cyber security, energy, and transportation products group. Ultra manages a portfolio of specialist capabilities, generating highly differentiated solutions and products by applying electronic, mechanical, and software technologies in demanding and critical environments to meet customer needs.

We offer medical, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance, health savings accounts, paid time off, and a 401(k) plan with a Company match.

This contractor and subcontractor shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60–1.4(a), 60–300.5(a) and 60–741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, and for inquiring about, discussing or disclosing compensation. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Reasonable accommodation statement: If you need an accommodation for any part of the application process, please email careers@ultra-us-gbs.com
Company Description
Ultra is a sub-system and systems provider. We specialise in providing application-engineered bespoke solutions for our customers’ mission critical situations in the defence, security, critical detection & control markets. Our capabilities and technologies can be found on many of the world’s long-term military programmes. We employ over 4,500 employees across the globe and are listed on the London Stock Exchange.

Learn more about the family of companies by visiting https://www.ultra.group/

Interested in a career with Ultra Electronics? Check out current opportunities here: https://www.ultra.group/careers/
