SpyCloud is a pioneer in breach discovery. We strive to help businesses of all sizes mitigate data breaches by proactively alerting when employee or company assets have been compromised. We accomplish this through our early-warning breach detection service powered by a world-class team of intelligence analysts.
SpyCloud manages the most expansive database of plaintext passwords in the industry. Once a new breach is recovered from the dark web, we use specialized hardware and software to crack as many of the password hashes as possible. This gives developers the ability to prove user exposures and automate password exposure checks across internal systems.
We are looking for a passionate developer who can join our Data Team and contribute to our password cracking platform. This job posting is for Austin, TX only. We’re not looking for remote developers at this time.
Your Responsibilities:
Add new features to the password cracking platform
Manage day-to-day password cracking
Participate in a fast-paced environment
Desired Skills and Experience:
New college grad with a degree in Computer Science or related field OR at least 2 years of professional experience as a software developer
Experience with Python
An understanding of data structures and algorithms
Experience with a database (relational or NoSQL)
Experience with Linux
Excellent communication skills
Be self-motivated and be able to switch contexts as business needs change
Nice To Have:
Familiarity with an MVC web framework (e.g. Pyramid, Django, Ruby on Rails, etc)
Familiarity with front-end development (e.g. HTML, CSS, JavaScript)
Familiarity with building REST APIs
Familiarity with Bash scripting
Familiarity with AWS
Familiarity with a version control system. We use Git.
Familiarity with HashCat
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Flexible Schedule
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Referral Program
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Software Development: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Innovative -- innovative and risk-taking
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Company's website:
www.spycloud.com
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
