As a high-energy, experienced applications engineer, you will help bring to market our next-generation haptics/sensor devices. You will play a fundamental role in designing and developing state of the art haptics/sensor based platforms and will be responsible for ensuring our customers can easily and effectively integrate our devices into their end products and bring the best haptics user experience to market.

Responsibilities
Provide direct engineering support for Cirrus Logic customers and field personnel
Lead haptics/sensor-based hardware development for reference designs and demonstration platforms
Develop application notes and white papers
Execute customer-application focused data collection and circuit analysis
Collaborate and communicate closely with IC Design engineers, Systems engineers and Validation engineers to understand and define requirements and customer use cases.
Autonomously handle tasks and priorities
Travel approximately 3 weeks per year, domestically and abroad
Required Skills and Qualifications
BS in Electrical Engineering and 5+ years or MS in Electrical Engineering and 3+ years of applications or systems engineering experience supporting haptics/sensor products
Demonstrated experience in the design and development of haptics/sensor solutions in embedded applications
Experience with LRA and Piezo technologies
Experience with interfacing to touch and force sensors
Effective interpersonal skills
Proven experience with failure analysis of field returns.
Demonstrated aptitude in system understanding of various industry interface standards such as I2C, SPI, USB, UART, I2S or high speed control/data bus examples
Familiarity with scripting/programming language such as Verilog, C, Python, MATLAB or similar
Hands-on experience in lab equipment such as oscilloscopes, signal generators, audio analyzers, logic analyzers, spectrum analyzers
This position is located in Austin, TX

Cirrus Logic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We strive to select the best qualified applicant for any opening and to reward employees based on their skills, experience and performance. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, pregnancy status, marital status, gender, age, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law.

This position is located in Austin, TX

Cirrus Logic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We strive to select the best qualified applicant for any opening and to reward employees based on their skills, experience and performance. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, pregnancy status, marital status, gender, age, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any other characteristic protected by law.
