Medallia’s mission is to help companies win through customer experience. The world’s best-loved brands trust Medallia’s Experience Cloud™, which embeds the pulse of the customer in an organization and empowers employees with the real-time customer data, insights, and tools they need to make every experience great. Named a leader in the most recent Forrester Wave and ranked in the 2018 Forbes Cloud 100 list, Medallia is growing quickly, with a global footprint that spans Silicon Valley, Austin, New York, Washington DC, London, Paris, Sydney, Buenos Aires, and Tel Aviv. Here, we value people for each of the aspects that make them whole. We believe that people should not be defined only by a job title—nobody is "just an engineer" or "just a salesperson." We are each partners, parents, children, siblings, friends, and former classmates. We have different backgrounds and we celebrate different cultures. And, just like our product, we honor each of the experiences that build our people.

At Medallia we hire the whole person, not just a part of them.

Application Solutions solves technically challenging tasks for Medallia’s clients. We are engineers who love solving all problems and enabling others. We engineer with a purpose: solve what’s needed to enable clients to be successful with Medallia driving their CX programs.

The Role
As a Sr. Software Engineer on our Application Solutions team, you'll be providing technical direction and guidance for our projects and acts as a primary technical contact across Medallia and with clients. You'll ensure that business requirements are fully and accurately captured, translates those into a solution that will ensure the best long-term health for the client’s Medallia engagement, and leads the implementation and delivery to success.
Opportunities
Consulting with clients to build and implement solutions.
Work closely with clients and our Product and Design teams to design and implement complex user interfaces and user-facing features for our next generation CEM product.
Create fast, easy-to-use UI components that can be implemented quickly and seamlessly to support diverse clients.
The chance to learn, build, and work with new, emerging technologies.
About You:
You love solving problems for others.
You love to mentor.
You are a strong technical lead with experience across the software engineering and devops ecosystem.
You have a strong product vision of what we need to build, as well as the technical expertise to guide a team of engineers towards building that vision.
You can frame designs and select technologies to match business requirements.
You love engaging with executive-level clients.
Minimum Qualifications
Passion for solving client problems.
Experience in a client-facing role.
Experience in crafting end-to-end architectures.
Proficient understanding of and demonstrated experience with React, Redux, Vanilla JavaScript, Less/SASS, HTML, and CSS.
Proven ability to work collaboratively across and within teams.
Proven ability to mentor others at all levels of experience.
Proven ability to deliver best-of-breed HTML5 & CSS3 code.
Professional proficiency with the English language (written/spoken).
BS degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years experience in a client-facing engineering role.
3+ years experience with Java.
Experience with highly performant, available, and scalable enterprise-grade applications.
Experience working on API and data integrations with other third-party systems such as Salesforce, Workday, ServiceNow, or similar.
Experience with agile software development process.
Solid understanding of automated testing best practices.
MS or advanced degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Engineering or a related field.
At Medallia, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it and recognize the value it brings to our customers and employees. Medallia is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. Equal opportunity and consideration are afforded to all qualified applicants and employees. We won't unlawfully discriminate on the basis of gender identity or expression, race, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, physical or mental disability, Veteran status, sexual orientation, and any other category protected by law. We also consider all qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements.

Medallia is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with disabilities in accordance with the American Disabilities Act and local disability laws.

For information regarding how Medallia collects and uses personal information, please review our Privacy Policies.
