We are looking for an experienced Software Engineer to design, build, and improve multi-tier clientserver applications using the latest .NET technologies and development processes. Strong C, enterprise .Net Framework and SQL database skills are required. What You'll Need Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field. Strong understanding of software design patterns, data structure and algorithms. 4+ years of strong experience developing enterprise level systems using C and .NET Framework. 2+ years of hands-on experience with Entity Framework (or other ORMs) and LINQ. 2+ years of SQL and relational database design using Microsoft SQL 2012 or above, T-Sql, data access, and best practices. Good understanding of unit testing framework (NUnit or XUnit) and how to write clean, error-tolerant code using TDD. Basic experience in WPF and MVVM framework such as Caliburn Micro or Prism is a plus. Experience working with AgileScrum methodologies. Experience with Microsoft DevOps and source control tools (GIT). Good team player, hungry and self-starter that can work well in a team environment Experience with continuous integration, build processes and deployment tools is a plus. What We Offer Full-time, permanent position Relocation package available Competitive Salary Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k, company-paid Life,STD, LTD Insurance. Vacation Sick leave Ten paid holidays per year Flexible work schedule Relaxed work environment Learning environment Free onshy-site fitness center Free off-site company events Free Snacks On-site Foosball and XboxNintendo in game room Newly remodeled location near The Domain As a Software Engineer, you will Build new applications with a consistent framework to insure testability and maintainability. Work collaboratively with developers and product owners to decompose requirements into actionable tasks and insure timely features delivery. Create technical design specifications and work with QA to align understanding of requirements in user stories and to develop system test plans. Refactor existing application code to improve system performance, consistency, stability, and development process. Design and implement proof of conceptscomponents when required.
