Overview


ProSphere is seeking an experienced Data Warehouse Engineer to assist in strategizing, designing, continually improving and operating an existing Department of Army Government client’s cloud based information technology infrastructure to host mission systems, applications, services, and data. This is full-time position that can be located in Austin, TX, National Capital (DC) Region, Redstone, AL, Detroit, MI, Natick, MA, Orlando, FL along with the possibility of telework options. Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Responsibilities


• Coordinates the data administration technical function for both data warehouse development and maintenance. • Plans and oversees the technical transitions between development, testing, and production phases of the workplace. • Facilitates change control, problem management, and communication among data architects, programmers, analysts and engineers. • Establishes and enforces processes to ensure a consistent, well-managed and well-integrated data warehouse infrastructure. • Expands and improves data warehouse to include data from all functions of the organization using data manipulation, transformation and cleansing tools. • Provides supervision, training, and quality assurance to junior personnel. • Capable of coordinating requirements and engineering decisions across multiple efforts.

Qualifications


• Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Engineering, or other Scientific/Technical discipline and • 4 years of related data warehouse engineering work experience. • Must meet IAT-I requirements as specified in DoD 8570.01-M (A+ CE, CCNA-Security, CND, Network+ CE, SSCP)• U.S. Citizenship (Government Requirement)• Must have an active Secret Clearance

Qualifications Highly Desired• U.S. Army or Army Future Command experience • Former Military

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities• Well organized• Superior attention to detail• Exceptional multi-tasking skills• Demonstrated and verifiable ability to recruit, develop, support, and maintain high performing teams

Physical Demands


• Ability to sit in an office environment for long periods of time • Typical office environment. Ability to sit and stand for extended periods of time; ability to lift 5-20 lbs

ProSphere offers full-time employees a comprehensive and competitive benefits package including paid vacation, sick leave, holidays, health insurance, life insurance, military leave, training, tuition reimbursement, a wellness program, short- and long-term disability, 401(k) retirement plan with company matches/immediate vesting, commuter benefits, and more.It is ProSphere’s policy to promote equal employment opportunities. All personnel decisions, including, but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits and termination, are made without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, citizenship status, veteran status, disability or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.
