Forcepoint is transforming cybersecurity by focusing on what matters most: understanding people's intent as they interact with critical data and intellectual property wherever it resides. Our uncompromising systems enable companies to empower employees with unobstructed access to confidential data while protecting intellectual property and simplifying compliance. Based in Austin, Texas, Forcepoint supports more than 20,000 organizations worldwide. For more about Forcepoint, visit www.Forcepoint.com and follow us on Twitter at @ForcepointSec.Job Summary:Forcepoint is looking for a skilled IT engineer with programming knowledge looking to join a fast-paced, high-energy, escalation team, working on resolving customer issues, designing large complex deployments, improving the products and training other tiers.Successful candidates will need to be very detail oriented and organized and have excellent organizational and communication skills. They will need to be able to manage multiple, high priority and visibility issues simultaneously and effectively lead a remote team to resolution.Essential Functions:Troubleshooting complex software modules, working from written and oral issues as described by the technical support organization, sales organization, account managers and customers themselves.Participation in internal and external customer calls to provide technical insight into the issue experienced by the customer, and provide fixes and workarounds to alleviate field issues.Participation in design activities by analyzing requirements and high level designs to have in depth understanding of features, and designs features and components of simple to high complexity as part of product release, maintenance release, and hot fixDevelop and modify modules as part of workarounds for issues or as a professional services enhancement.Work with QA and development teams to recommend resolutions, provide insights and making sure issues fixes are being properly implemented into the products.Participation in tech support training sessions, compiling materials and delivering them to other tiers.Participation in the software early availability activities, deploying beta code, troubleshooting and delivering feedback.Qualifications:1. Good troubleshooting skills and methodological approach.2. Previous experience with customers (working directly and on-site visits).3. Excellent communication (written and oral) and teamwork skills.4. Demonstrated experience in writing code projects with Python, C++, C# and Java - major advantage5. Knowledge in networking technologies: HTTP, SMTP, SSL, TCP/IP, DNS, network components (routers, switches, firewalls, proxies).6. Demonstrated knowledge in Microsoft products: Windows servers and workstations infrastructure, Active Directory, Exchange, Sharepoint.7. Demonstrated knowledge in working with Linux environments - installing, configuring networking, writing bash scripts, and more.8. Prior experience working in a commercial development environment: formal QA, best practices for development, schedules, processes, defect queues, code management, build environments.9. IT experience (large organizations - advantage).
