Corporate Traffic Logistics is a 28-year-old asset-based 3rd Party Logistics (3PL) provider. Acknowledged in the industry with several honors and awards including Inbound Logistics Top 100 3PL’s, multiple Best Place to Work and a federal SmartWay certified carrier. We have a proven history of demonstrated stability, technology advancements and financial strength. Our success is directly attributable to our employees and as such, we take a tremendous amount of pride in them and our collective results.
Corporate Traffic is committed to hiring team members who are passionate about providing exceptional customer service - people who understand the importance of customer satisfaction and what it means to their career development. As a company that is well-positioned for aggressive growth, we are seeking a Full Stack Software Engineer with experience building web and/or mobile applications for the enterprise. As a full stack engineer, you will leverage your strengths to work more independently. This independence will help bring new features and ideas to life more quickly and allow you to own complete parts of the product. It also enables you to move freely between various projects and ideas, as both a back-end and/or front-end contributor.
In principal, Computer Science fundamentals and good engineering practices are more important to us than languages and frameworks.
Responsibilities
Design, develop and test intuitive web and mobile applications
Develop data rich features
Collaborate effectively with your teammates, technical partners, and customers
Communicate technical ideas with a focus on problem solving
Have hustle along with other motivated, mission driven engineers to serve our team and customers
Requirements
3+ years’ experience building and supporting full stack applications within an agile or SCRUM team environment
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering or STEM-related field, OR equivalent training, work experience
Ability to write high quality, production code in one or more languages
Experience with various management tools like Jira and Git
Experience using various tools to ensure the quality of your own code (testing frameworks, source control practices, CI/CD)
Passionate about UX and good design
Can put yourself in our customers shoes and be an advocate for them
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently and within a team
Recommend
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Computer Information Systems Preferred
Front-End: JavaScript, Angular 7.x+, React, HTML5, CSS, Ionic
Middle: Microservices, Service Bus/Message Queues
Back-End: C#, .NET, MSSQL, Cosmos DB, MongoDB
Other: Microsoft Azure, XML, JSON, SOAP APIs, RESTful APIs, Web Tokens
Employee Benefits
Paid Time Off
Medical, Dental, Vision and Supplemental Life Insurance
Company-paid Group Life Insurance
Short & Long-Term Disability
Simple IRA with Company Match up to 3% (Vested & Matched at first contribution)
Many other great benefits
