Job Description
Description of client in one sentence

Position: Operations Engineer-Wastewater

Type: Direct-Full Time

Pay: Based on experience

Location: Jacksonville, FL

No corporate sponsorship is offered in conjunction with this job.

Client Overview:

Expertise in non-hazardous liquid waste systems, including grease traps, septic tanks and related waste systems. The company offers a full suite of services to business, residential and municipal customers

Position Summary:
Supervises day to day operations of employees at facilities to ensure coverage of all shifts, optimal up-time, minimal wait time for disposal customers and that project schedules are maintained and projects proceed according to plan.
Attain facility performance improvement through data-driven process improvements, equipment upgrades, productivity management, and continuous improvement strategies.
Plans, justifies, organizes, directs and controls all installation, engineering repair, upgrades and expansion activities for projects at the treatment facilities to avoid downtime and to assure profitable reliable operations and growth.
Develops relationship with key customers, to ensure retention of customers and acquisition of new customers to support companies’ growth goals.
Ensure Regulatory compliance with all permits and reporting requirements. Ensuring compliance with all laws and regulations.
Develops project scope, budgets and delivery schedules for requested projects, and responsible for ensuring tasks/projects are completed within budget and on schedule.
Supervises facility engineering activities including; material ordering, shipping, labor plans, job site supervision, job folder updates, develop SOP’s, O&M Manuals, and reports.
Manage facility P&L’s and maintains and improves budgeted Branch Profit through labor management, oversight of all financial aspects including operating costs and vendor management.
Builds and maintains an effective operations organization committed to customer and employee satisfaction and profitable growth.
Owns the initiative on hiring, training and development, allocation and performance assessment of personnel within area of responsibility. Provides the tools, training and environment required to achieve employee success.
Bachelor's Degree in Civil, Environmental, Mechanical, Chemical Engineering or a related field of study.
10-15 years experience in the engineering and project management wastewater industry.
Previous experience leading a team of 10-15 employees.
Strong understanding of P&L financial reports and demonstrated ability to implement financial management, cost controls and manage to budget.
Demonstrated excellent mechanical, electrical and process trouble shooting skills and the ability to quickly determine the root cause.
Contact: Christine.anadell@lutechresources.com
Company Description
~Empowering Business. People Focused~
Lutech Resources has over 25 years’ experience providing tailor made recruitment and integrated resource management to leading Engineering, Energy and Manufacturing sector companies worldwide. We set ourselves apart from others in the industry by building long term relationships with both our clients and candidates based on a mutual understanding of their targeted industry and a passion for excellence. With every engagement, our goal is to quickly place qualified talent with the best suited employer. We have a genuine understanding of candidates and clients’ needs. Along with a dynamic and effective service, we strive for positive outcomes for everyone, every time.
