Position Number: 341671

Location: Jacksonville, FL 32256

Position Type: Temporary

Required Skill Set:
Business Analyst, Data Scientist, MS SQL Server, SSIS

Position Description:
**C2C is not available**
*Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**
Job Title: Data Architect II
Estimated Assignment: 6/29/2020 - 10/2/2020
Location: Jacksonville, FL 32256

Qualifications:

Engineer with light analytical background. Enables the core infrastructure needed by the Business Analysts and Data Scientists to perform analytics. Partners with the enterprise IT to fill the data and tool gaps. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and adapt to changing requirements. Strong troubleshooting skills, able to debug production code with limited guidance. Self-starter, able to work with limited supervision and see tasks through to completion. Proficiency to create and support database technical environments. Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction for internal and external customers. Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization (e.g., executive, management, individual contributors). Willingly shares relevant technical and/or industry knowledge and expertise to other resources. Excellent decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills. Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas. Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed. 3-5 years’ experience with MS SQL. 2 years SSIS experience.

Responsibilities:

Ability to build, update, and scale large datasets. Write queries to automate production tasks. Responsible for health and hygiene of non-IT managed data. Consume business requirements and develops the data, database specifications, tables and element attributes to support. Models databases and develops tables, stored procedures, views, and other database objects. Maintains database dictionaries, monitors overall database standards and procedures, and integrates systems through database design. Works closely with other developers to integrate databases with other applications. May provide leadership and/or guidance to other technical professionals. Performs other related duties as assigned.

#CBRose#
