Job Description
We are looking for a Junior System Reliability Engineer (JSRE) to build out, maintain, and automate our rapidly expanding infrastructure. The ideal candidate will be early in their software development career and seeking a place to learn and grow.

You will be part of a talented team of engineers that demonstrate superb technical competency, delivering mission critical infrastructure and ensuring the highest levels of availability (24x7x365), performance and security of our Clear to Work healthcare platform. You have a background in IT, computer systems engineering, or systems engineering and analysis.

This position can be located in either our Boulder, CO or Jacksonville Beach, FL office.

We are a fast growing company with an energetic, forward-thinking team. Check out your future coworkers at www.cebroker.com/jobs and take a look at our EverCheck Culture Instagram page!

Why EverCheck:
Multi-year award winner for Best Company to Work For by both Florida Trend and Outside Magazine.
Casual Dress Code – bringing your best self to work doesn't have to mean wearing a suit.
Flexibility - We are social, and like to hang out with one another. But remote work is in our DNA!
Medical, dental, and vision benefits – “An apple a day…” doesn’t always work.
Wellness benefits – We’ll help pay gym fees and get you discounts on organic produce.
Retirement plan with company matching – Live in the moment…but plan for the future too
Ample PTO for the things that mean the most to you - Volunteering, becoming a new parent and more!
Balance - Flexible scheduling and support from a team who understands that work isn't all there is in life.
What you bring to the team:
BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or similar experience.
Excellent knowledge of data backup, recovery, security, integrity, and SQL advanced querying is a must.
Proven working experience in installing, configuring and troubleshooting UNIX /Linux and Windows based environments.
Solid experience in the administration and performance tuning of application stacks (e.g.,java: Apache, Ruby, NGINX.)
Solid Cloud experience, preferably in AWS.
Database administration skills, preferably for systems relying on MySQL, MongoDB, Oracle DB, ElasticSearch and Redis.
Abilities to provision and administrate networking, and computing resources, both cloud and on premise based infrastructures. (VMware, AWS, GCP.)
Experience with building and/or integrating monitoring tools.
Solid scripting skills (e.g., shell scripts, Perl, Ruby, Python.)
Experience with automation software (e.g., Ansible, Puppet , Chef.)
Critical thinking, problem-solving, and analytical skills.
Ability to think creatively and contribute to the overall vision of future EverCheck products.
Commitment to the highest standards of personal and business ethics and conduct.
If you have a cool talent like break dancing, magic, or opera singing that would be fun to see.
Day-to-Day Responsibilities:
Manage and monitor all installed systems and infrastructure.
Install, configure, test and maintain operating systems, application software and system management tools.
Automates tasks to improve reliability, repeatability, and scalability.
Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability.
Monitor and test application performance for potential bottlenecks, identify possible solutions, and work with developers to implement those fixes.
Maintain security, backup, and redundancy strategies.
Write and maintain custom scripts to increase system efficiency and lower the human intervention time on any tasks with the goal of automation of tasks to improve reliability, repeatability, scalability, etc.
Participate in the design of information and operational support systems.
Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution.
Handle on-call responsibilities as well as other out of business activities that can be scheduled on demand.
How To Apply:

With your application, please submit a cover letter that includes why you’re a great fit for this position, as well as what “Pursue Growth & Learning” means to you.

Please note: Applications received without a cover letter addressing these questions may be removed from consideration.

If you think you've got all the right stuff for this position, please submit a cover letter and resume at https://cebroker.applytojob.com/apply/.

We look forward to hearing from you (and seeing your break dancing skills)!

Powered by JazzHR

12Dk8US4Jp
