OverviewPerform a variety of tasks at the direction of the VP & Chief Engineer and Assistant Chief Engineer that are involved with managing Track, Roadway, Facilities and other duties for the Florida East Coast Railway. The diversity of responsibility and actual tasks to be performed require a flexible mindset and cooperative team oriented attitude to support the rapid growth of the Company.ResponsibilitiesESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.This position will report to the Assistant Chief Engineer - Design & Construction who will assign task as appropriated.Specific activities that likely be performed at this position include:Perform Project Management including cost estimates, review of roadway plans to insure FEC Standards and Specifications are met.Draft License agreements for Legal Department review and approval.Coordinate crossing widening projects.Know and remain current with FDOT and Federal submittals regarding specifications. Secure FDOT and governmental funding for engineering studiesMaintain FDOT and FRA Crossing National DatabaseGenerate the scope, schedule and budget parameters for projects.Manage projects with fees of up to several million dollars.Manage the execution of projects within the scope, schedule and budget parameters previously developed.Manage 3rd party entities in the performance of the projectReport performance by generating maintenance of project reporting documents. Identify and resolve issues related to the performance of the project, including generation of scope of work, scheduling and developing and implementing QA/QC plans for projects.Assist in indentification and preparation for proposals for future projects.Attend Configuration Control Board Meeting every other week and provide project updates for rail corridor improvements or changes that will affect PTC.Attend annual FDOT Rail Coordinators meeting and provide project updates and discuss all matters relevant to FDOT and FEC projects and processes.Assist with Timetable updates to include vetting request for proposed changes with Engineering consultant, FEC's MOW, Transportation, Safety, and Dispatch, Departments. Provide replacement pages as attachment to System Bulletins.Proficient in AutoCADOther Varity of task will be performed at this level include:Preparation of construction documents and specificationsPreparing reportsStaying on and managing more than one project at a time.20% of the time will be in the fieldProvide administrative and operations support as may be needed to all departmentsQualificationsA Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering or 10 years related experience and/or training in all aspects of project management.LANGUAGE SKILLSAbility to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.MATHEMATICAL SKILLSAbility to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as data analysis associated with overhaul, periodic maintenance and supplier contracts. Ability to evaluate technical information associated with Component parts engineering reports and analysis.REASONING ABILITYAbility to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIESMust have high degree of computer skills in Windows operating systems; internet communications; and proficiently use Microsoft Office, Word, and Excel programs and project management. Must be able to use estimating software in this field. Must also have ability to operateand utilize CADD applications.LICENSES, CERTIFICATES, OR REGISTRATIONSMust have Florida driver's license; Lone Roadway Workers Safety certification, and 49 CFR 213.7 A & B requirements.PHYSICAL DEMANDS. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus.
