Title:

Engineer Quality Control Inspector - KuwaitThe Prepositioning and Marine Corps Logistics Services (P&MCLS) program is based in Jacksonville, Florida. We provide maintenance and logistics services to the U.S. Marine Corps (USMC) and U.S. Navy. We are seeking a Engineer Quality Control Inspector for our Kuwait location. Position Responsibilities: Inspects maintenance activities such as handling, storing, servicing and repairing of USMC Engineering equipment assigned to the Marine Expeditionary Unit Augmentation Program. · Responsible for conducting quality control inspections on all USMC Engineer equipment. · Responsible for collecting and analyzing data to make decisions that improve maintenance quality, performance, and customer satisfaction. · Analyze and display data to allow decision making based on maintenance history and quality performance data. · Monitors the activities of all personnel engaged in the input, receipt, and dissemination of GCSS-MC, and related reports. · Use and interpret USMC MPR, DASF and readiness reports to identify maintenance status, trends and process deficiencies. · Coordinates with supervisors to ascertain compatibility of procedures among various organizations or branches engaged in maintenance support activities and to ensure a close integration of operations. · Coordinates with management to train employees on the techniques and tools to identify, analyze, and lead efforts to solve problems and to provide improved customer satisfaction. · Conducts classes on maintenance management subjects. · Identify opportunities for process improvements. Establish and lead teams to work process improvement initiatives. Document team progress. · Collect, monitor, display, interpret, and communicate process metrics to senior management team. Achieve quality performanceand productivity goals. · Coordinate and conduct Joint Limited Technical Inspections along with Stock List - 3 (SL-3) inventories for the issuing and recovery of designated Engineer systems. This includes post recovery reporting of equipment condition and cost to repair or replace items to a Ready For Issue acceptable material readiness status. · Performs other related duties as assigned.

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

40
