Overview


Technology is constantly changing and our adversaries are digitally exceeding law enforcement’s ability to keep pace. Those charged with protecting the United States are not always able to access the evidence needed to prosecute crime and prevent terrorism. The Government has trusted in Peraton to provide the technical ability, tools, and resources to bring criminals to justice. In response to this challenge, these employees provide proven, industry leading cloud development experience for our enforcement customer. At Peraton you will help protect our national security by working with our countries law enforcement customer to solve their big data challenges. Peraton is looking for a talented Data Scientist, to analyzing production data which will lead to the program choosing right-fit technology solutions.

Responsibilities


What you’ll do…
Work closely with entity resolution subject matter experts, program engineers and stakeholders to integrate complex data sources into operation and develop new analytics and algorithms
Support advanced data exploitation capabilities using Hadoop related technologies
Enhance the data processing infrastructure using open source and commercial technologies
Capture and define requirements for entity resolution features and functionality from a UI end-user perspective
Analyze documentation and source data of new data feeds
Provide O&M monitoring and resolution of production web services using monitoring tools including Ganglia, Jenkins, and other means
Modify pipeline scripts to enhance functionality and support bug fixes
Resolve bugs by modifying pipeline scripts and entity resolution explanation service scripts
Coordinate development efforts in an agile team
Qualifications


You’d be a great fit if…
You have a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or other related analytical, scientific, or technical discipline. Equivalent experience may be considered in lieu of degree.
Have 10 years of experience with scripting languages, such as Python, used in support of development and production operations.
Have 10 years of experience analyzing and reporting on large datasets .
It’d be even better if you…
Experience with designing and implementing custom machine learning algorithms.
Experience with graph algorithms and semantic Web.
Experience with using SQL to conduct complex database queries.
Knowledge of descriptive and inferential statistics, including hypothesis testing.
Ability to apply supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms for clustering, classification, and dimensionality reduction.
Ability to communicate information in verbal or written formats to a senior executive audience.
Knowledge of commercial Cloud services used by the IC.
Experience with using Apache Spark to aggregate and analyze large data sets from various sources.
What you’ll get…
An immediately-vested 401(K) with employer matching
Rapid PTO accrual schedule with floating holidays
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision coverage
Tuition assistance, financing, and refinancing
Paid maternity and paternity leave
Company-paid infertility treatments
Cross-training and professional development opportunities
The ability to influence major initiatives
SECURITY CLEARANCE This position requires the candidate to have an active Top Secret security clearance and ability to maintain the clearance.

About Peraton


At Peraton, we’re at the forefront of delivering the next breakthrough in national security, every day. We’re the partner of choice to help solve some of the world’s most daunting challenges. How? By thinking differently. We’re not mired in the past. We look at all problems with fresh eyes. We look past the obvious to bring the best talent, tech, and ideas together to completely transform how problems are solved. So bring your unique ideas, your entrepreneurial spirit, and your drive to succeed. Get ready to be part of something bigger. Get ready to do the can’t be done.

EEO Statement


We are an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, national origin, ancestry, ethnicity, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, citizenship status, or membership in any other group protected by federal, state, or local law.
