Description Our client is looking to add a strong PERL Engineer to their team in Jacksonville, FL. Our client is already recognized as the leader in website security providing solutions to protect companies' web presence from malware and other threats. Our client is also ranked a "best place to work" by the Business Journal and recently rated "best of cool" for their culture. Senior Perl Developer Position Requirements -5 years or more of experience developing, implementing, and working with software. -Abilities in all or a majority of the following languagestechnologiesplatforms Linux (must) Perl PHP JavaScript, AJAX MySQL or equivalent database (must) The ability to learn about the code by reading it The ability to identify solutions to problems Knowledge of the shared web-hosting world Knowledge of application vulnerabilities and malware Knowledge of web application security best practices Must have the desire to work for an entrepreneurial company and embrace an entrepreneurial culture Benefits include Medical, dental, and vision benefits 15 days of PTO and 7 paid holidays 401K program Company-paid life insurance Short and long term disability coverage Fun team building events and activities Free food - catered breakfast on Monday, lunch on Friday and snacks New hire training and ongoing learning opportunities Career growth opportunities For fastest response email mike.russorht.com Requirements -5 years or more of experience developing, implementing, and working with software. -Abilities in all or a majority of the following languagestechnologiesplatforms Linux (must) Perl PHP JavaScript, AJAX MySQL or equivalent database (must) The ability to learn about the code by reading it The ability to identify solutions to problems Knowledge of the shared web-hosting world Knowledge of application vulnerabilities and malware Knowledge of web application security best practices Must have the desire to work for an entrepreneurial company and embrace an entrepreneurial culture For fastest response email mike.russorht.com Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
