Job Description
ON BOARD SERVICES
Hiring a Contract Data Architect ll
Duration: 6 months
Client Location: Jacksonville, FL
Work Schedule: 8:00 – 4:30
Pay Rate: $40.00 -$48.00/Hourly DOE
Benefits: ACA Compliant Medical Insurance

Summary: Engineer with light analytical background. Enables the core infrastructure needed by the Business Analysts and Data Scientists to perform analytics. Partners with the enterprise IT to fill the data and tool gaps. Ability to work in a fast paced environment and adapt to changing requirements.

Qualifications:
3-5 years’ experience with MS SQL. 2 years SSIS experience.
Extensive knowledge of Business Systems Management, Project Management, Budget and Human Resource Management, Business Intelligence / Data Warehouse technologies such as Informatica, ERWin and PL-SQL
Strong troubleshooting skills, able to debug production code with limited guidance.
Self-starter, able to work with limited supervision and see tasks through to completion. Proficiency to create and support database technical environments.
Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of customer satisfaction for internal and external customers.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization (e.g., executive, management, individual contributors).
Willingly shares relevant technical and/or industry knowledge and expertise to other resources. Excellent decision-making, problem-solving, team, and time management skills.
Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas.
Ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed.
Bachelor's Degree; advanced degree preferred
Responsibilities:
Ability to build, update, and scale large datasets. Write queries to automate production tasks. Responsible for health and hygiene of non-IT managed data. Consume business requirements and develops the data, database specifications, tables and element attributes to support. Models databases and develops tables, stored procedures, views, and other database objects. Maintains database dictionaries, monitors overall database standards and procedures, and integrates systems through database design. Works closely with other developers to integrate databases with other applications. May provide leadership and/or guidance to other technical professionals. Performs other related duties as assigned.

**Candidates must complete background and drug screenings before starting any assignment.

The On-Board Family of Companies conducts operations through its Corporate Headquarters located in East Windsor, NJ along with Regional Offices in New Castle, DE and Wake Forest, NC.
On-Board Services provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics

Company Description
On-Board was founded in 1976 by Robert L. Wilson to provide Engineering and Design services to the chemical manufacturing industry. Today, On-Board is a thriving privately held family of companies with services including: Consulting, Professional Engineering, Industrial Maintenance and Facility Management, Contracted Manufacturing and Production Services, as well as Temporary Staffing and Recruiting throughout North America.

One of the unique aspects of On-Board is our ability to customize solutions with each of the complimentary business verticals to satisfy our partners goals including Total Solutions.
