Job Title IT - Infrastructure Design Support - Network Engineer Location Jacksonville, Florida Duration 6 months Note - U.S. Citizens, s, and those authorized to work in the U.S. for any employer will be considered. - We are unable to sponsor or transfer visas at this time. Job Description We are looking for a Network Engineer who will be responsible for maintaining and administering our company's computer networks. Your primary duties will include maintenance of computer networks, hardware, software, and other related systems, performing disaster recovery operations, protecting data, software, and hardware from attacks, and replacing faulty network hardware components when necessary. You will also be working closely with the users of our network in order to identify potential issues and fix existing problems. To be a successful candidate, you will need to have a strong understanding of network infrastructure and network hardware. You will also need to be able to implement, administer, and troubleshoot network devices including WAPs, firewalls, routers, switches, and controllers. A deep knowledge of application transport and network infrastructure protocols is highly desired. Network Engineer Responsibilities bull Maintaining and administering computer networks and related computing environments including systems software, applications software, hardware, and configurations. bull Performing disaster recovery operations and data backups when required. bull Protecting data, software, and hardware by coordinating, planning and implementing network security measures. bull Troubleshooting, diagnosing and resolving hardware, software, and other network and system problems. bull Replacing faulty network hardware components when required. bull Maintaining, configuring, and monitoring virus protection software and email applications. bull Configuring and installing various network devices and services (e.g., routers, switches, firewalls, load balancers, VPN, QoS) bull Monitoring network performance to determine if adjustments need to be made. bull Conferring with network users about solving existing system problems. bull Operating master consoles to monitor the performance of networks and computer systems. bull Coordinating computer network access and use. bull Designing, configuring and testing networking software, computer hardware, and operating system software. bull Perform network maintenance and system upgrades including service packs, patches, hot fixes and security configurations bull Monitor performance and ensure system availability and reliability bull Monitor system resource utilization, trending, and capacity planning bull Provide Level-23 support and troubleshooting to resolve issues bull Work within established configuration and change management policies to ensure awareness, approval and success of changes made to the network infrastructure bull Select and implement security tools, policies, and procedures in conjunction with the companyrsquos security team Network Engineer Requirements bull Bachelorrsquos degree in information technology or a related field of study with a network engineering focus or relevant work experience. bull CCNP or higher (CCIE andor CISSP highly valued) bull 3-5 years network engineer experience bull Understanding of network architecture bull Deep understanding of networking protocols (e.g., IPSEC, HSRP, BGP, OSPF, 802.11, QoS) bull Solid understanding of the OSI or TCPIP model bull Hands-on experience with monitoring, network diagnostic and network analytics tools bull Strong understanding of network infrastructure and network hardware. bull Ability to think through problems and visualize solutions. bull Ability to implement, administer, and troubleshoot network infrastructure devices, including wireless access points, firewall, routers, switches, controllers. bull Knowledge of application transport and network infrastructure protocols. bull Ability to create accurate network diagrams and documentation for design and planning network communication systems. bull Extensive experience with capturing network traffic as necessary and deep packet inspection and protocol analysis. bull SD WAN experience bull Nexus 5k,7k, and 9k experience bull Advanced skills with deep packet inspection and protocol analysis. bull Provides specific detailed information for hardware and software selection. bull Ability to quickly learn new or unfamiliar technology and products using documentation and internet resources. bull Ability to work with all levels of staff within and outside of IT and outside the organization. bull A self-starter able to work independently but comfortable working in a team environment. bull Good analytical and problem-solving skills. bull Dependable and flexible when necessary. bull Network security experience. bull LAN and WAN experience.
