U.S. Citizens, Green Card Holders, and those authorized to work in the U.S. for any employer will be considered.Job Title: Systems Engineer-Site-minder
Location: Jacksonville, FL
Duration: Long Term

Job Description

IT Systems Engineers are responsible for monitoring, installation, configuration, administration, troubleshooting and maintenance of technology solutions. IT Systems Engineers provide technical support, troubleshoot problem and perform scripting/programming to ensure stable and efficient operation of technology solutions.

Essential functions:

Performs installation, monitoring, testing, configuration, migration, maintenance and troubleshooting of assigned technology
Manages system/application environment and ongoing operations
Ensures that the technologies are updated with current, stable, and compliant architecture and applications that meet enterprise standards
Researches, designs, implements and tests technology solutions
Proactively monitors and reports performance and utilization of assigned technologies
Troubleshoots software and/or hardware issues/failures
Resolves alerts and performs remediation activities
Manages problem or escalated tickets and tasks and out of cycle requests from systems/software owners
Collects and presents data for reporting and planning
Assists with developing tactical strategies, processes and procedures related to systems/application administration
Determines migration and upgrade impacts and diagnose/resolve complex technology/application errors
Collaborates with IT and business area partners on work groups and initiatives
Determines best course of action for meeting business needs
May provide input into infrastructure architecture designs
Writes programming/scripting
May participate in Disaster Recovery planning and exercises
Ensures execution and alignment to architectural standards and blueprints.
May contribute input to infrastructure architecture
Performs on-call activities as needed for the environment and technologies

Requirements:

Must have at least 3 years of extensive experience administering Siteminder products, including SPS.
Must have at least 3 years of extensive hands on experience administering Forgerock.
Must have extensive knowledge in setting up policies, JWT infrastructure, SSO channels for both web applications as well as inter-service calls.
Must have had successfully completed at least 3 major upgrades of Siteminder and Forgerock.
Must have experience with Windows and UNIX server environments.
Must have working knowledge of writing Ansible playbooks and setting up Ansible environment to connect to multi-OS endpoints to perform remote agent management.
Must be well versed with IT security, cryptography, AAA, JWT, OAuth and other related concepts and technologies.
Extensive working knowledge of multiple technologies and their interfaces and integration
Competent working in one or more environments highly integrated with an operating system.
Extensive experience implementing and administering/managing technical solutions in major, large-scale system implementations
High critical thinking skills to evaluate alternatives and present solutions that are consistent with business objectives and strategy.
Ability to manage tasks independently and take ownership of responsibilities
Ability to learn from mistakes and apply constructive feedback to improve performance
Ability to communicate technical information clearly and articulately
Ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment
Experience analyzing business requirements and translating them into technical solutions
Experience using agile methodology

Required Experience:

5-8 years of related work experience or equivalent combination of transferable experience demonstrating proficiency and experience in design, implementation, monitoring and troubleshooting technology

Required Education:

Related Bachelor's degree in an IT related field or relevant work experience

Must have exp securing legacy web applications & applications deployed in Open Shift environments

MUST have hands on working knowledge of: Multi-factor Authentification, OAuth, SAML, Open ID Connect and JWT (JSON Web Token).

Able to write Power shell & Python scripts for scratch
