Description The Senior Telecomm/Voice Engineer is responsible for designing and implementing all or part of the organization's complex telecommunications infrastructure in line with pre-identified business needs and requirements. The Senior Telecomm/Voice Engineer work assignments involve moderately complex to complex issues where the analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation of variable factors. Responsibilities This role is responsible for supporting and administering existing Avaya contact center technology, as well as for designing and implementing new solutions in support of enterprise level contact centers. The primary focus is to engineer and support the Avaya systems and direct manage Avaya service partners for addressing any maintenance and support activity that insures system stability. This includes responsibility for design, implementation, configuration, daily operation and upgrading of core Avaya Aura Products including: System Manager, Session Manager, Communications Manager, Media Server, Voice Gateways, Application Enablement (AES), Avaya Experience Portal. Develop and implement call routing plans, vectors, VDNs, IVR scripts. Alternate technical focus may be on Oracle Session Border Controllers, SIP infrastructure, and the telecommunications aspects of the Contact Center environment. This position makes recommendations for resources required to maintain and/or expand service levels required to ensure the successful operation of the enterprise contact center systems. This individual will work independently and as part of the team to perform engineering duties including but not limited to design and deployment of new technology in the area of IP Telecommunication systems, specifically for the enterprise contact center solutions. Perform other duties as assigned Essential Functions: + Takes charge of the telecom platforms and leads the direction on best practices for supporting a SIP infrastructure. + Sets standards and direction for the Avaya platform. + Troubleshoots Avaya issues including P1 and P2 events. + Work collaboratively with business partners, vendors, and internal technical teams to design and implement new IP Telephony solutions in our enterprise contact centers. + Serve as the technical lead on projects of all scopes by developing design documentation, coordinating system changes, and executing configuration changes in the area of contact center systems. + Serve as the subject matter expert to set technical direction and give operational guidance to operational support teams. + Develop technical standards, defines operational processes, write configuration "best practices" for contact center telecommunication and collaboration infrastructure. + Avaya Engineer for projects planning activities to align with project deliverables and deadlines. + Analyze system and application data to ensure system stability and improve system performance. + Provide recommendations for remediation of issues + Identify and prioritize the deliverables of platform components; participate and recommend the technical direction of the platform, and influence how project teams in departments develop and support dependent applications. Communication Skills: + Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information of the platform in a clear and concise manner to executives and non-technical leaders. + Must have excellent presentation skills to wide spectrum of audience types (Sr. Executives to Technical Architects). Mathematical Skills: + Strong technical aptitude, along with analytical skills Reasoning Ability: Must be abl to work independently with minimal supervision. Qualifications: Education/Experience: + Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and/or Engineering. Equivalent education and experience will be accepted in lieu of a Bachelor's degree. + Strongest candidates will have skills and experience in both Avaya and IP infrastructure engineering, but a focus on one or the other is acceptable. + Experience for Avaya Focus includes: + 7+ years Avaya experience with a SIP background, Avaya Session Manager and VOIP QOS etc. + 7+ years' experience in an operations role supporting IP based voice systems and design and engineering capacity in a large scale contact center environment + 7+ years of experience in designing systems/applications with high level of complexity, including interfaces, multiple packages, and platforms + Advanced working knowledge of Avaya contact center technologies, understanding of VoIP/IPT technology from a design, implementation and support perspective. + Proven experience in Avaya IP Telephony solutions (CM v.7, Session Manager, Systems Manager, Experience Portal, Best Services Routing, etc.). + Experience with integrating call recording systems and other contact center technologies. + Session Manager programming and Entity link building a plus. + Experience with Breeze, Virsae tool, IP Toll Free a plus Experience for Oracle/SIP focus includes: + 7+ years experience and advanced working knowledge of Telco service provisioning/implementation process, SIP Trunking and Session Border Controllers and knowledge of TCP/IP packet flows. + Experience with Oracle EOM and demonstrable skills in managing, retrieving and analyzing data for the EOM. + + Both technical focuses: + Experience in working in managed service environment and directing a managed service vendor. + Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information of the platform in a clear and concise manner to executives and non-technical leaders. + Must have excellent presentation skills to wide spectrum of audience types (Sr. Executives to Technical Architects) + Strong technical aptitude, along with analytical skills + Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision. Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 About Us Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance. Humana Safety and Security Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
