Software Engineer
flexEngage (formerly flexReceipts) is an innovative, retail technology startup based in Orlando,
Florida. The company is a graduate of the prestigious business accelerator YCombinator and is well funded by strong VC firms, including Point Judith Capital, Synchrony Financial, and venVelo.

We are growing and are seeking an innovative Software Engineer that can help push the envelope with our product. We are looking for a motivated full stack developer who is passionate about building products that solve true customer needs. As a developer on our dynamic and driven team, you will be responsible for the delivery of new products and enhancing our existing applications. The position reports to the VP of Engineering and will work very closely with the company’s co-Founders.
Backend development is primarily done in Java but, we believe in using the right tool for the job and are open to alternatives.

COMPANY BACKGROUND flexEngage helps retailers transform standard transactional communications (receipts, order and ship notifications, packing slips, etc.) into dynamic, personalized engagement channels that drive loyalty and revenue. The company powers the transactional communications for retailers including
Michael Kors, Under Armour, Aldo, GNC and Oakley. Rather than sending customers standard transaction information, flexEngage enhances every post-purchase touchpoint with deep personalization enabling a seamless brand experience, improved engagement with shoppers and incremental sales.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Tasks include, but are not limited to:
Execute full software development lifecycle (SDLC).
Develop flowcharts, layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions.
Determine operational feasibility by evaluating problem definition. requirements, solution development, and proposed solutions.
Write well-designed, testable code.
Create MVP's or POC, if necessary, to evaluate and measure new technologies.
Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility.
Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures.
Document and maintain software functionality.
Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback.
REQUIRED SKILLS
Capable of building high-availability/low latency web applications and services.
Follows good software development practices (e.g. version control, TDD, peer reviews).
A problem solver and quick learner.
Detail oriented and organized.
QUALIFICATIONS
5+ Years of software development experience.
Excellent Java (or proficient in a similar language) development skills.
2+ years of applying Spring components: Core, Boot, Data, MVC.
Strong experience with HTML, JavaScript, CSS, relational databases, and Linux.
Skilled at building web services (i.e. REST, SOAP).
PREFERRED SKILLS
Experience with various NoSQL databases (e.g. key/value, columnar, etc)
Worked with Pub/Sub messaging (e.g. AMPQ, JMS).
DevOps experience; particularly CI/CD and cloud infrastructure automation.
Working knowledge of Docker and container management systems like Kubernetes.
Familiar with Microservices architecture.
Experience with distributed data processing (batch/real-time).
Experience in the AWS platform.
CHARACTER TRAITS
Enthusiastic and has a positive attitude
Possess a strong work ethic.
Collaborative; receptive to feedback and expresses opinions candidly.
Thrives in a fast-paced environment.
Works well independently.
Has a sense of urgency.
Driven and self-motivated.
COMPENSATION flexEngage offers a competitive compensation plan in line with the candidate’s experience and ability to drive results at target retailers. Compensation consists of an annual base salary, accelerators, stock options, 401k match, and health benefits, unlimited PTO, flexible/remote schedules.

WHY YOU’LL LOVE WORKING WITH US
Career mentorship
Passionate founders
Opportunity to create something – be part of an early stage startup in a fun industry
Opportunity to make a difference – your work will truly matter
Great personal upside potential – in learning, earnings, and future exit potential
Your voice will matter!
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Experience:
AWS: 3 years (Required)
Spring: 3 years (Required)
Java and/or Kotlin Development: 5 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Jacksonville, FL (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Bonuses
Other forms
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
Flexible schedule
Relocation assistance
