Job Description
We have an immediate opportunity with one of our clients. Please find the below job description and if you are interested, please forward your resume to rahul@7kingscode.com. You can also reach me at (954)399-4637.

Job role: Lead Software Engineer - .Net / DevOps

[DevOps, .Net/C#, Restful API, Oracle/SQL, PING, Architecture]

Location: Miamisburg Ohio or Jacksonville Fl.

Duration: Long Term

Job description: -

Supplier Notes:

Manager Notes

Additional experience required.
Architectural/ design patterns (mocking / SOLID) - firm grasp of object-oriented design principals
Dependency Injection creating code for objects that interact with other objects
Matt is the HM

This is a .Net development position with restful API development services
This resource will see not only development, but architectural type work as well so really needing experience with both
Overall "project" is more perpetual work/business as usual
It is for the home lending enterprise of the bank
There is standing up new architecture on the .Net side, and are pivoting from IIB to .Net, but there is no start and end date to this
It is mostly just back log of work
The resource needs experience in previously working in a leadership role
This particular one will not be a role with like direct HR reports, but they will be helping lead the team
They will need to use previous experience and their maturity with a lot of technologies to help design new solutions, create better practices, how to revise codes, etc.
This team does not have the experience with this .net so they will have to step up and really start helping bring them up to speed
The bank is expanding and evolving into MongoDB and Kafka
Both technologies are used for proof on concepts
These are in the infancy stages for the whole bank, but knows not for the rest of the world. If you run across potential candidates with this type of experience in that space, that is a huge plus.
Moving towards DevOps for production
Another skillset they are looking for
Agile space
Someone with experience in agile is a plus, but this is easy to adapt to. The HM is not worried or thinks it is a reason to look the other way if they do not have this.
The current team has 6 people right now
They handle authentication internally within PNC
Online banking calls this team/application, asks for mortgage data in real time, they take care of the process.
Split between full time and contractors. They are looking for the right candidate to flip over and convert into a FTE
The team is flexible with hours as well as working from home on occasion with business casual attire.
Locations are set for Miamisburg OH or Jacksonville, FL
This is where the staff is split between
It can be negotiable if they cannot find the right talent after all resumes have been reviewed
If that happens other cities to be considered will be: Pittsburgh, Cleveland, maybe Chicago
Top must-have skills / Candidate Requirements: Backend
Hands on experience
Lead experience- 5 years
DevOps- OpenShift
.Net/ C#
Restful API
Oracle/ SQL
Authentication- PING
Architecture 75%
Architectural/ design patterns (mocking / SOLID) - firm grasp of object-oriented design principals
Dependency Injection creating code for objects that interact with other objects
Nice to Have:
Kafka
Mongo DB
Years of overall experience required:
8+ years
