Our ideal professional will possess a minimum of 3 years of CAD Drafting experience and a minimum of 3 years of Engineering experience. We are looking for a highly driven individual that will process production and customer drawing orders and other data from internal and external customers. We use AutoCAD and Solidworks software. This position will work closely with shop floor personnel in a support role, so good communication skills and a willingness to work with others is a must.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES
Review customer drawings, specifications or instructions from team members, supervisors, engineering, customer service
Maintain required productivity and quality per departmental priorities and standards
Be able to troubleshoot and problem solve
Be able to read, interpret and understand technical drawings and geometric dimensions and tolerance callouts
Be computer literate and have ability to draw parts in CAD/CAM applications
Ability to read and interpret blueprints, drawings and quality specs.
Perform in process inspection to verify measurements and specifications.
Must perform work in a timely manner with respect to schedule and quality standards.
Ability to multi-task in a fast paced manufacturing environment and does so with minimal supervision.
We are looking for an experienced individual with a motivated self-starter attitude and the ability to perform well independently and as part of a team.
QUALIFICATIONS
Successful candidates will typically have the following skill set:
Experience with Geometric dimensioning and tolerancing (GD&T);
Experience in AutoCad and SolidWorks and FEA analysis;
Capable user of MS Word and MS Excel
REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 3 years experience in using AutoCAD and Solid Works software or similar
Minimum 3 years experience in Engineering field
A bachelors degree in engineering strongly preferred
A basic understanding of mathematics and technical skills in computer aided drafting
Solid foundation of knowledge and experience with production and engineering
OTHER DUTIES

Please note this job description is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, duties, and requirements for employees in this position. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice. The incumbent is responsible for performing all duties in a safe and efficient manner in compliance with safe work procedures and safety regulations

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $50,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
SolidWorks: 3 years (Required)
Engineering: 3 years (Required)
Basic Computer Skills: 3 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.bfxfire.com
Work Remotely:
No
