Description Robert Half Technology IT SEARCH is looking for senior developers who are technologists. We prefer those who can show us a degree from a prestigious academic entity but will be ecstatic to represent a passionate self-taught engineer who is motivated by solving business problems through technology that create a revenue generating impact. Yes, you will touch VB.Net. You will also work in Azure and design solutions from the data layer to the UI. You are the QA team. There are no DBA's. The team does a stand up every morning but may meet 5 more times if needed. Maybe not at all. You do need to know SQL. Your character and past decisions are important. When it comes to solving problems your approach and thought process are paramount to the answer. There is no remote work, but you will be treated as a human should be and will be well respected. Your family will not come 2nd. This is not a job opportunity. This is the chance to join a family who has been developing custom software solutions growing businesses for over 20 years. Culture bullCollaborative bullSolutions minded bullResults oriented bullCEO puts his people 1 Performance management bullNo formal reviews. Everything is transparent. You will know where you stand. Benefits bullBCBS policy 100 paid for covering the entire family (no dental) bull3 weeks off with an ongoing opportunity to earn more days based on extra hours completed bullMonthly profit sharing bull3 match 401k What makes someone successful? bullClean code bullAsks questions bullTakes initiative bullHumble bullEffective communication bullGives their best every day bullStays on top of their game outside of work bullDoesn't punch a clock If interested in partnering with a 10+ year recruiter who manages their clients directly, understands technology and won't waste your time please email me directly at michael.russorht.com. Requirements A working knowledge ASP.NET, VB.NET andor C, and Transact-SQL. Ability to develop stored proceduresfunctions for MS SQL Server. Experience creating efficient browser-based user interfaces and workflow using HTML5, jQuery, and XML Experience with SQL Server Reporting Services and Integration Services is a plus. Must be able to work in a team environment or independently and take project ownership and initiative. Excellent command of English language (both written and verbal). Proven ability to understand a customer's needs. 5 Years of professional experience. BS in Computer Science or Engineering is preferred. TECHNOLOGY REQUIRED Microsoft Product Development Stack VB.NET andor C Visual Studio SQL Server SQL Server Reporting Services HTML5 jQuery Bootstrap XML Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
