To provide Reliability and Test Engineering support to NPI, Development, forward and reverse logistics, and testing of telecom related product ranges, to ensure production targets are met to agree timing, efficiency, cost and quality requirements are achieved. Responsible for determining most effective ways to test a product or service. Develops ways to increase productivity, maximize efficiency, and manage human and equipment capital more effectively. The ideal candidate will have a strong background working with technical customer liaisons, New Product Introductions, Quality, Six Sigma, Quality Systems, Statistical Process Control as well as production management, operations managers, and operators in a telecom production environment. The candidate will have experience with both hardware and software testing and integration methodologies and will be involved in verifying / certifying all aspects of a telecom-grade, fault-tolerant, highly available, hardware and software solution.

Works with project engineering to ensure the reliability and maintainability of new and modified consumer products. The role is responsible for adhering to the life cycle asset management (LCAM) process throughout the entire life cycle of new assets.
Participates in the development of design and installation specifications along with commissioning plans. Participates in the development of criteria for and evaluation of equipment and technical suppliers and technical maintenance service providers. Develops acceptance tests and inspection criteria.
Participates in the final check-out of new installations. This includes factory and site acceptance testing that will assure adherence to functional specifications.
Guides efforts to ensure product reliability and maintainability of telecom equipment, processes, utilities, facilities, controls.
Professionally and systematically defines, designs, develops, monitors and refines an asset maintenance plan that includes:
Value-added preventive maintenance tasks
Effective utilization of predictive and other non-destructive testing methodologies designed to identify and isolate inherent reliability problems. (Functional, RF, xRF, CPI, Water testing) others)
Effective utilization/development of destructive testing solutions. (tear down, drop test, submersion, tumble, others)
Provides input to a risk management plan that will anticipate reliability-related and non-reliability-related risks that could adversely impact plant operations.
Develops engineering solutions to repetitive failures and all other problems that adversely affect plant operations. These problems include capacity, quality, cost or regulatory compliance issues, utilizing Six Sigma (6σ) methodology (SPC, RCA, CPK etc).
Works with Production to perform analyses of assets including:
Asset utilization
Overall equipment effectiveness
Remaining useful life
Other parameters that define operating condition, reliability and costs of assets
Provides technical support to production, maintenance management and technical personnel.
Applies value analysis to repair/replace, repair/redesign and make/buy decisions.
Secondary Tasks:
Designs portions of procedures and area processes for both in-house use (Factory Acceptance and Engineering development).
Working with the program team, may interface with the customer including providing inputs to technical presentations, telecoms, formal reviews, etc.
Provides technical support to other process disciplines and production personnel for release of new production programs and procedures. Assists in the transition from development to standardize production methods.
Participates in equipment maintenance procedures, and repair of equipment and systems in factory and field installation procedures.
Prepares engineering changes, status reports, as required.

Requirements:
Education:
Accredited College Degree in Electrical Engineering, Electromechanical Engineering, Product Design or Product Management or the equivalent
Training:
OTJ training, previous years of experience
Skills:
The candidate should have strong written skills with core technical competencies in carrier-grade hardware requirements, mobile communication protocols.
The candidate must be a self-starter with the capacity/desire to be a team-lead on various projects.
A good understanding of measurement and engineering principles, and equipment.
A good understanding of Industrial Engineering principles and process knowledge would be a need.
Ability to manage customer engineering interface and variant control.
Efficient at writing work instructions, technical dialog and English as a speaking language in Work Instruction Development.
Microsoft Word, Excel, Power-point, Visio, Project all necessary to manage objectives.
Provides peer review in production environment and optimization projects.
Provide inputs to metrics for reporting to Project Engineering Management as well as Corporate Management. This may include Technical Performance data, defects, etc.
AutoCad or equivalent a plus.
Experience:
Candidate should have experience with both hardware and software integration and testing methodologies and will be involved in verifying, certifying all aspects of a telecom-grade, fault-tolerate, highly available, hardware and software solution.
Telecom LTE, WCDMA, GSM level of qualifications or equivalent.
Production Line and process experience.
7 or more years’ experience as a telecom technician or Engineer.
5 or more years’ experience with telecom carrier-grade software-hardware testing.
Telecommunications/Telephony/SS7 experience is required.
Business to Business Services.
Accredited Service Provider and Reverse Logistics a plus.
Desired Skills:
Line Layouts
Line balancing
Time Studies
Gauge R&R
Process Control Plans, PFMEA, FMEA
Management and Customer Support Experience
Experience with all Telecom OEM a plus
Black Belt in 6S a big plus
Desired Traits:
Self Started
Motivated
Ready to make a difference
