Position Description

The ERP Business Analyst provides insight, guidance and recommendations to identify design enhancements and systems configuration opportunities to improve the utilization of the various ERP modules/applications. The nature of this work requires an individual whose background combines business expertise and business management skills with an understanding of information technology, and knowledge of the assigned enterprise-wide software and modules.

Primary duties of this position include:
Business systems analysis, project management, workflow analysis, and technical communications.
Provides project coordination, functional expertise, and contributes to improvements and enhancements for mission-critical, enterprise-wide information systems.
Must have problem solving and analytical skills, as well as the ability to communicate information to both technical and non-technical users will be key.
Must have an ability to manage multiple tasks, respond quickly to emergent problems, and to focus both on long-range projects and immediate tasks required to maintain system functionality.
Must have a full understanding of the ERP systems life cycle and be able to guide the team through full SDLC lifecycle of planning, design, development, testing, implementing, maintaining and supporting application software that is delivered on time and within budget.
Serves as a liaison to the technical resources to manage the development of new system functionality, upgrades, system modifications, and day-to-day problem analysis, issue tracking, and resolution.
Maintains effective communication (Oral & Written) between product owner and IT to ensure customer satisfaction.
Clearly understands objectives set by the executive team (stakeholders), then coordinate with their directors and our IT implementation team to construct detailed requirements which will meet those objectives.
Facilitates planning and design sessions to clearly document the functional requirements that comply with organization standards to obtain a scope sign off from the directors/product owner(s) effected
Collaborates and facilitates product demos / UAT sessions to ensure customer needs are met prior to deployment.
Analyzes impact of patches and development work on existing functionality/customizations and coordinate their migration to the production system as appropriate
Works with technical resources to develop, test and document software necessary to implement the requested solution
Assists in issue resolution and in the determination of business solutions
Manages small to medium projects involving the various business functions
Directs and coordinates work of others to develop, test, install and/or modify programs per requirements
Facilitates continuous process improvement opportunities
Provides alternative options for any client requests
Ensures adherence to Methodology, IT Controls, and Quality Standards
Ensures proper testing of developed solution is completed
Conducts end user training when needed and prepare user documentation
Prepares or coordinates the preparation of technical reports, simulations and instructional manuals to document systems development.
Harris County is an Equal Opportunity Employer
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/EqualEmploymentOpportunityPlan.aspx
If you need special services or accommodations, please call (713) 274-5445 or email
ADACoordinator@bmd.hctx.net

Requirements
High school diploma, or G.E.D. equivalency from an accredited educational institution AND five (5) years of progressive work experience as a ERP business analyst AND experience with software development life cycle (Planning, Design, Development, Testing and implementation).
Additional Requirements:
Experience using PeopleSoft ERP application and knowledge of various modules (HR, Payroll, Purchasing and Finance).
Experience using Microsoft Office tools.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall projects.
Experience using Visio or similar tool.
Experience with Change Management practices.
Experience with systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies.
Experience with backlog management, along with creating detailed specifications from which programs will be written.
May have quality assurance responsibilities.
Ability to work independently.
Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills and be self-driven.
Must have strong reporting knowledge.
NOTE: To qualify for this position, required education, experience, knowledge and skills must be clearly stated on your application's employment history. Resumes are welcome, but we do not use any information provided on your resume to qualify and refer you to the Hiring Department for consideration.

NOTE:
Applicants for this position will be subject to a criminal background check that includes being fingerprinted. This applies to any position with network access to CJI (Criminal Justice Information) systems or access to an area where CJI is received, maintained or stored either manually or electronically (i.e. custodian, maintenance).

Automatic Disqualifiers:
Conviction, probation, or deferred adjudication for any Felony.
Conviction, probation, or deferred adjudication for any Class A Misdemeanor.
Conviction, probation, or deferred adjudication for a Class B Misdemeanor if within the previous 10 years.
Open arrest for any criminal offense (Felony or Misdemeanor).
Family Violence conviction.

Preferences
Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university.
PeopleSoft Certified.
Knowledge of HCM or FSCM modules in PeopleSoft.
Experience in PeopleSoft v9.2.
General Information

LOCATION:
Houston, TX
HOURS:
40 hours per week/ Monday - Friday.
Weekends and 24 on-call infrequently, as needed.
SALARY:
Depends on Qualifications
Based on 26 Pay Periods
Due to a high volume of applications positions may close prior to the advertised closing date.

BENEFITS
Harris County offers a competitive benefits program, including comprehensive group health and related benefits plan as well as defined benefit retirement plan.
The following list of benefits is offered only to employees in regular (full-time) positions:
Medical
Dental
Vision
Wellness
Life Insurance
Long-term disability
Employee Assistance Program
10 days of vacation each year for the first five (5) years of service. Accrual rates increase based on years of service.
10 county holidays plus one (1) floating holiday
Professional development opportunities
Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan
Healthcare Reimbursement Account
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
The following benefits are also available to regular (full-time) employment and may be available to part-time employees:
Retirement pension (TCDRS)
Flexible schedules (varies by department)
Transportation Assistance (Metro RideSponsor Program)

In accordance with the Harris County Personnel Regulations, Group Health and related benefits are subject to amendment or discontinuance at any time. Commissioners Court reserves the right to make benefit modifications on the County's behalf as needed.
For plan details, visit the Harris County benefits website:
https://hrrm.harriscountytx.gov/Pages/Medical.aspx

01

Which of the follow best describes your education as it relates to this position?
High school diploma, or G.E.D. equivalency from an accredited educational institution
Bachelors degree or higher
None of the above

02

Please describe your educational background including the level of education completed, area of study, and completed major and minor programs.

03

Which of the following best describe your progressive work experience as ERP business analyst?
Less than five years
Five years or more, but less than six
Six years or more, but less than seven
Seven years or more, but less than eight
Eight years or more
I do not have this experience

04

Please describe your progressive work experience as ERP business analyst.

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)

You may make reference to your employment history, but do not use "See Resume", as we do not use resumes for qualifications.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

05

Do you have experience with software development life cycle (Planning, Design, Development, Testing and implementation)?
Yes
No

06

Which of the following best describe your experience with software development life cycle (Planning, Design, Development, Testing and implementation)?
Less than six months
Six months are more but less than one year
One year or more, but less than two
Two years or more, but less than three
Three years or more, but less than four
Four years or more, but less than five
Five or more years
I do not have this experience

07

Please describe your experience with software development life cycle (Planning, Design, Development, Testing and implementation),

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)

You may make reference to your employment history, but do not use "See Resume", as we do not use resumes for qualifications.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

08

Do you have experience in any of the following?

Please select all that apply.

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)

You may make reference to your employment history, but do not use "See Resume", as we do not use resumes for qualifications.
Experience using PeopleSoft ERP application and knowledge of various modules (HR, Payroll, Purchasing and Finance).
Experience using PeopleSoft ERP.
Experience using Microsoft Office tools.
Experience with Agile and Waterfall projects.
Experience using Visio or similar tool.
Experience with Change Management practices.
Experience with systems analysis, design and a solid understanding of development, quality assurance and integration methodologies.
Experience with backlog management, along with creating detailed specifications from which programs will be written.
None of the above

09

Please briefly describe your experience to your selection choice to question #8.

(To be considered, qualifying experience must be documented on your application's employment history.)

You may make reference to your employment history, but do not use "See Resume", as we do not use resumes for qualifications.

If you do not have this experience, type "none" in the space provided.

10

Do you have a PeopleSoft Certificate?
Yes
No

11

Do you have knowledge of HCM or FSCM modules in PeopleSoft?
Yes
No

12

Do you have experience in PeopleSoft v9.2?
Yes
No

Required Question
