Category : IT/Networking/Hardware
Location/City : TX - Fort Worth
Id : 5703
Recruiter Email : ealbert@prgrecruiting.com
Job Type : Contract-to-Hire

SUMMARY:

The Network VoIP Engineer will be part of a high-energy, results driven team located in Fort Worth, TX. The ideal candidate will be a Cisco guru, and experienced in the following areas: Cisco Unified Communications, SIP, Cisco Call Manager, Unity, and Voice Gateways. The complex and varying nature of our work demands that the successful candidate have expert level skills in the above general areas.



RESPONSIBILITIES:
Establishes network specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements; designing router administration, including interface configuration and routing protocols.
Develop and oversee the adherence to maintenance and performance standards of data, voice or video network hardware and systems
Maintains network performance by performing network monitoring and analysis, and performance tuning; troubleshooting network problems; escalating problems to vendor.
Provides expert technical support and guidance on highly complex design issues to customers and less experienced personnel.
Researches and analyzes data or voice networking technologies to remain pro-active and current in the industry.
Troubleshoots highly complex data, voice or video network and hardware problems; researches and analyzes significant, complex network problems that require evaluation of intangibles, such as downstream effects on client satisfaction; assesses and evaluates current and future systems.
Researches and analyzes data or voice networking technologies to remain pro-active and current in the industry
Secures network by developing network access, monitoring, control, and evaluation; maintaining documentation.
Upgrades network by conferring with vendors; developing, testing, evaluating, and installing enhancements.
Meets financial requirements by submitting information for budgets; monitoring expenses.
Create and manage effective best practice risk management process including change management, access security, root cause analysis, etc. Define, document, deploy and execute these processes.
Provide effective technical interfaces to other areas of IT as required.
Level 2/Level 3 support as necessary. Communicate clearly technology issues, plans and solutions from both a business perspective and a technical perspective.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in CS/MIS/CIS/Engineering or equivalent experience and at least 5 years of experience in the field or in a related area
Industry certifications (CCNA, CCNP, CCNA Security) preferred
CISCO Call Manager experience required
VoIP (Hosted VoIP) and SIP technology knowledge is required
Experience with WAN, LAN, and related technologies
Demonstrated hands on experience with Active Directory and networking fundamentals (TCP/IP protocol, SMTP, DNS, DHCP and WINS)
Excellent oral and written communication skills, including the ability to read and process complex technical information.
Strong technical skills with the ability to work with minimum supervision
Excellent organizational and decision making skills
Preferred experience with Interpersonal skills to interact effectively with end-users, peers, managers and vendors
Sensitive to confidential information
Ability to pull and analyze data for helping drive continual operational improvement
Works independently and as a member of team
Able to travel up to 10% if required
***ADDITIONAL DETAILS***:
Position will be a 3 Month Contract-to-Hire; Immediate Need
Competitive compensation & benefits; hourly rate & salary conversion will be dependent on overall experience & skills
Excellent working environment; continued growth & advancement opportunities
ALL candidates MUST be able to pass a background check AND drug screen
