This customer is the world's largest manufacturer of wood and laminate lockers. They pride themselves in staying on the cutting edge of our industry – continually offering new designs and finish options and producing those using the most modern computer-controlled equipment.

Examples of successful clients have been the Dallas Cowboys, Texas Rangers, Dallas Mavericks, New Orleans Saints, TCU, UNT and more!

They are looking for a highly organized and detailed individual to join our fast-growing Information Technology department. The IT Data Engineer will work in tandem with the current App Integration Specialist to create analytics and automate reports for the 3 main business units: Sales, Operations and Manufacturing.

Top 3 skills:
) Power BI
) SQL DB (Optimization and performance tuning)
) Scripting using stored procedures

This customer offers a variety of perks including:
Benefits
Medical, Dental
401K
FREE COLLEGE tuition and books at North Lake College
Company-sponsored getaways (after three years of employment)
Monthly food trucks provide free lunch
Refreshments every day, including birthday cakes (everyone celebrates together!)
Company-sponsored activities: fantasy football league, K1 Racing Day, and more
Holiday celebrations and year-end Christmas party
Annual bonus based on team and company goals
This person will need to be a self-starter with a creative mindset. This person will need to be able to take a few directions and work independently without hesitation.

#ZR
Apply for this position:



Your Name:



Email Address:



Phone Number:


Upload Resume File:


Upload Resume File: …
Attach a resume file. Accepted file types are DOC, DOCX, PDF, HTML, and TXT.



By submitting this application, you give us permission to store your personal
information, and use it in the consideration of your fitness for the position,
including sharing it with the hiring firm.



People looking for jobs should not put anything here.

We are uploading your application. It may take few moments to read your resume. Please wait!
