Location: Arlington
Location: Stamford - 56 Top Gallant
Location: Maitland - 2301 Lucien
What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you'll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We're the world's leading research and advisory company, achieving consistent double-digit growth by steering clients toward the right decisions with business and technology insights they can't find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development - as well as unlimited growth opportunities. If you like working with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is the place for you.

Software Engineer

Gartner is looking for a software engineer to focus on the data engineering. This person will be a part of team supporting Gartner's client facing experience. This includes supporting both the gartner.com website as well as other engagement applications like email. The ideal candidate will have experience capturing, storing and processing both structured and unstructured data using different tools and technologies. In this position candidate will be working closely with Data Analysts and Data Scientists to gain insight on our client experience as well as build machine learning applications that improve those experiences.

Qualifications and Technical Skills
University degree in Bachelor of Engineering with 2+ years' experience or a Master's degree in CS with 1-2 years of experience in software development
Experience in developing application with Python or Java
Strong desire to improve upon their skills in software development, frameworks and technologies
Experience with version control tools (Git, Subversion)
Preferred Skills:
Experience with Big Data tools like AWS EMR
Experience with cloud-based platforms (AWS)
Operational Skills:
Should be able to interact well with both internal associates and external clients in resolving operational issues.
Must be able to provide accurate estimates of technology work and deliver high quality work on schedule
Identify systemic operational issues and resolve them
Job Requisition ID:46648

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.
