Description:

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics. Be More Than You Can Imagine.

Our customers include both the U.S. Military and international governments and organizations. Our global reach and technical depth offer an endless amount of opportunities for up-and-coming engineers seeking a place to make their mark or for seasoned engineers seeking their next career challenge. Join us and see where your Lockheed Martin Aeronautics journey will take you

This position reports to the Manager of Systems Engineering R&M/EEE - Mechanical on the F-35 program. The successful candidate will work as the Technical Lead in the Specialty Engineering for the Vehicle Systems Reliability and Maintainability organization. The candidate is responsible for Vehicle Systems Reliability and Maintainability Program efforts to improve Aircraft Mission Capable rates and ensuring effective interface with the Engineering Design, Specialty Engineering, and Sustainment organizations. The candidate will provide the required Reliability and Maintainability Engineering training, procedures, and guidance documents for the program product teams. The candidate will allocate requirements; assists suppliers/IPTs with understanding and meeting requirements. The candidate develops, manages, and adheres to budget and schedule plans and commitments.

A level 5 employee Typically has 14 - 20 years of professional experience.

Whats In It For You
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
• Medical
• Dental
• 401k
• Paid time off
• Work/life balance
• Career development
• Mentorship opportunities
• Rewards & recognition

Learn more about Lockheed Martins comprehensive benefits package here.

Fort Worth, TX
This position is in Fort Worth, TX Discover Fort Worth.

EngineeringAeronautics
Basic Qualifications:
Must be a US Citizen. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.
Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and/or Aeronautics Engineering degree with 15 years or more of professional experience
Experience recommending design using knowledge of reliability engineering and other technologies.
Experience advising and conferring with engineers in scheduled Review Meetings while reviewing reliability findings and recommendations.
Experience effectively managing the balance between the maintainability and logistical program requirements.
Experience with FRACAS database and the Reliability Center Maintenance Analysis (RCMA) and Level of Repair tools.
Desired Skills:
Knowledge of R&M F-35 Vehicle Systems Architecture and subsystems
Experience training and mentoring Engineers.
Experience briefing Leadership preparing conclusions and forecasts based on data summaries in a concise fashion for Leadership briefings.
Effective oral and written communication skills.
Ability to travel as needed.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
