At
Bell, thinking above and beyond is what we do best. For more than 80 years, we’ve
been reimagining the experience of flight – and where it can take us.

We
are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and to certify a
commercial helicopter. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and brought
advanced tiltrotor systems to market. And today, we’re defining the future of
on demand mobility.

This
position is responsible for providing metallic materials and process guidance
during rotorcraft development and production; and performing failure analysis
of rotorcraft components.

Responsibilities May
Include:
Providing
design guidance for material selection, process methods, and inspection
controls
Developing
and maintaining material and process specifications
Creating
test plans and technical reports
Production
support
Executing
failure analysis investigations of rotorcraft components
Qualifications

Bachelor’s
degree is required. Metallurgical or
Materials Science Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or closely related
Engineering discipline is strongly preferred.
Two years of experience in an engineering environment
Proficient
with Microsoft Office - Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Excellent
technical writing and communication skills.
Preferred: Familiar with metallurgical laboratory equipment, mechanical strength
testing and statistical data analysis.
Preferred: Knowledge
and experience in heat treatment and fabrication of ferrous and non-ferrous
alloys, carburizing & nitriding, material non-destructive inspection
techniques, casting and forging fabrication methods; and failure analysis
techniques such as fractography, metallography and usage of scanning electron
microscopes and associated chemical analysis equipment.
Experience working at multiple Textron business units is preferred.
Collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams
where differences in experiences, backgrounds, and ideas combined with a strong
passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
