The Data Analytics Senior Analyst is a seasoned professional role. Applies in-depth disciplinary knowledge, contributing to the development of new techniques and the improvement of processes and work-flow for the area or function. Integrates subject matter and industry expertise within a defined area. Requires in-depth understanding of how areas collectively integrate within the sub-function as well as coordinate and contribute to the objectives of the function and overall business. Evaluates moderately complex and variable issues with substantial potential impact, where development of an approach/taking of an action involves weighing various alternatives and balancing potentially conflicting situations using multiple sources of information. Requires good analytical skills in order to filter, prioritize and validate potentially complex and dynamic material from multiple sources. Strong communication and diplomacy skills are required. Regularly assumes informal/formal leadership role within teams. Involved in coaching and training of new recruits. Significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc. by influencing decisions through advice, counsel and/or facilitating services to others in area of specialization. Work and performance of all teams in the area are directly affected by the performance of the individual. Responsibilities: Required Skills : 8+ years of overall experience in Information Technology and Systems 4+ years in Big data, Hadoop and Hadoop-ecosystems Must have experience troubleshooting applications/jobs running on big data platform Monitoring and controlling the performance and status of technology components, and providing technology component support and problem resolution Experienced in anticipating problems and taking decisive action to solve issues proactively Good understanding of RHEL OS concepts, process management and resource scheduling Good Understanding of Server Resources - networking, CPU, memory and storage Analyze multi-tenancy job execution issues and resolve Experienced in deployment and Administration for different Hadoop distribution for leading organizations, which deal with strong enterprise-scale solutions architecture and implementation. Experience with analytic or feature engineer programming (Python or Scala or Java). Experience with ETL framework (Talend, AbInitio) Experience with Confluent Kafka a plus Experience with Big Data Cloud Services on GCP and AWS a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills Qualifications: 5-8 years experience using tools for statistical modeling of large data sets Ability to effectively use complex analytical, interpretive and problem solving techniques Demonstratedinterpersonal, verbal and written communication skills Education: Bachelors/University degree or equivalent experience This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
