Description:The Systems Engineer is an experienced technical leader with a background in the design and development of embedded systems and test equipment. The successful candidate will be a self-motivated, fast learner with both software and hardware development expertise related to avionics or diagnostics design, testing and integration in aircraft systems. Familiarity with aircraft data bus architectures is required. The candidate must have a demonstrated ability to adapt in a dynamic environment and have a strong track record that demonstrates organizational and leadership skills. Other requirements include the ability to work directly with government customers, coordinate with suppliers and manage projects to achieve cost and schedule objectives. Must have ability to work remotely when requested to satisfy COVID-19 social distancing and shelter-in-place instructions.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelors degree from an accredited college in a related discipline, or equivalent experience/combined education, with 10 years of professional experience; or 8 years of professional experience with a related Masters degree. Considered an emerging authority.
Desired Skills:
Software design experience using the UML and experience with at least one common language, such as C or C++ is preferred. Experience with software
qualification in both military and commercial aircraft systems is desired. Knowledge of testability design in avionics systems is also desired.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
