Big Data Engineer (Kafka)

Share

Job ID: FA-0100-474

Open Since: 2019-10-04

City: Irving
State: Texas
Country: United States of America

Job Description:


Frontend Arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain competitive advantage. We are continuously evolving how we work and how we look at business challenges, so we can continue to deliver measurable, sustainable solutions to our clients.

We are looking for self-motivated "Big Data Engineer (Kafka)" with excellent communication and customer service skills, who has:
Experience as a developer who has used the Kafka API to build producer and consumer applications, along with expertise in implementing KStreams components. Have developed KStreams pipelines, as well as deployed KStreams clusters.
Experience with developing KSQL queries and best practices of using KSQL vs KStreams
Strong knowledge of the Kafka Connect framework, with experience using several connector types: HTTP REST proxy, JMS, File, SFTP, JDBC, Splunk, Salesforce, and how to support wire-format translations. Knowledge of connectors available from Confluent and the community
Implementing stream processing using Kafka Streams / KSQL / Spark Jobs along with Kafka and Databricks integration.
Hands-on experience in designing, writing, and operationalizing new Kafka Connectors using the framework
Define strategy and roadmap of the NextGen Stream Data Platform based on Apache Kafka
Establish best practices for implementing our SDP based on identified use cases and required integration patterns
Accelerate adoption of the Kafka ecosystem by creating a framework for leveraging technologies such as Kafka Connect, KStreams/KSQL, Schema Registry, and other streaming-oriented technology
Seasoned messaging expert with extensive, well-rounded background in a diverse set of messaging middleware solutions (commercial, open source, in-house) with in-depth understanding of architectures of such solutions. Examples: Kafka, RabbitMQ
Deep understanding of different messaging paradigms (pub/sub, queuing), as well as delivery models, quality-of-service, and fault-tolerance architectures
Knowledge of messaging protocols and associated APIs
Working knowledge of Splunk, how it integrates with Kafka, and using it effectively as a Kafka operational tool
Strong background in integration patterns
Design, develop, support, maintenance and implementation of a complex project module.
Utilize Enterprise Integration Patterns to develop data pipelines and the necessary datastructures
Good experience in application of standard software development principles.
Implementing best practices and making sure the coding standards
Write documentation for the code to be written
Debug production issues and create subsequent mitigation plans
Optimize the performance of existing implementations
Bring forward ideas to experiment and work in teams to transform ideas to reality
Prioritize tasks with the scrum master that leads the team to be successful
Architect data structures that meet the reporting timelines.
Work directly with engineering teams for design and build their development requirements
Maintain high standards of software quality by establishing good practices and habits within the development team while delivering solutions on time and on budget.
Facilitate the agile development process through daily scrum, sprint planning, sprint demo, and retrospective meetings.
Participate in peer-reviews of solution designs and related code.
Analyze and resolve technical and application problems.
Research and evaluate a variety of software products and development tools.
Proven communication skills, both written and oral

Job Skills:
Engineering/development resources who have implemented stream processing using Kafka Streams / KSQL / Spark Jobs along with having Kafka and Databricks integration experiences.
Should have experiences, best practices and knowledge in Fast-Data Pipeline with Kafka/Databricks architecture, compute and scalability requirements to implement streaming jobs which handle a million messages per second/hour.
Minimum Experience: 10 Yrs

Education:

Bachelor's Degree in Engineering
