Overview

At Elbit Systems of America (ESA), we spend our days working on exciting and meaningful innovative solutions that protect and save lives. From providing solutions for our warfighters and commercial pilots, to providing lifesaving medical instrumentation and homeland security technologies, the employees of Elbit Systems of America understand the value of their work and why we do what we do each and every day. We are looking for extraordinary people to join us in making a difference in the lives of others.

We are currently recruiting for a highly talented Performance Excellence Engineer - but we are looking for more than an impressive skill set. We are looking for the type of person who respects others for their knowledge, skills, and experience as individuals and as team members. If you are the type of person who has high integrity and would thrive in an inclusive environment of camaraderie and friendship with your fellow teammates, we're pretty confident you'll love it here.

Responsibilities

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES
Develop and implement methods, systems and procedures for the manufacture of complex or specialized products, ensuring efficient, cost-effective manufacturing results.
Provide measurement and analysis of customer feedback and other customer satisfaction indicators.
Coordinate efforts with quality and operations personnel providing specialized technical assistance and guidance to assure efficient production operations.
Coordinate with Test Engineering and Quality to assure efficient results.
Performs analysis on reported nonconformities and discrepancies related to assembly, process, mechanical, electrical, electro-mechanical systems, field and clinical data. Further investigates the cause for discrepancies and nonconformities to develop disposition and recommend corrective action plans.
Support QMS System (example: FAI, Audits, Inspections, and MRB).
Applies knowledge of quality systems and tools to validate and verify contractually required standards for project execution.
Assure the generation of complete instructions and procedures. Coordinate the introductory efforts with personnel in other functions, such as Engineering, Quality, and Manufacturing. Maintain program status information.
Working with customers and internal engineering develop critical product and process characteristics to be monitored by both internal manufacturing and at supplier's facilities to assure predictive measures are in place for early failure detection and flow down of requirements to monitor and evaluate supplier process yields.
Evaluate program data, provide analysis and present results to Program and Operations Management, Customers, partners and Suppliers, this data includes but not limited to customer data, statistical analysis of key characteristics and statistical tolerance analysis.
Demonstrated knowledge of Lean Six Sigma methodologies such as:
Continuous Flow
Lean Discipline
Lean Manufacturing, Kaizen, Kanban, Visual Controls
DMAIC
Root Cause Analysis
Measurement System Analysis
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Qualifications

POSITION REQUIREMENTS

A Bachelor's degree in Industrial Engineering / Manufacturing Engineering / Process Engineering and 6-8 years related experience to be proficient in the above areas or an equivalent combination of education and experience. Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification Required, Lean Six Sigma Black Belt certification Preferred.
