About Us
Harris Health is a nationally recognized health system comprising three teaching hospitals and an extensive network of ambulatory care centers serving the people of Harris County, Texas, since 1966. Staffed by the faculty, fellows and residents from two nationally ranked medical schools, Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), Harris Health is the first healthcare system in Houston to receive the prestigious National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) designation for its network of patient-centered medical homes.

Each year, Harris Health provides more than 1.8 million total outpatient visits through its more than 40 ambulatory care facilities. Additionally, Harris Health sees more than 177,000 emergency visits at its Level 1 and Level 3 trauma centers and 35,000 hospital admissions through its two hospitals: Ben Taub and LBJ.

Established by voter referendum to enhance the level of charity care available in the community, Harris Health System has often received national recognition for serving those in need and for its achievements in operational excellence, such as being named to the 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 Most Wired Hospitals lists by the American Hospital Associations Hospitals & Health Networks magazine.

Additionally, Harris Health System is pleased that each of its hospitals Ben Taub and Lyndon B. Johnson achieved Pathway to Excellence designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
Job Profile
The Business Intelligence Analyst I supports system-level analytics activities of a large integrated delivery system. Work product directly impacts information delivered to the Harris Health's Board of Trustees and Commissioners Court as well as the state of Texas and CMS. Participates in complex projects and initiatives across the system, which significantly impact business results, and require a large degree of cross-functional participation/coordination. The position supports the implementation of Finance information systems. This position works in close collaboration with IT Business Intelligence supporting many of the same or similar projects and deliverables. In concert with IT, the position and actively contributes, on the Finance side, to organizational initiatives in the development of business intelligence (BI) tools.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Education/Specialized Training/Licensure: Bachelor's Degree in IT, Accounting, Finance, or related discipline preferred; or four (4) years of Business Intelligence work-related experience required in lieu of degree.

Work Experience: One (1) year of experience in a Senior Business Analyst capacity.
Analysis, design and development of enterprise-class software.
Experience with data mapping in a data warehousing environment.
Experience in analyzing source systems and performing data mapping between disparate databases/data sources. In addition, working experience in performing gap analysis of the production data to validate business requirements.
Healthcare experience.
Equipment Operated:

Knowledge of EMR/Epic, Clarity, SAP Business Object tools (Business Intelligence), Oracle SQL, Allscripts EPSi Enterprise Analyst and Decision Support Suite, PeopleSoft.

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:

Communication Skills:
Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contact)
Exceptional Verbal (e.g., Public Speaking)
Writing /Composing: Correspondence / Reports

Other Skills: Analytical, Design, Mathematics, Medical Terms, Research, Statistical, Deployment, MS Word, MS Excel, MS Access, Project Mgmt., Prod. Support, Development

Advanced Education:

Bachelor's Degree Major: Bachelor's Degree in IT, Accounting, Finance, or related discipline preferred; or four (4) years of Business Intelligence work-related experience required in lieu of degree.

Work Schedule: Flexible, Eligible for Telecommute

Other Requirements:
Knowledge of State, Medicare/ Medicaid, and other external regulatory agencies, reimbursement regulations and methodologies.
Knowledge of decision sciences, cost accounting, finance, benchmark analysis, productivity reporting and delivery of healthcare services.
Demonstrated detailed understanding of data and processing of data.
Knowledge of the generally accepted coding standards and technical architectures.
Ability to understand clinical and operational needs from a technical and financial perspective.
Ability to motivate/lead teams to produce quality materials within tight timeframes and simultaneously manage several projects.
Expert at facilitating group meetings.
Demonstrated organizational and time management skills.
Ability to analyze, report, and develop recommendations.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, to include presentation skills to upper management.
Attention to detail.
Problem solving skills.
Customer service skills.
Proficient in all MS Office applications; demonstrated advanced functionality of Excel, Access, and SQL-based repositories.
TYPICAL DUTIES THAT MAY BE PERFORMED
Supports financial analysis and reporting using detail knowledge of EPIC Hyperspace, Clarity, and the EPIC data models. Develops results and documentation using hands-on experience with EPIC Clarity and Oracle SQL that extract and transform (ETL) data to meet multiple requirements from a variety of sources. Supports daily use of EPSi / PLA and Enterprise Analyst within the department. Supports data warehouse products and designs using Oracle. Delivers accurate and extendable data structures that transform complex requirements into manageable strategies to meet needs and leverage investment. Participates in efforts to modify existing data warehouse structures and architect new structures that meet existing and future needs.

2. Demonstrates skills and knowledge of SQL in all environments; Access, Oracle, MS SQL Server, MS Office, and various Business Intelligence tools. Understands and uses MS Office Excel and Access for appropriate data delivery. Builder and user of Extract, Transform, and Load (ETL) tools ranging from Office (Access) through enterprise class databases and the Business Objects Data Services suite. Builds department business layers using Business Objects Universe. Develops accurate and re-useable analysis using Business Objects Enterprise WebIntelligence and Crystal Reports. Demonstrates awareness of other Business Objects suite and other industry leading BI tools.

3. Involved in the design, development, and maintenance of Harris Health System Decision Support and Business Intelligence (BI) systems. Maintains system integrity within EPSi / PLA and Enterprise Analyst and other databases. Critically evaluates information gathered from multiple sources, reconciles conflicts, decomposes high-level requirements into details, abstracts up from low-level data to a general understanding, and distinguishes user requests from the underlying true needs.

4. Delivers analytics, tools, solutions and reporting for the benefit and management of Harris Health System's constituency, partners, and governance. Develops and maintains appropriate algorithms, business logic, and data dictionaries required to develop system-wide statistical standards from raw source data. Plans, designs (data mapping), codes, tests and installs complex reports/queries based on technical specifications.

5. Work collaboratively with BI (IT) to maintain the integrity of data in Harris Health Decision Support Systems and Business Intelligence (BI) systems. Supports all business intelligence and decision support activities related to improvement of operational efficiency in collaboration with Operations, Quality, and other areas. Supports and actively participates in system-level data governance processes.

6. Participates in Harris Health System mandatory education. Maintains professional knowledge through participation in continuing education programs. Participates on appropriate committees and other assigned meetings on behalf of Harris Health System.

7. Works collaboratively with colleagues to deliver patient/customer services that meet or exceed patient expectations as evidenced by patient satisfaction scores (District Patient Satisfaction Job Standard).

8. Delivers exceptional customer service by embracing ServiceFIRST standards of behavior during all patient, visitor and staff encounters.

9. Performs other related duties as assigned.
Benefits and EEOC
Harris Health System benefits program is designed to provide you with more flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Harris Health System benefits program allows you to protect your income in case of illness, death and disability, and to help you save for retirement. It is the policy of Harris Health System to provide equal opportunity for all applicants for employment regardless political affiliation, race, color, national origin, age, sex, religious creed or disability. Applicants may request any reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the application process.
Job Category
Information Technology
