Your Opportunity

Do you want to be part of a Data Warehouse team managing over 120 terabytes of data and building the next generation analytics platform for a leading financial firm with trillions in assets under management? At Schwab, the Global Data Technology (GDT) organization governs the strategy and implementation of the enterprise data warehouse and emerging data platforms. We help Marketing, Finance and executive leadership make fact-based decisions by integrating and analyzing data.

Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. is currently seeking a seasoned Data Engineering Lead with a passion for delivering data solutions with a hands-on approach to design, development and collaboration with our business partners. The ideal candidate must have deep experience delivering Enterprise Data Warehouse solutions, designing, coding and leading end to end solutions on Teradata, Big Data and cloud technologies.

What you are good at
Leading teams in design, development and delivery of data solutions on Teradata, Big Data and cloud data platforms for the Global Data Technology team.
Managing day-to-day development activities for new data solutions and troubleshooting existing implementations.
Working with product owners and technical directors to lead technical discussions and resolve technical issues
Applying best practices of data integration for data quality and automation
Reviewing data models and data architecture for Hadoop and HBase environments
Working with product vendors to identify and manage open product issues
Solving complex data integration problems
Working with project team and technology partners to develop high-level designs and cost and effort estimates for new work efforts.
Documenting design solutions and supporting documentation.
Developing and maintaining code for data ingestion and curation using Informatica, Talend, Scoop, Hive etc.
Working with business analysts to understand business requirements and use cases
What you have
Minimum of 7 years of experience delivering data solutions on a variety of data warehousing, big data and cloud data platforms.
Experience as an ETL lead with a track record of delivering design solutions (> 5 years) and leading a small team of developers
Substantial experience in Data Warehousing / Information Management (> 5 years)
Hands-on experience with ETL tools and deep experience in any integration tool (e.g. Informatica, Talend) (At least 5 years)
Understanding of data modeling (logical and/or physical) with familiarity of Teradata platform preferred (> 5 years)
Strong SQL experience with the ability to develop, tune and debug complex SQL applications is required
Hadoop experience - Understanding of Hadoop file format and programming (egg. Spark, Hive, etc.)
Knowledge of Scripting (UNIX) and scheduling tools (Control-M, ESP)
Experience with change data capture tools (CDC) preferred such as Attunity
Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, influencing, prioritization, decision- making and conflict resolution skills
Excellent written/verbal communication skills
Requisition #: 2020-63618

r1d4rh5eu
