Description:

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics. Be More Than You Can Imagine.

Advanced electronic warfare (EW) capabilities enable F-35 pilots to locate and track enemy forces, jam radars and disrupt attacks with unparalleled effectiveness. Advanced avionics give the pilot real-time access to battle space information with 360-degree coverage and an unparalleled ability to dominate the tactical environment. Data collected by sensors on the F-35 will immediately be shared with commanders at sea, in the air or on the ground, providing an instantaneous, high-fidelity view of ongoing operations making the F-35 a formidable force multiplier while enhancing coalition operations. This system allows F-35 pilots to reach well-defended targets and suppress enemy radars.

As a member of the F-35 Electronic Warfare / Countermeasures (EW/CM) team, the selected candidate will be responsible for supporting activities associated with the development, integration, production and sustainment of the EW/CM subsystem for use on 5th Gen fighter aircraft.

Responsibilities include defining and documenting engineering requirements, writing specifications, developing analysis and test plans, developing analysis tools, coordinating with the EW Principle Engineer and other key stakeholders, as well as interfacing / coordinating with various F-35 Joint Program Office (JPO) personnel and with the various EW suppliers.

A level 4 employee Typically has 9 - 15 years of professional experience.

Candidate must be able to obtain a secret clearance.

Whats In It For You
Our employees play an active role in strengthening the quality of life where we live and work by volunteering more than 850,000 hours annually. Here are some of the benefits you can enjoy:
• Medical
• Dental
• 401k
• Paid time off
• Work/life balance
• Career development
• Mentorship opportunities
• Rewards & recognition

Learn more about Lockheed Martins comprehensive benefits package here.

This position is in Fort Worth, TX Discover Fort Worth.

EngineeringAeronautics
AeroMissionSystems
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical/Electronics Engineering, Physics, or Mathematics.
Experience in Electronic Warfare(EW) design, operations, implementation or aircraft integration.
Desired Skills:
Experience collaborating with multi-functional teams
Coursework and lab or work experience in electronics, physics, or RF or microwave signal generation, antennas, receivers and transmitters.
Familiarity with the F-35 Mission Systems design of EW/CM, Radar, CNI, EO/IR Sensors and Fusion.
Knowledge of Threat Databases and understanding of EW Mission Planning.
Familiarity with F-35 Systems Engineering Processes and Systems Integration and Test.
Experience with specification of Lab Requirements, Test Fixtures & Cabling Design
Experience with lab equipment (RF Spectrum and Network Analyzers, Function/Signal Generators, etc.) used for RF signal generation, measurement and data analysis.
Experience with Laboratory or flight testing of EW Systems and Countermeasures Systems.
Experience with Agile Software Development processes and Software testing.
MATLAB and/or C++ for analysis tool development
Experience with Microsoft Office products including PowerPoint, Word, Excel, Project and Access.
Excellent communications and analytical skills.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:
job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. Theyre dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martins vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.
EXPERIENCE LEVEL:
Experienced Professional
