Job Description
Electrical Engineer

LAUNCH Technical Workforce Solutions is seeking an Electrical Engineer with extensive aerospace manufacturing experience in Fort Worth, TX.

Job Summary:

In this position, the engineer will design and develop complex electronic hardware systems for aircraft. A major focus of this mission-critical engineering role will involve developing aircraft electronic systems. The engineer will be responsible for Circuit design, Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) programming, and Printed Circuit Board (PCB) and Circuit Card Assembly (CCA) designs working on a cross-functional team. Working on a cross-functional team the engineer will be working with mechanical and software design teams to develop a complete qualified flight-tested aircraft solution.

The engineer will have an opportunity have an impact on the following areas: Requirements analysis/derivation, concept development, hardware architecture, component selection, schematic capture, reliability analysis (derating, thermal, signal integrity, power integrity, stability, overstress), design verification, system integration, and qualification.

Qualifications and Requirements:
A BS Degree in Electrical Engineering or closely related technical field or equivalent experience/combined education
Experience with circuit design concepts
Experience in circuit analysis, troubleshooting, test instrumentation, and data analysis tools
Experience with Printed Circuit Board (PCB) board design and Circuit Card Assembly (CCA) design
Experience with VHDL, Verilog, or System Verilog languages to support FPGA firmware programming
The technical ability to effectively define and interpret system-level requirements and derive the requirements necessary to interface between lab and hardware
The ability to work well in a teaming environment with other disciplines (Systems Engineering, Software Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, etc.)
Desired Skills:
Experienced using Xilinx and/or Microsemi FPGAs
Experienced with design and simulation tools (Xilinx Vivado, Microsemi Libero, Mentor QuestaSim)
Experience with Perl, Visual Basic, and C/C++,
DO 178C/254 verification
High Speed and RF design
Cadence schematic capture, PCB layout Allegro
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
Company Description
Why Choose LAUNCH?

A team of diesel staffing experts leads LAUNCH. We understand the challenges of finding the top diesel jobs and we focus on linking you with the best openings in the most sought-after locations.

LAUNCH offers you an ACA compliant benefit package including company-sponsored medical insurance with multiple plans to choose from. Our Minimum Essential Coverage is offered to every employee who does not have coverage elsewhere at no cost to you! LAUNCH also offers a 401(k) program with a company match. Plus, you join the LAUNCH Loyalty Club on your first day, earning you extra cash bonuses, apparel and safety rewards.

If you’re ready to LAUNCH your career, you've found an employer that can take you to new heights.
