What is Syncroness?

Syncroness provides inspired solutions to highly complex business and technical problems. We focus on accelerating time-to-market and ensuring a profitable outcome for our clients.

By providing a full complement of engineering services aligned to the entire product lifecycle, Syncroness enables companies to accelerate product development and drive more predictability and productivity into their businesses. Working with Syncroness, companies gain the critical insights necessary to develop products that make a difference and create a better world.

We provide proven value and predictable results in demanding and regulated markets by employing our core competencies in:
Project management
Product and System Engineering
Core Engineering disciplines
Knowledge integration
NPD and Sustaining Engineering
Responsibilities

We are seeking an experienced LabVIEW & TestStand Test Engineer who will be responsible for developing, debugging, integrating, and verifying test programs for new test sets being developed in support of testing missiles and subassemblies. This role will write test description documents, operating instructions, and installation procedures. This role will support Peer Reviews, Code Reviews, Design Assurance Reviews, Pre/Post Verification Readiness Reviews, etc. This role will be required to work to the assigned tasks as laid out in the Integrated Master Schedule (IMS) within constraints defined by the Test System Technical Lead. This role will be expected to provide timely and frequent communication on progress and significant issues to their team and customer. Applicant should have a strong background in cross-discipline systems engineering practices including requirements development/maintenance, architecture, test equipment hardware/software design, integration and verification. Applicant should be a proven problem solver who can multi-task in a complex interrelated environment.

Required Experience
5 years in a LabVIEW and TestStand test program development role
Experience in developing medium- to large-scale LabVIEW Embedded control and monitoring applications with COTS and/or custom test equipment
Ability to develop and document system, software, hardware, firmware, specifications, and test plans per high level requirements
Have experience in automation of the collection, measurement, and evaluation of data including the use of a wide range of test equipment such as power supplies, DMMs, Oscilloscopes, Power Meters, Frequency Generators, Spectrum Analyzers, and Network Analyzers.
Apply the appropriate standards, processes, procedures and tools throughout the system development life cycle. • Strong troubleshooting experience to include, analog, digital and simple RF circuits.
Should be a self-starter; with minimal to no oversight needed to complete assignments.
Must have the capability to work in a dynamic work atmosphere where there is a need to be cooperative with a diverse team of different skillsets.
Must be able to manage his time wisely, as he/she is required to complete the assigned projects within the given time
Active security clearance Desired Experience
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Electrical Engineering or related degrees
Experience implementing Advanced Architectures for LabVIEW, Certified TestStand Architect, or equivalent
Proficient in Object Orientated Software Design
In depth knowledge of requirements management lifecycle including derivation, trace, compliance and verification.
Test Equipment Interface Test Adapter (ITA) and cable design experience.
Familiarity with Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) common toolsets, ideologies, and best
Practices: DOORS classic, DOORS Next Generation (DNG), Rational Rhapsody, No Magic MagicDraw, cross application linking, SysML, etc.
Experience with defense system development and design, preferably missiles and ground systems.
Experience working in defense industry.
Qualifications
LabVIEW
Test Stand Experience in developing medium- to large-scale LabVIEW Embedded control and monitoring applications with COTS and/or custom test equipment
Configuration Control
ITA wiring
NI test equipment hardware
DMM
Oscilloscopes
Power Supplies
Switching Relays
Communication protocols
MS Word
MS Excel
MS PowerPoint Skills
MS Project
Control Account Management
Proposal support
Vendor or Subcontractor support and monitoring
Syncroness is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, status as a protected veteran, among other things, or status as a qualified individual with disability.
