We are pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and to design the first functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA's first lunar mission and brought advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to work for an iconic company with superb talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift experiences.

Bell is seeking a self-motivated Avionics Design Engineer to join Bell's Advanced Vertical Lift Systems team. The individual will support the development of new military products and platforms. This position will be part of a diverse team of engineers capable of executing in a fast-paced environment. Experience at all levels will be considered with a minimum of 2 years relevant experience.

Position Responsibilities:
Development of avionics system requirements, architectures, interfaces, performance specifications, plans/procedures, and schematics.
Development of test requirements to drive systems integration lab and flight test aircraft instrumentation design.
Perform system hardware and software integration and validation/verification testing of multiple systems operating together in a systems integration/simulation lab, including aircraft/system qualification and certification.
Coordinating with avionics system suppliers in the development, integration and testing of displays, flight instruments, communication and navigation systems, sensor and sighting systems, and vehicle management system.
Assist in the creation of system models to include complete traceability from customer requirements to sub-system level avionics design elements.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree in Electrical Engineering or a Science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM) discipline required.
Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering or a Science, Technology, Engineering or Math (STEM) discipline preferred.
Position Requirements:
Experience with supporting all phases of development from initial proposal development through successful design, qualification, integration testing, flight test, and production.
Experience with qualification to standards such as RTCA DO-160, MIL-STD-810, MIL-STD-883, MIL-STD-461, MIL-STD-464, RTCA DO-178, and RTCA DO-254.
Experience with some, or all, of the following systems/sub-systems:
PFD, MFD, EICAS, Cockpit controls, Digital Map
EGI, GPS, IFF, ADS-B, TCAS, ILS, TACAN, Radar Altimeter, Air Data
Communications Systems: VHF/UHF radios, SATCOM, Datalinks, ICS
Experience with System Engineering (SE) and Configuration Management (CM) processes.
Experience with Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE).
Experience with System Safety Assessments and Failure Hazard Analysis.
Experience using electrical test equipment (multimeters, oscilloscopes, power supplies, etc.).
Preferred skills:
Experience with Cameo System Modeler tool and SySML modeling language.
Experience with Flight Test Simulators and Avionics Training devices.
Experience with open systems architecture and protocols (JCA, FACE, HOST, MOSA).
Experience in military platform avionics integration.
Experience with avionics electrical interfaces including analog, digital, discrete I/O.
Experience with data bus protocols such as ARINC 429, MIL-STD-1553, RS-232/422/485), Gigabit Ethernet, TCP/IP, UDP protocols.
Demonstrated engineering intuition, critical thinking, comfort with ambiguity.
Strong oral and written skills.
Ability to coordinate and collaborate between engineering teams, suppliers and customers.
Ability to conduct trade studies.
