We are
pioneers. We were the first to break the sound barrier and design the first
functional jetpack. We were aboard NASA’s first lunar mission and brought
advanced tiltrotor systems to market. Today, we are defining the future of
on-demand mobility. At Bell, we are proud to be an iconic company with superb
talent, rapidly creating novel and coveted vertical lift
experiences.

High Voltage Power Systems Engineer:

Bell is
seeking a High Voltage/Pulsed Power Systems Engineer to join Bell’s Innovation
Team for the development of leading-edge engineering solutions. The
emerging on-demand mobility market provides unique opportunities for engineers
to develop new technologies while shaping the future of aviation. This
position focuses in areas related to Bell’s air-taxi (NEXUS) program. In
this position, you will be a key technical focal to a diverse team of engineers
developing solutions and systems within this exciting fast-paced market.
Position Responsibilities:

The High
Voltage/Pulsed Power Systems Engineer is responsible for (but not limited to)
the following:
Recognized as a
technical authority as you influence electrical designs/architectures.
Develop system
requirements within this area based on project objectives.
Design systems with
architectures and interfaces that safely and effectively meet requirements.
Develop, manage and
interpret testing for the purpose of risk mitigation.
Design
system-to-system interfaces such as battery management, charging, sensor
measurement selection, system safety and the like.
Support the
development and optimization of high voltage system components.
Coordinate and manage
electrical system suppliers in the development, integration, and testing of
power generation and distribution systems.
Provide onsite support
during vehicle flight test for high voltage systems.
Foster
innovative/creative design solutions.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering (or closely related field) is required
Master’s degree in related field is preferred
Position Requirements:
Previous experience with high voltage electrical systems, automotive or aircraft.
Experience at all levels will be considered with a minimum of two (2) years’ experience specifically with high voltage electrical systems design, integration, development and testing.
Experience with creation of system specification, requirements traceability and verification. Creation of system high voltage electrical systems architecture and wiring schematics.
Generation of system safety assessments, failure hazard analysis and certification test plans
Proven proficiency with related test and measurement equipment such as power generation/measurement, signal generators, programmable load devices, spectrum analyzers, electrical and magnetic field probes, oscilloscopes, network analyzers and multimeters
Preferred Qualifications:
Six (6) or more years' related engineering experience.
Familiarity with RTCA DO-160, MIL-STD-810, RTCA DO-178, RTCA DO-254, SAE ARP4754A, SAE ARP4761, 14 CFR Part 27 and Part 29 for commercial and military qualification and certification of aircraft systems
Four (4) or more years' experience with Enovia, DOORS, and Serena Dimensions
Four (4) or more years' experience in one or more of the following areas: High Voltage Design, Combined HV and LV Design Architecture, DC/DC and AC/DC Power Conversion, Pulse Forming Design, Grounding, Switching and Magnetics.
Four (4) or more years' experience in HV testing and data analytics
Four (4) or more years' experience with electrical design and simulation software tools. Experience with schematic creation using CHS Mentor Graphics.
Don’t miss the chance to join a diverse, inclusive environment where you feel a sense of belonging. As a member of our global workforce, you will collaborate with dedicated, enthusiastic teams where unique experiences, backgrounds and ideas combined with a strong passion for our products take us above and beyond flight.
