Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a Full Stack Engineer to work in Westlake, Texas!

The Fidelity Fund and Investment Operations (FFIO) Performance Attribution technology team is responsible for the production of daily transaction-based attribution analytics at the holding's level for use by the application’s consumers who include: Senior Investment Staff, Portfolio Managers, Chief Investment Officers, Research groups, Distribution Channels, Board of Trustees & Shareholders. The highly sophisticated performance attribution system is continually improving in response to challenges posed by, among others, changes in investment management strategy, the introduction of new investment products, and changes to upstream or interfacing applications. Are you ready to explore this opportunity further?

We have a phenomenal opportunity for a highly motivated Software Engineer / Developer to build robust APIs & interfaces to improve current analytics distribution capabilities. You will collaborate with other development team members, analysts and architects in building applications and APIs to deliver the data!

The Expertise You Have
Digital attitude, and proficient across a variety of implementation patterns for development of enterprise level API Services and consumption using modern frameworks and open source technologies.
Excellent communications skills and technical expertise to drive and participate in substantial discussions as well as detailed oriented with strong analysis and problem solving skills.
Experience working in an Agile development environment
Ability to efficiently balance multiple high-priority assignments and ability to meet project deadlines while maintaining quality work
The Skills You Bring
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering
5+ years of primary development experience (currently hands on) in Java, Spring/SpringBoot, Angular, Bootstrap CSS, Node.js, Groovy/Grails, and SQL/Oracle. Experience with versions of Angular 8+ is preferred.
3+ years of Responsive & Modern Web application design and development.
2+ years of API Development using Java / Spring/ Rest Services and Swagger
Test Driven Development using JUnit, Mockito/EasyMock, Jasmine, Karma, Protractor
Application build, deploy using Continuous Integration/ Deployment (CI/CD) tools – Git, Jenkins, Maven, uDeploy, etc.
Leadership: Team player, self-starter, innovative, eager to learn every day
Scrum Developer certification is desired
Understanding of docker, cloud-computing / cloud services platforms (AWS or Azure)


Company Overview


Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.
