Systems Engineer II

Description

The Systems Engineer is responsible for developing and coordinating the development and verification of requirements, specifications, statements of work, test plans, managing risks, issues and opportunities (RIO) and design reviews.

Position Responsibilities:
Conduct system-of-systems modeling, operations analysis, and requirements decomposition for development and production products.
Define and trace vehicle design requirements, test data, and performance values associated with engineering and manufacturing development of the aircraft and its subsystems
Coordinate and execute milestone project reviews, technical reviews, and decision tradeoff analysis.
Develop requirement and requirements specifications for the air system and subsystems, support development of requirements and specifications for component and assemblies.
Develop operational models using the DoD Architecture Framework
Use Model Based Systems Engineering principles to develop SysML systems descriptions
Manage program reviews to include Systems Requirements and System Functional Reviews, Preliminary Design and Critical Design Reviews.
Collaborate with design engineers in the development of Statements of Work.
Coordinate with design engineers, specialty engineering, flight technology and build team to ensure a coherent set of requirements is being developed.
Execute design reviews at the Tier I and Tier II level, ensuring all necessary deliverables are complete and to the required standard.
Assist in the management of the program product lifecycle management tool for the program.
Work with IPTs to develop verification plans for each subsystem.
Perform RIO development and tracking with program management and support IPT RIO management.
Track and capture design decision notices, impacts and design changes as they occur throughout the program.
Education and Requirements:
Bachelor of Science in applicable Engineering Discipline (Systems, Aerospace, Electrical or Mechanical Engineering required)
Master's degree preferred.
Position Requirements:
At least 5 years engineering in the Aerospace industry
Ability to apply systems engineering processes in support of system life cycle development
Ability to communicate efficiently and effectively to coordinate systems engineering activities and report status.
Ability to build and maintain effective relationships with customers, internal and external suppliers, as well as horizontal integrations across the other teams.
Familiarity with aerospace design and verification processes to include; requirements develop and verification, preliminary and detailed design.
PC proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
Ability to work effectively within a team.
Good interpersonal and organizational skills.
Preferred Experience:
Demonstrated knowledge of Model Based Systems Engineering (MBSE) experience highly preferred
Experience in SysML, MBSE and DoDAF modeling
Proficiency with MagicDraw
System-of-systems modeling experience
Parametric modeling and simulation
