Req ID: 94114

NTT DATA Services strives to hire exceptional, innovative and passionate individuals who want to grow with us. If you want to be part of an inclusive, adaptable, and forward-thinking organization, apply now.

We are currently seeking a Cloud Engineer to join our team in Irving, Texas (US-TX), United States (US).

Key responsibilities will be:
Automate E2E cloud onboarding processes and integrate with CI/CD pipeline – will include account request, creation, environment build and integration, account quarantine, and deletion.
Develop automatic repave of environment to meet security requirements and eliminate risks (automated deployment and tear down).
Develop automation in accordance with Security framework focusing on multi-region enablement, auto-remediation, and logging consistency.
Establish cloud monitoring protocols and tools that feed designated issue management system.
Assess repeat issues as part of DevOps rotation and develop automation to eliminate operational tasks.
Build custom tool integrations to resolve operational, engineering and billing challenges.
Write and publish consistent APIs.
Build inventory and automate collection, maintenance and controls.
Deliver automated test and release protocols.
Minimum Requirements:
4+ years experience managing a Public Cloud: AWS, GCP, or Azure
4+ years of DevOps experience
4+ years of experience with configuration management systems
Desired Qualifications:
Public Cloud (AWS, GCP, Azure) Certifications – Professional level preferred with 2+ years managing public cloud-based infrastructure
DevOps/Scrum experience and certifications; proven track record of successful sprint planning and delivery
Experience with configuration management systems (Chef, Ansible)
Experience with modern tools such as Atlassian (Jira, Confluence)
Expertise in multiple version control systems (Git, GitHub, BitBucket)
Specific experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC)
Experience with performance testing and analysis tools (AppDynamics, Splunk)
Fluency in Linux environments (Redhat)
Scripting and programming skills (Python, Java, JavaScript)
About NTT DATA Services

NTT DATA Services is a global business and IT services provider specializing in digital, cloud and automation across a comprehensive portfolio of consulting, applications, infrastructure and business process services. We are part of the NTT family of companies, a partner to 85 % of the Fortune 100.

NTT DATA Services is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, gender, disability, age, veteran-status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other class protected by law.
