Job Description The F-35 Shared Simulation Software team is looking for highly motivated software engineers who have experience developing and integrating software components using C++ and Object Oriented Development analysis (OOA)/ Object-Oriented Design(OOD) techniques. The Shared Simulation Software team develops and maintains the software simulations products that support the integration, testing, verification and mission effectiveness analysis for the F-35 program.

Additional desired skills for this position include software development experience with real-time simulation operating systems, avionics software flight and sensor software.

Responsibilities may include developing simulation software to incorporate new aircraft capabilities, integrating new or updated vendor models, integrating the shared simulation software products with customer products, performing analysis of simulation results with actual sensor performance and participating as a member of an agile team.

Filling this position is contingent upon funding in Q2 2020.

Required Skills and Education
Bachelors degree in an Engineering/Technical Field preferably in Computer Science/Engineering
Experience working with software in an integration environment
Experience in one or more areas related to simulation software, e.g. real-time executives, modeling and simulation, visual systems, data management, analysis systems, etc.
Expertise in C++ programming
Expertise with Object-Oriented Analysis (OOA) / Object-Oriented Design (OOD) techniques
Clearance investigation needs to be within the last 5 years.

Please note that pursuant to a government contract this position requires U.S. citizenship.

Preferred Skills and Education
Software development and debug experience in C++ Object-Oriented code is desirable
Strong data analytics experience
Experience with Agile software development methodologies and tools, such as VersionOne
Experience with Linux operating systems
Experience with Eclipse
An extreme interest in anything airborne, such as fighter aircraft and airplanes
Strong oral and written communication skills
Strong interpersonal and collaboration skills
Strong work ethic and self-motivation
Expertise with at least one of the following Aircraft Avionics Sensors Electronic Warefare (EW), Electronic Support Measures (ESM), RADAR, Distributed Aperature System (DAS), Electro-Optical Targeting System (EOTS)
About BAE Systems Intelligence & Security BAE Systems Intelligence & Security, based in McLean, Virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers. Our pride and dedication shows in everything we dofrom intelligence analysis, cyber operations and IT expertise to systems development, systems integration, and operations and maintenance services. Knowing that our work enables the U.S. military and government to recognize, manage and defeat threats inspires us to push ourselves and our technologies to new levels. Thats BAE Systems. Thats Inspired Work. Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Gender Expression. To see Inspired Work in action, visit www.baesystems.com and follow us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/baesystemsintel.
