About Us

Riskified is the AI platform powering the eCommerce revolution. We use cutting-edge technology, machine-learning algorithms, and behavioral analytics to identify legitimate customers and keep them moving toward checkout. Merchants use Riskified to increase revenue, prevent fraud, and eliminate customer friction. Riskified has reviewed hundreds of millions of transactions and approved billions of dollars of revenue for merchants across virtually all industries, including a number of Fortune 500 companies.

About the Role

We are looking for a Data Analyst to work directly with our customers on our Merchant Health Team. You will be part of a growing operations team which is responsible for Riskified's customers' performance, quick problem-solving, and online fraud prevention in real time. You will take a major part in research and investigation of new online-fraud trends, in a super-dynamic environment, and therefore stand at the forefront of Riskified's work. You'll be leveraging your analytical and data analysis skills and knowledge of our product to provide meaningful insights to our enterprise merchants, including direct interaction with customers.

What You'll Be Doing

Research and explore data, using high level analytical tools (R and SQL) in a high level technical environment
Share deep analysis conclusions and sophisticated technical methods in a clear manner to both technical and non-technical audiences
Work with account managers, meet directly with clients and deliver analytic insights for business questions
Define and execute end-to-end technical solutions for fraud-prevention problems
Cooperate with various teams within Riskified to enhance processes and meet customers' needs
Master the online fraud prevention domain through hands-on analysis of live data

Qualifications

Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. without any Visa sponsorship (including OPTs)
2+ years of relevant strong analytical experience with complex data
1-2+ years of hands-on work experience with SQL
1-2+ years of hands-on work experience with R / Python
Experienced problem solver and critical thinker
Great written and verbal communication skills
Ability to work simultaneously on different tasks and lead multiple projects
*The position requires occasional evening and weekend shifts (schedule is flexible) as we support a global client base

Life at Riskified


We are a fast-growing and dynamic startup with 450+ team members between our offices in Tel Aviv and New York City. We value collaboration and innovative thinking. We're looking for bright, driven, and passionate people to grow with us.

Some NYC Benefits & Perks:
Fully-covered medical, dental, and vision insurance from your first day
Stock options for all employees, 401(k) + matching, commuter benefits
Catered lunch, team events, healthy snacks, yoga, pilates, soccer league, and more
In The News


Fortune Magazine: 25 Best Workplaces in New York

Announcing Riskified's $165M Funding Round

Inc Magazine: Best Workplaces

Built In NYC: 100 Best Workplaces

Great Place to Work: Riskified

Crain's: Best Places to Work in New York City

TechCrunch: Riskified Prevents Fraud on Your Favorite eCommerce Site
Riskified is deeply committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
