We are building Duolingo's newly formed FP&A / Strategic Finance team as our revenue grows rapidly. We are looking for a data & business intelligence analyst who is hungry to help set up the foundational data elements of the finance team. You will serve as the bridge between the finance and data science teams and serve as the enabler of the strategic finance analyses. The successful candidate for this position has prior experience in data intensive roles and understands fundamental drivers of a business. This role will initially report to the Head of FP&A / Strategic Finance and will play an instrumental role in building the financial future of the company.

Duolingo is the most popular language learning application in the world, with over 300 million users and hundreds of billions of data points. We are passionate about educating our users, making fact-based decisions, and finding elegant solutions to complex problems. While we take our mission to heart, we don't take ourselves too seriously; we are creative, and we have fun at work everyday. If this sounds like you, then come help us build the next-generation learning company!

Responsibilities
Build intuitive and readable dashboards using visualization tools (e.g., Tableau, Plotly, Data Studio) and extract actionable insights
Partner with our data science team to develop data pipelines, scalable reporting packages, and assist with statistical methods to drive business results
Act as a thought partner in the selection of the company's key performance indicators (KPI), craft its definitions, and track the progress against those target metrics
Dissect multiple sources of data in a format applicable for strategic financial analyses
Perform data quality assessments and make recommendations for improvements
Influence bottoms-up data model design and develop your own data solutions as needed
Bridge analytics and finance, speaking both languages
Requirements
Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics or related field
2-5 years of experience in a data visualization, data scientist, or data analyst role
Expertise using SQL to extract, clean, and transform data in large, complex, nested, databases
Proficiency with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Data Studio for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation
Strong ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with meticulous attention to detail.
Demonstrated strong intellectual curiosity
Able to relocate to or work in our New York City office
Bonus Points
Experience with digital subscription and in-app purchase mobile businesses with millions of users
Experience at a high growth company that has undertaken an IPO
Expertise using Python or R to perform statistical analysis and modeling
An impressive Duolingo XP or streak!
