BulbHead is currently seeking a Data Analyst to join our team!

About:

Have you ever laid in bed late at night, couldnt sleep, turned on the TV, and gotten sucked in by an infomercial? Well, we promise, you are far from alone. Founded over 30 years ago, Telebrands is the original creator of the As Seen on TV logo and category of trade, and remains an industry-leading titan today. Our company sells consumer products, typically household goods, both direct-to-consumer and through mass retail chains, and these items can be found in over 50,000 locations nationwide. You may be familiar with some of our products and you may even have some at home, including Ped Egg, Star Shower, Pocket Hose, Red Copper Cookware, Atomic Beam Lights, and many more. Hit after hit, year after year, there is always a project to be excited about at our company.

Job Summary:

The Data and Insights Analyst will have a deep sense of curiosity, and will have the talent to turn passion for data into tools and insights to help efficiently drive growth. The analyst will work closely and collaborate with cross-functional teams, using sophisticated analytics to conduct experiments, produce analytical tools, make strategic recommendations and decisions, support customer-facing materials, and facilitate internal projects. This individual will lead and spearhead data-driven decision-making and will jump at the opportunity to use a variety of data sources to answer difficult questions. This person will take responsibility for the Data Architecture of multiple data sets, and should be familiar with building predictive models. The ideal candidate is a self-starter who is solutions-oriented, thrives under pressure, enjoys fast-paced work and is motivated by success. This is a great opportunity to leverage strong analytical skills and creative problem-solving to support and optimize product development, marketing, forecasting, and operations.

Benefits:
People. Work in a family-run company with skilled, committed, and supportive teammates who share your desire to optimize results, and have a commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion
Excellent medical, dental and vision benefits
A commitment to a collaborative work environment, including a vacation policy that requires team members take vacation
401k
Competitive and flexible compensation package
Responsibilities:
Participating in and leading all phases of analytic work: from problem definition to representation of results
Collaborating with the executive team to understand the analytical needs of our multichannel operations, and developing data-driven insights that are both strategic and operational
Formulating and championing insights on specific business tactics (such as inventory forecasting, analysis of marketing campaign impact, etc.), and driving those insights into action
Creating and implementing visualization tools
Leading design, QA, and analysis of A/B tests, and contributing to strategic decisions based on results
Qualifications:
1 + years SQL experience (Preferred)
1 + years Python experience (Preferred)
Bachelor's (Required)
Major in STEM (Preferred)
2 + years of data analytics experience, including 2-4 years of hands-on experience analyzing large and unstructured data sets centered in marketing operations, attribution, and predictive modeling
Excellent analytical reasoning, quantitative, and problem-solving skills, with the ability to come to rigorous and defensible solutions to complex and open-ended problems: Proven advanced Excel skills, experience designing new or creative analyses
Strong communication and presentation skills written, visual, and verbal
The ability to address multiple priorities in an extremely fast-paced environment
Collaboration and service mentality: Experience working day-to-day with cross-functional teams (marketing, sales, product development, operations)
Storytelling: Experience interpreting data, drawing key conclusions, and turning data sets into easily digestible, potentially customer-facing materials (slides, graphics)
Degree in an analytical field such as economics, stats/mathematics, or computer science, engineering
Ability to write and execute complex SQL queries using multiple joins and window functions, along with other scripting languages (Python, R)
Experience with visualization tools like Tableau, Chartio or Looker
Familiarity with Google BigQuery or other big data environments
Experience applying statistics to business problems
Passion for applying advanced technology and analytics to solve business problems
Ideal candidates will be familiar with pulling data from third party sources including Facebook, Google, Instagram, and other networks combined with internal databases
We are an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, ethnicity, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran, genetic information, marital status or any other legally protected status. We are committed to championing the inclusion of underrepresented employees. Inclusion is a team effort, and every team member is expected to participate in building a welcoming and

Indeed Hire and BulbHead are working together to find the best candidate for this job.

__
*

By applying, you agree to be contacted by our agent, Indeed Hire, and receive updates via text and phone about your application.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
data analytics: 2 years (Required)
SQL: 1 year (Preferred)
Python: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Job distance:
Fairfield, NJ: Between 31 and 40 miles (Preferred)
