About AB InBev

AB InBev is the leading global brewer and one of the world's top 5 consumer product companies. With over 500 beer brands, we're number one or two in many of the world's top beer markets: North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia, and Africa.

About BEES

ABI Digital is a digital organization within AB InBev building a platform to improve the ways retailers run their businesses and interact with the world's largest brewer. We provide transactional and educational resources to SMB retailers across the world to help reduce the overhead of their day-to-day operations and make their businesses more profitable. Today more than 700,000 SMB retailers, across 18 countries, use the BEES platform to transact with AB InBev and manage their business.

Our team is in search of a Behavioral Data Analyst to be a leader in our data organization and help us change the way retailers interact with AB InBev.

What You'll Do:
Leverage data to conduct analyses on products' new initiatives, strategies and product roadmap. Analytical insights are used to enhance our understanding of user behavior, predict future performance of new cohorts, and personalize products to better target users for new or existing products.
Define product metrics, including Key Performance Indicators, in close partnership with Product strategy and other leaders.
Create dashboards and reports to regularly communicate experimental results, ad-hoc deep dives, and monitor key metrics to internal stakeholders.
Create data pipelines to transform raw application data into a format usable for analysis with the use of SQL and open-sourced pipelining tools.
Present findings to senior management to inform business and product decisions.
Work closely with multiple product managers as thought partners. Collaborate with cross-functional teams like product, engineering, operations, and marketing, finance, growth, and more.
You Have
At least 2-3 years of experience in a quantitative analysis role.
BA/BS/MS in Math, Economics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, or other quantitative field preferred (advanced degrees are a plus).
Advanced SQL expertise; experience in a scripting language for analysis (R, Python, etc) is a plus!
Solid understanding of statistical methods.
Ability to deliver on tight timelines and move quickly while maintaining attention to detail.
Work closely with cross-functional teams to execute on decisions.
Ability to learn new methodologies, adapt to business needs, and to prioritize business goals.
Organized with the ability to work in a self-guided manner, but knows when to ask for help.
Superb communication, collaboration, and organizational skills with a general love of problem solving.
