Haven Life is an insurtech innovator at MassMutual that offers a new way to get life insurance online that's actually simple.

We combine the culture of a startup with the stability and backing of a Fortune 500 company to create an environment that's truly unique.

Our diverse team is comprised of smart, collaborative people who think big, execute quickly and don't take themselves too seriously. We're located in New York's Flatiron District and in case you're wondering, yes, we provide free snacks. Cold brew too.

If you're creative, professional and kind, we'd love to hear from you.

ABOUT THIS ROLE:

We are looking for an individual with an enduring curiosity about data and with an interest in evolving best practices and tools. In collaboration with other team members, you will help shape the vision, planning, and execution of Haven technology and product innovation. You will:
Partner closely with product managers, engineers, designers, marketing, insurance experts, and other team members to improve customer experience and enhance our business.
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing analysis to various business areas within the Haven Life team.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Inform, influence, and support product in making data driven decisions.
Identify data needs and gaps, and work with developers to devise solutions in data gathering, ingestion, and modeling.
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources
Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
Ad hoc support for key business needs or requests.
REQUIREMENTS
BS/BA Required
Minimum 1+ years of experience in a Data Analyst role
Comfortable using BI tools to analyze and manipulate data, such as SQL, Tableau, and Qlik
Strong skills in data extraction, cleaning, analysis and visualization (e.g. SQL, Python, R)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; Ability to present and communicate findings in a clear manner to a variety of audiences.
Strong work ethic, intellectual curiosity and attention to detail.
PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS
3-5 years of experience in a Data Analytics role
Strong background working with coding languages Python/R
Qualified applicants must be authorized to work in the US without sponsorship
Must be able to work full time from our Manhattan office
BENEFITS

We pay competitive base salaries and we reward performance. Our salary structure is commensurate with experience. In addition, you'll be eligible to participate in our comprehensive benefits program including medical insurance and 401(K).

Andiamo is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Andiamo provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Andiamo complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply by submitting their resume as an MS word document including a cover letter with a summary of relevant qualifications, highlighting clearly any special or relevant experience.
