NYU Grossman School of Medicine is one of the nation’s top-ranked medical schools. For 175 years, NYU Grossman School of Medicine has trained thousands of physicians and scientists who have helped to shape the course of medical history and enrich the lives of countless people. An integral part of NYU Langone Health, the Grossman School of Medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care. For more information, go to med.nyu.edu, and interact with us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.

Position Summary:

We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Data Science Analyst/Engineer.

The individual will be positioned to contribute to analytics efforts at NYULH. By teaming up with clinicians, operations and administrative teams, the individual will develop innovative and impactful data-driven healthcare solutions. The Data Scientist/Engineer will report to Dr. Johnson, while working closely with other members of the Division of Healthcare Delivery Science, Datacore, MCIT, and NYU healthcare community at large.

Job Responsibilities:
Performs other duties as assigned.
Lead specific dataoriented projects of high importance, including development, deployment, and evaluation
Design and build data solutions using state of the art machine learning and informatics methods; deploy and integrate these products within the larger ecosystem of healthcare infrastructure at NYULMC
Work with large, complex and noisy clinical datasets for solving challenging problems in the healthcare domain
Build and engineer workflows to collect, store, clean and process structured as well as unstructured data, verify their integrity and appropriateness for specific business processes and analytics systems
Manage associate data scientists, engineers, and clinically trained professionals for testing novel approaches, implementation, maintenance, and improvement of predictive models.
Collaborate with the overall NYULMC healthcare community and contribute to ongoing predictive modeling / analytics efforts
Prepare and present results, reports, both oral and written, to a variety of audiences, concerning processes, models, evaluation, and impact (ROI)
Minimum Qualifications:
To qualify you must have a Master degree in a quantitative discipline (Biomedical Informatics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics or similar field) and 3 years of
experience in machine learning/ data science.
Proficiency in at least one programming language (Python, R) and machine learning tools.
Knowledge of predictive modeling and machine learning concepts, including design, development, evaluation, deployment and scaling to large datasets.
Familiarity with computing models for big data – Hadoop / MapReduce, Spark etc.
Knowledge of databases (Relational / SQL, NOSQL, MongoDB etc.)
Good grasp of software engineering principles. Experience in integrating modern software architectures.
Knowledge and some experience in operational aspects of software development and deployment, including automation, testing, virtualization and container technology.
Knowledge of clinical and operational aspects of healthcare delivery.
Excellent written and oral communication skills for a variety of audiences.
Preferred Qualifications:
PhD degree in a quantitative field (Biomedical Informatics, Computer Science, Machine Learning, Applied Statistics, Mathematics or similar field) + 2 years experience.
Demonstrated skills in design and implementation of complex machine learning models.
Demonstrated knowledge of software engineering and operational skills through prior projects.
Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Grossman School of Medicine is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.

If you wish to view NYU Grossman School of Medicine’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
