Help us Build the Future of Money

Gemini Trust Company, LLC (Gemini) is a licensed digital asset exchange and custodian. We built the Gemini platform so customers can buy, sell, and store digital assets (e.g., Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Zcash) in a regulated, secure, and compliant manner.

Digital assets and blockchain technology have the power to transform the world for good. This truth, along with our core values, form the bedrock of our company and culture. At Gemini, no job is too small and no project too big as we endeavor to build the future of money. We are a mission-driven, team-based, inclusive, and determined community of thought leaders who invest in each other and the long game. Join us in our mission!

THE DEPARTMENT: FINANCIAL OPERATIONS, & ACCOUNTING

The Financial Operations and Accounting Teams at Gemini are thought leaders in the digital asset accounting and reconciliation space. Our mandate is to bridge the traditional world of finance with the innovation of cryptocurrency products, providing our clients with a best-in-class financial institution experience.

THE ROLE: SENIOR DATA ANALYST

As a member of our data team, you'll shape the way we approach data at Gemini by using your analytical and communication skills to work with teams across the business. If you pride yourself on being the most organized and meticulous person in the room and love to automate and make processes more efficient, we'd love to hear from you.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Partner with business stakeholders to research and analyze data-driven insights
Design and maintain complex and digestible dashboards
Automate and streamline reporting for our business metrics and KPIs
Continuously improve and organize our data and schemas
Work with SQL and other database access tools and methods to address business or technical requirements
Enhance and maintenance the capabilities of Business Analytics tools
Audit and validate daily data production processes to ensure critical data deliverables are available to clients the following morning
Assist in creating documentation for data operation workflows, new data requirement specifications, and test cases for QA
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field or commensurate work experience
Excellent Quantitative Analytic Skills
3+ years experience working with various transactional and/or analytical database systems in a quantitative or analytical role
Advanced knowledge of SQL and Excel
Experience scripting in Unix/Linux environment
Experience with business intelligence reporting tools
Strong written and verbal communications skills
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience working collaboratively across different teams and departments
Familiarity with Python, R, or Postgres
Knowledge and experience of the finance or trading space
Self-starter, who is both disciplined and accountable for delivering accurate and timely results
The successful candidate will be adaptable, results-focused and can work individually or as part of a team.
Experience with financial reporting is a plus
It Pays to Work Here

We take a holistic approach to compensation at Gemini, which includes:
Competitive base salaries across all departments
Ownership in the company via profit sharing units
Amazing benefits, 401k match contribution, and flexible hours
Snacks, Perks, Wellness Outings & Events
Gemini is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or Veteran status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know.
