Summary:

The International Equity Group manages ~$8bn in equity portfolios using a fundamental stock picking approach. The team builds investment portfolios comprised of companies which are profitable, growing, and trade at attractive valuations.

The team is looking for a Portfolio Data Analyst to work closely with the portfolio manager to integrate both internal and external data into the investment process. The ideal candidate will be comfortable with investment metrics as well as data sets, in order to help develop a market and portfolio view.

Responsibilities:

Serve as the coordinator and consolidator of all data sets created and consumed by the team, including market data (Bloomberg, etc.) as well as analytical tools (Excel, Tableau, etc.). Though the Portfolio Data Analyst will be primarily working with one Portfolio Manager, s/he will have the opportunity to work with various members of the team on a range of issues, including:
Implementing a Research Management System (RMS) including the creation and implementation of Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Aggregate market data and holdings information as inputs into optimal portfolio construction and risk management.
Work with analysts to deepen the use of data by the team’s Analysts and Portfolio Managers.
Help with producing and publishing market research to share with clients via presentation and White Papers.
Strengthen and improve existing processes around ESG information and broker use.
Requirements:
2+ years of experience in IT, business and/or financial analysis.
Familiarity with basic financial principles and metrics including financial statements and ratios, as well as economic and market data.
Applicants must be systems- & process-oriented. Experience in project management a plus as well as having above-average knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Bloomberg & Tableau.
The ideal candidate will be detail oriented, a quick learner, and keen to work at the heart of the portfolio management process. S/he will demonstrate initiative, be a problem solver, and have the confidence to ask difficult questions.
Neuberger Berman is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. The Firm and its affiliates do not discriminate in employment because of race, creed, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship status or protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, rules, or regulations. If you would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or need assistance completing the application process, please contact onlineaccommodations@nb.com.

Learn about the Applicant Privacy Notice.
