"This role is currently work-from-home and will move to the office environment after the COVID-19 restrictions are lifted.

6 month contract
Responsibilities:
Partner with senior business sponsors, platform supervision, and business management to enhance and support a highly visible front office Big Data project and trade blotter application
Attend regular meetings and interface with various front office users and technical teams related to the project
Effectively coordinate and work with Front Office users, operations, and compliance professionals.
Complete detailed documentation required for various phases of the SDLC
Effectively solicit and gather business requirements from relevant stakeholders
Analyze and document user requirements and determine systems needs
Test new / enhanced surveillance scenarios and assist developers "de-bug .
Setup JAD session with relevant stakeholders
Provide Technical Documentation as needed
Develop UAT test plans and test scripts for users to perform.
Coordinate UAT with required stakeholders and hold status meetings to assess progress.
Provide functional support for new releases and liaise with developers as needed.
Work on multiple projects and respect aggressive schedule where support may include extra hours, nights and weekends.
Minimum required qualifications
Experience with Front Office traders, IT support and Operation teams in a Capital Markets domain.
Knowledge and experience in regulatory reporting field.
Strong written communication skills in front office setting.
Experience in conducting detailed business and operational analysis for problem identification, system deployment and system enhancement.
Experience in compiling detailed documentation that supports the business analysis.
Advanced Project Management skills
Advanced data analysis skills in Excel, SQL and database skills (SQL Server, Oracle, Postgres)
Ability to manage conflicting requests on time in a continually fast moving environment
Must be a self-starter with attention to detail

Preferred qualifications:
Strong knowledge of capital markets products and processes
Strong knowledge of capital markets regulatory environment pertaining to trades, orders , and reporting requirements
Advanced experience with SDLC process including working closely with developers, IT support, and architects
Experience with programming languages including JAVA, J2EE, Python or others is a plus
Experience with Big Data, Machine Learning, AI or robotics projects is a plus
