Who we are
Criteo (NASDAQ: CRTO) is the global technology company powering the worlds marketers with trusted and impactful advertising. 2,800 Criteo team members partner with over 20,000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels, by applying advanced machine learning to unparalleled data sets. Criteo empowers companies of all sizes with the technology they need to better know and serve their customers.

As a member of the Brand Analytics team, a part of the rapidly expanding Criteo Retail Media Platform, you will utilize our MASSIVE set of shopper data to provide actionable insights and recommendations for some of the largest consumer brands in the US. With a network that includes many of the largest US retailers (Walmart, Best Buy, Target, Macy's...) we leverage our unique position to provide our brand advertisers with visibility into shopper behavior, market trends, and product performance that can't be found anywhere else. The scope of this role involves technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units and external clients.
Criteos high-growth business model brings both opportunities and challenges. This position requires working with large sets of data to solve complex business problems by thinking strategically and proposing innovative solutions. The ideal candidate functions with minimal oversight and has the ability to learn new concepts quickly.
What you'll do
Be a part of the Brand Analytics team under Criteo Retail Media
Build tools and reports using Python, query languages (Hive/Presto/Vertica/SQL), Tableau, and other technologies to satisfy the needs of internal and external clients
Focus on creating scalable solutions that give autonomy to the end-user and minimize ad hoc work
Serve a central role with a global scope that bridges the gap between Sales & Operations and Research & Development
Identify high-value business, insight, and reporting needs then prioritize, scope, and build solutions
Who you are
Bachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Data Science, Engineering/Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, etc.)
1+ year work experience with a SQL-like query language, Python, and/or R
Clear communicator who can explain and understand complex problems while dealing with both non-technical and highly-technical teams
Ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervision
Intellectual curiosity coupled with exceptional attention to detail
Why you'll love us
At Criteo, life is full of contagious energy, hard work, passion and the occasional scooter race.
Everything at Criteo is driven by the hunger to succeed and fueled by a little bit of madness.
Criteo has many perks: full covered health care & life insurance, gym allowance, and a well-stocked kitchen!
Every office is filled with equal measures of hard work and playfulness. From yoga to rooftop parties, early morning kale smoothies to late night karaoke sessions we do it all, together!

At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.

Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.
