Position SummaryOur Team: Media Strategy and AnalyticsThe Media Strategy & Analytics team (MSA) acts as an internal media team that handles the strategy, execution, and reporting of all paid & owned media vehicles with the goal of driving viewership across TV, digital and direct-to-consumer (DTC) products for all of Discovery, Inc's 16+ networks (Discovery, HGTV, Food Network, TLC, etc.) and direct-to-consumer products (MotorTrend, GOLFTV, Dplay, etc.).Media Science is a growing discipline in the media team. The business encompasses both paid media for TV and direct-to-consumer business and owned assets, which have seen exponential growth in data collection and management. Join a data-driven team that is building out a Media Science discipline incorporating big data sets, automation and visualizations to drive media efficiencies and effectiveness.The OpportunityAs TV steers into the world of DTC and streaming, the Media Science Big Data Analyst will drill into the cross-platform evolution of the business. Sitting at the intersection of media and big data, the role will query/mine data across traditional linear, TVE and DTC viewing behaviors and conversions to improve media efficacy and drive revenue generating outcomes.The role will help buildout the internal reporting infrastructure for viewership data and support advanced business initiatives including real-time optimization, media mix modeling and multi-touch methodologies. Join a media team that is building out smart tv advanced analytics in-house. If you possess a combination of both data engineering and research/analytical skills to tackle big data, love TV and thrive on asking "what if ?", come join us.Responsibilities1. Query and analyze raw data including smart tv data, campaign exposure data and other datasets (e.g. digital and app measurement partners) to drive media business requirements and outcomes2. Analyze ecosystem metrics across linear, TVE and DTC, producing automated dashboards for media partners while identifying larger consumer shifts and business opportunities3. Interpret paid and owned media performance across platforms and channels to define audience opportunities, media mix model strategies and multi-touch methodologies4. Utilize big datasets to analyze and extract deep learnings to guide media strategy and optimization5. Develop automated data visualizations (e.g. Tableau, Gsheet) to explain/display complex datasets empowering business stakeholders with context6. Collaborate with other analysts to build out and maintain dashboards7. Work with data science to test supervised and unsupervised learning models and build algorithmic solutions8. Work with data engineering to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse "big data" sources9. Write queries and code to extract relevant data from various platforms10. Help ensure that data is accurate and consistent throughout the organization11. Scope and manage ad-hoc analytics projects driven by the needs of the companyRequirements* Bachelor's degree in a subject such as Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, etc. Master's Degree preferred* 2+ years of relevant work-related experience working with large datasets* Experience with TV viewing data. Media Industry experience and/or ad tech would be a plus* Strong SQL experience, ability to perform effective querying and analysis of data from multiple sources* Working knowledge of AWS Big Data Tools: S3, Red Shift, Athena* Working knowledge of Python, R, SQL* Experience doing data extraction, transformation, and reporting* Experience with source control system, ideally Github* Understanding of Predictive Analytics* Machine learning experience is a nice to have* Highly proficient mathematics, including probability* Visualization experience (Tableau or other tools)* Ability to prioritize tasks and resolve problems in a timely manner* Ability to work autonomously, multi-task and work in a fast-paced environment* Ability to work in agile environments* Ability to understand business problems, draw conclusions from data and offer solutions* Professional/polished communicator* Team player* Extremely detail oriented and organized* Self-starter, willing to get hands dirty and "make it happen."* Must have the legal right to work in the United StatesNearest Major Market: ManhattanNearest Secondary Market: New York City
