Healthcare Data Analyst

Position Description


The Healthcare Data Analyst will work on multiple aspects of data processing and analytics at FAIR Health, including but not limited to the processes used to create FAIR Health data products and the analytics used to support and evaluate those products. Working with multiple FAIR Health stakeholders, this position will have responsibilities throughout the product design and development lifecycle, translating business needs into data driven deliverables and analyses.

This person will have a strong analytic background and have an ability to read and understand data and extract information from it. They will be able to develop reports and analyses which clearly identify and communicate results. This person will also have an understanding of healthcare claims data and a working knowledge of coding (CPT, HCPCS, ICD, etc.).

Primary Responsibilities
Build and automate custom data processes using workflow tools.
Translate business needs into data driven deliverables and analyses.
Design and develop analytic reports and data visualizations.
Understand and analyze healthcare claims data to identify trends, patterns and other salient information.
Create, merge, and query large datasets.
Interpret data analysis results and present conclusions to multiple internal teams.
Work with statistical analytical toolsets such as SAS/R to produce database tables, statistical results and graphical representations.
Skills and Requirements
Required
Strong analytical skills
Ability to conduct research and analysis on large data sets, interpret results, and communicate findings.
Proficient in SQL, PL/SQL, or equivalent database query language.
Functional knowledge of workflow engines and batch jobs.
Experience working with large databases.
Strong knowledge of business intelligence tools, such as Tableau, SAS, etc.
Expert ability with Excel.
Strong interpersonal skills, including the ability to work in a highly cross-functional, multi-location organization.
BS in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Public Health, or related degree.
Preferred
Experience working as a data analyst.
Experience working in the healthcare industry.
Understanding of healthcare data and analyses, including but not limited to medical claims data.
Working knowledge of healthcare coding (CPT, HCPCS, ICD, revenue codes, DRG).
MS in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Public Health, or related degree.
Interested candidates should submit their resume to resumes@fairhealth.org. Please include “Healthcare Data Analyst” and your last name in the subject line.

FAIR Health, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and an e-verify participant.
