A career at New York Life offers many opportunities. To be part of a growing and successful business. To reach your full potential, whatever your specialty. Above all, to make a difference in the world by helping people achieve financial security. It’s a career journey you can be proud of, and you’ll find plenty of support along the way. Our development programs range from skill-building to management training, and we value our diverse and inclusive workplace where all voices can be heard. Recognized as one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies, New York Life is committed to improving local communities through a culture of employee giving and service, supported by our Foundation. It all adds up to a rewarding career at a company where doing right by our customers is part of who we are, as a mutual company without outside shareholders. We invite you to bring your talents to New York Life, so we can continue to help families and businesses “Be Good At Life.” To learn more, please visit LinkedIn, our Newsroom and the Careers page of www.NewYorkLife.com.

The Position

The Data Strategy, Governance & Enablement (DSG&E) team provides transformative data capabilities and solutions that serve as an enterprise data, reporting, and analytics platform for the core insurance group at New York Life (NYL).

The team is in search of a strong programmer to serve as one of the primary experts of marketing and service data at NYL. This role will focus on making data readily available and consumable in a central data hub. The role will also entail sourcing historical data elements from the vast network of legacy systems into the company’s future-state data architecture. The candidate will work closely with the technology team to make decisions impacting the modernization of the company’s data architecture going forward. The role will also support the DSG&E team’s ongoing, client-based initiatives, ultimately providing solutions to a wide range of internal stakeholders across the business. Note: This is an individual-contributor role. Also, while this is a Business-facing role, there will be heavy interaction with Technology teams.

Responsibilities:
Interact with data modelers to export, transform, and load data elements from existing data sources for use in the creation of new, user-friendly tables in the Data Hub
Analyze internal data architecture and data integrations to identify inefficiencies. Make best practice recommendations for modeling business data and BI solutions.
Actively engage with application teams & testing teams across the organization to understand the data requirements, data flows, data entities and data relationships
Make recommendations for business rules related to combining data across subject matters (product, customer, and agent) and create model ready dataset for consumption by stakeholders
Oversee data quality and ensure data is properly translated for consumption by end business users
Execute on various requests by sourcing raw data from multiple databases, tables and systems
Works independently to prototype new data solutions that support business teams in their ad hoc reporting responsibilities
Interface with Business teams to understand business strategies, requirements, and pain points that can be addressed by data and business solutions
Define test scenarios and prepare test scripts to support business and technology teams in end-to-end QA testing efforts
Requirements:
Minimum 3-5 years work experience
Strong programming/coding background (SAS, R, Python)
Strong SQL background (TOAD, SQL Workbench)
Strong background with Oracle database designs
Experience with data lakes and cloud implementations
Ability to define test strategies and approaches
Ability to explain technical solutions to technical and non-technical teams
Analytical and critical thinking skills required
Must be very organized and have excellent problem-solving skills
Must be team oriented and able to interact with a diverse group
A proactive self-starter with the ability to work independently with limited supervision
Bachelors Degree
SF: LI-CC1

SF: LI-PC1

EOE M/F/D/V

If you have difficulty using or interacting with any portions of this Web site due to incompatibility with an Assistive Technology, if you need the information in an alternative format, or if you have suggestions on how we can make this site more accessible, please contact us at: (212) 576-5811.
