Position Overview


About the Position
The Budget Analyst performs budget, fiscal, and research analyses from a departmental and countywide perspective in the areas of Budget Development, Budget Administration, Multi-Year Planning, and Management Services. The Analyst makes recommendations to County Administration so they can make well-informed policy and budgetary decisions.

NOTE: This position requires access to a computer and high-speed internet. Candidates for this position must be able to telework.

About the Budget Office
The mission of the Maricopa County Budget Office is to support County Leadership by providing research and resource allocation recommendations for their consideration as they advance the County’s goals of exceptional customer service and a lean and efficient government.

Position Qualifications
We recognize your time is valuable, so please apply if you meet the following required qualifications.

Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Public or Business Administration or a related field.
Experience
Two (2) years of professional experience in budgeting or financial management in the public or private sectors.
OR

Combined education and experience qualifications
A Master’s degree or higher in a related field may substitute for the minimum education and experience requirements.
Our Preferred Candidate has
Master's Degree in Public or Business Administration or a related field and two (2) years of professional experience in budgeting or financial management.
Essential Job Tasks
Prepares budget development and consolidation documents, including budget baselines, analysis reports, recommendations, agreements, and research reports.
Performs budget administration services, including monthly forecast analysis, position management analysis, and board agenda item review.
Reviews, analyzes, and makes recommendations concerning funding requests for new or expanded programs.
Monitors, reports, and evaluates results of the program and other performance measures.
Consults with departments on long-range forecasts of revenues, expenditures, demands for services, and other business issues.
Researches specific management and policy issues for executive management.
Completes special projects as assigned.
Working Conditions
General office environment. Position may require occasional travel to and from job-related locations during a scheduled workday, subject to County policies regarding the use of County vehicles and/or private vehicles used on County business. Requires working standard business hours Monday through Friday, and may be required to work after hours, on weekends and/or holidays as needed during the pressing months of the budget cycle. Limited availability for vacation use from January to June.

Must be able to telework.

Selection Procedure

The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs.

All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices.

Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to the midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity, and budgetary allowances.

Maricopa County is an EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer.

Maricopa County offers a Total Compensation Package that includes competitive salaries and a comprehensive, affordable benefits package. High value is placed on employee well-being and meeting the needs of our employees and their families. Our benefits package is comprised of traditional benefits like medical, prescription, dental, vision, and other health benefits. Employees are supported by various wellness programs including classes, coaching, and fitness center opportunities. Our generous benefit options are some of the best in Arizona and just one of the unique advantages of working for Maricopa County. Below is a representative listing of typical benefits received by most full-time employees.

Holidays and Leave
Maricopa County observes ten paid holidays per year. Most County employees accrue vacation (starting at three weeks per year for full-time employees) and sick leave (starting at one hour for every 30 hours worked for all employees). Employees also receive paid leave for other needs such as jury duty, civic duty, and bereavement.

Medical, Prescription, Behavioral Health, Dental, Vision, and Flexible Spending Accounts
We understand how important health care is to maintaining a good quality of life. We also know our employees want to have the freedom to choose benefit plans to best meet their needs. Eligible employees may choose from four medical plan options, an HMO, PPO, and two HDHP (High Deductible Health Plans) with a health savings account. When employees enroll in medical coverage, they are automatically enrolled in prescription and behavioral health coverage as well. There are three dental plans from which to choose, two PPO plans and a pre-paid dental plan that functions like an HMO. As is the case with medical, the plans range in cost, flexibility, and network of providers. The vision plan provides employees and their covered dependents access to routine vision services and materials, including an annual eye exam. For those who wish to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for eligible healthcare and dependent care expenses, the flexible spending accounts are suitable for that need.

Life and Disability Insurance
Because life sometimes takes unexpected turns, the County offers life insurance coverage to help employees and their loved ones in the event of death. Basic life and basic accidental death & dismemberment insurance equivalent to one times an employee's annual base salary is provided at no cost, with the option for employees to purchase additional coverage including spouse and child life insurance. Disability insurance is available to replace a portion of an employee's salary should they experience a short-term illness or injury.

Retirement
Eligible employees are covered by one of several State-sponsored retirement pension plans, including the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS) and the Public Safety Personnel Retirement System (PSPRS). Additionally, there's the option to contribute to a 457(b) Savings Plan that provides employees with a variety of investment opportunities. For those employees who retire from the County and from their retirement system, and have accrued 1,000 or more hours of sick leave, the County makes a $10,000 contribution to a Post-Employment Health Plan set up on their behalf to be used for payment of eligible out-of-pocket healthcare expenses.

Group Legal Plan
Maricopa County offers employees group discounts to purchase coverage for legal services such as adoptions, family matters, wills and trusts.

Wellness
Maricopa County's Wellness Works program promotes health and wellness for employees and their families by focusing on physical activity, good nutrition, self-care and stress management. Maricopa County offers eligible employees a wellness incentive for completing required activities. By meeting a set of criteria, employees and their families can get reimbursed for participating in a Weight Watchers Program. On-site fitness facilities and fitness classes are provided to employees at various locations around the County. Employees and their families also have the opportunity to receive a discounted fitness club membership at LA Fitness. Employees have access to smoking cessation programs and health-related classes on various topics including nutrition, exercise and stress management. Employees located downtown benefit from an onsite pharmacy and clinic. Every fall, flu vaccines are offered to employees at various County locations.

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
When employees and their families are faced with personal issues, confidential, short-term counseling and referral services are available to them at no cost.

Employee Discounts
Maricopa County subscribes to a service association which provides employees with volume discounts for sporting events, entertainment, and many other services.

Commute Options Program (COP)
Maricopa County provides free Valley Metro passes for the bus and light rail systems for commuting to/from work; a vanpool subsidy is also provided. Employees can decrease stress, decrease wear and tear on their vehicle and help the environment all at the same time.

New Employee Orientation (NEO) NEO provides new employees with information about Maricopa County such as: history, organizational structure, Merit Rules, County policies and procedures, County pay system and benefits and employee programs.

Rewarding Ideas/Employee Suggestions
Employees are provided with incentives to generate ideas for improvements that result in cost reduction through increased efficiency and productivity, improved processes and procedures and elimination of duplication and waste. Our employees' ideas could put money in their pocket!!

Tuition Reimbursement
To promote Maricopa County's long term employee retention objectives, our employees are eligible to receive financial assistance to continue their education, help make them more productive, enhance their job performance, and equip them to pursue new opportunities within County government.

To learn more about the County's generous benefits, visit the Maricopa County Employee Benefits and Wellness website.

01

Prior to hire, background investigations are conducted on candidates for positions. All information contained in your online application must be accurate, including but not limited to criminal history, education details, and employment details. Incomplete or inaccurate information contained in your online application may delay the background investigation process, or result in your removal from employment consideration.

NOTE: Your resume is NOT a substitute for the information requested in the online application.
By checking this box, I confirm that I have reviewed all information provided in my online application and believe the information to be complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge.

02

Please identify your highest level of education COMPLETED.

IMPORTANT: LIST ALL EDUCATION IN THE APPLICABLE SECTION OF THE APPLICATION.

Please indicate type of diploma/degree, college major/minor, and name of institution.

If you did not complete a degree program, include your high school diploma/GED information, as well as the number of college semester/quarter hours completed.

NOTE: Failure to provide complete information will likely result in the disqualification of your application.
Doctorate
Master's degree
Bachelor's degree
Associate's degree
Technical school (non-Associate's degree)
High School diploma or GED
Less than a High School diploma or GED certificate

03

Please identify your years of experience in budgeting or financial management.
6 or more years
5 or more years but less than 6 years
4 or more years but less than 5 years
3 or more years but less than 4 years
2 or more years but less than 3 years
1 or more years but less than 2 years
Less than 1 year
No experience

04

If you indicated in the previous question that you have experience, please describe that experience and include your title, name of agency you worked for and your main responsibilities. Indicate "N/A" if you do not have experience.

05

The Budget Analyst position does require the ability to telework.

If offered the position, are you willing and able to accept?
Yes
No

06

Do you have access to a computer and high-speed internet?
Yes
No

07

If you indicated in the previous question that you do not have access to a computer or high-speed internet, please explain.

Indicate "N/A" if you are able to have access.

* Required Question
