About Us

We’re a growing company. Everything we do, we do to help people grow. Our mission is to be a partner in progress on each unique journey to hair wellness. We provide personalized, natural solutions for healthy hair growth and connect people with doctors who care about hair. We challenge existing treatments and methodologies to continue to advance the frontier of hair science. As we help our customers grow, we grow too- through diversity & inclusion, teamwork & collaboration, and through empowering ourselves and others with our passion for wellness and innovation.

#KeepGrowing. It’s our mantra- a voice of encouragement for hair and humanity, motivating people to grow in the best ways possible: personally, spiritually, and exceptionally.

About You

We are open to remote applicants on the East Coast.

**This will be a short time assignment**
You will help Nutrafol make informed data-driven decisions, and support our leadership team with critical insights into the business. You are incredibly detail oriented, and enjoy the deep dive into the data and love the nuances, and have the ability to connect dots across multiple views of the business. We are looking for somebody who is passionate about finding answers and solving problems, but wants to have fun doing it! This role requires someone comfortable questioning conclusions and challenging assumptions while backing up their arguments with a strong case and evidence.

Responsibilities:
Run ad hoc data queries in response to leadership requests.
Investigate data discrepancies and help us explain any potential gaps in various reporting methods.
Assist with validation of new reporting and data analysis.
Assist with creation of new reports and queries to provide new insights for the business.
Assist finance and operations teams with manual reporting on an ongoing basis to optimize the business.
Requirements:
3-5 years of experience in a relevant role.
Expert level in SQL and pulling data out of multiple systems.
Expert in excel, and ability to analyze, pivot and graph complex datasets.
Expert in Snowflake or other similar data warehouse technology.
Expert or some experience with Tableau nice to have.
Basic to mid level understanding of business and financial concepts including revenue calculations, retention models, etc.
Ability to take csv, tsv and xls exports of data and load them up for ad hoc querying in different methods.
Incredibly strong analytical and investigative abilities to dig through data in pursuit of answers or insights.
Ability to respond quickly to ad hoc requests and manage time effectively.
Company Perks:
Great medical, dental and vision package.
Competitive salary.
401K with 50% match.
Flexible PTO.
Fitness reimbursement program.
Quarterly social events.
Vibrant start-up culture.
Free Nutrafol Membership and access to in-house Naturopathic Doctors.
Other perks that support working remotely.
