Nice to meet you, we're Vesta Healthcare.

Vesta Healthcare is a startup with a simple mission: Delivering extraordinary outcomes by unlocking the power of caregivers. Caregivers are one of the largest, most untapped resources in the healthcare delivery system and are the unsung heroes of their care recipients. Yet despite their vital role, they are largely unsupported and invisible to the healthcare ecosystem.

At Vesta Healthcare, we enable people with personal assistance to thrive at home, in their community by assuring the people they rely on, their caregivers, have the resources, data, and support they need. We achieve this through a combination of analytics, technology, services, and deep healthcare expertise. Our analytics help identify and target the right people and populations. Our technology creates real-time connectivity and actionable data out of observations. Our services connect to real people who can help when needs arise, and our healthcare expertise helps us understand how we create value for both payers and providers.

Our program monitors in real-time, identifying issues before they become health events, and helping connect those in need with those who can help via technologies such as video, chat, and telephone. Our technology platform includes home-based mobile applications, a clinical dashboard, and data analytics on data not previously available to health professionals. We are disrupting a $109 billion industry and have just closed our latest funding round with a blue-chip list of investors.

We're looking to add to our team of experts who care deeply about our mission.

Our team is passionate, driven, collaborative, intellectually curious, and excited about the opportunity to transform our healthcare system. We're inspired by caregivers and seek to create a platform that recognizes, utilizes and supports the vital role they play. We strive to continuously learn, explore, experiment and achieve results. We are here to improve the quality of life for caregivers and care recipients, allowing them to focus on the important things (like going to the mall with their grandkids)

The ideal teammate would be…

A data management/analyst who enjoys working with healthcare data so as to support clinicians, software developers, and senior leadership with the information and self help tools they need to succeed in growing our business. A lively curiosity about health care data and analytical tools is greatly desired.

The ideal teammate would be able to:
Understand the needs and opportunities across our internal and external stakeholders
Create, update, and distribute analytic reports on a recurring basis
Learn new data related skills and processes
Learn health care claim (UB04, HCFA 1500) formats and analysis
Share and teach skills to others on the data team
Work as part of a larger team and helping other teams in achieving their goals
Continue to push the boundaries of what technology can do to empower our caregivers and clinicians to improve health outcomes for our patients
Would you describe yourself as someone who has:
A College degree (required)
5+ years experience working with health care data (e.g. claims, app output, CMS HCC, SDOH, clinical research) in queries or BI tools (required)
Experience analyzing operational data and correlations it may have to clinical outcomes data
MS Excel or Google Sheets advanced ability (pivot tables, formatting, graphics) (required)
Experience with BI tools such as Tableau (highly desired)
Experience with SQL, SAS, Python, SPSS or other analytic tools for data management and informatics
Attention to detail along with a true love of data patterns, error detection and correction
Ability to be a story-teller with data - to see and articulate clearly the story behind the numbers
Intellectual curiosity around finding the "why" and digging deep to find patterns others might miss
Passion about our mission to improve people's lives
Comfort in a dynamic and always evolving start-up environment
If yes, then we look forward to speaking to you!

Vesta Healthcare is committed to leveraging the talent of a diverse workforce to create great opportunities for our business and our people. Vesta Healthcare is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. Candidates are selected without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, marital status, or sexual orientation, in accordance with federal and state law.
