Requisition ID: 87418

Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become better off.

The e-GFI QS team is looking for a new team member who will work in close collaboration with US Fixed Income trading to apply quantitative techniques to the US Rates Sales & Trading business line. The team is composed of individuals possessing a mix of skills including business knowledge, mathematical modelling, programming, machine learning, and data science. This position is appropriate for someone who wants to help solve the complex problems arising from the mission to bring a high degree of automation to the Fixed Income trading business. This role will be a crucial team member in what is a top strategic priority for Global Banking and Markets.

Is this role right for you?
Develop data-driven models to facilitate automatic pricing, risk management, hedge selection and execution
Prioritize a key initiative to deliver client value reporting
Responsibility for developing and maintaining US Rates’ tick data infrastructure in conjunction with IT to ensure fidelity of data and accuracy of model outputs
The ability to work as an extension of the trading desk, understanding markets/trading , generating analytics, making recommendations, and driving total P&L
The ability to communicate effectively between the traders, technologists, and other team members
Do you have the skills you need to succeed? We'd love to work with you if you have:
Experience with KDB or other tick DB
Experience or familiarity with FICC Trading
Excellent mathematical skills
Familiarity with reinforcement learning, neural networks or other machine learning techniques
A Masters or PhD in a quantitative field or a BSc with significant relevant experience
Familiarity with coding in Python
Knowledge of Scala or another functional programming language, or willing to learn
Self-motivation and an entrepreneurial attitude towards problem solving and the pursuit of process improvement
Location(s): United States : New York : New York City

As Canada's International Bank, we are a diverse and global team. We speak more than 100 languages with backgrounds from more than 120 countries. Our employees are committed to a superior customer experience and use the Bank’s six guiding sales practice principles to ensure they act with honesty and integrity.

At Scotiabank, we value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to the Bank, and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format documents, ASL Interpreter, or Assistive Technology) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. If you require technical assistance, please click here. Candidates must apply directly online to be considered for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in a career at Scotiabank; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted.
