Position Overview

ABOUT THE MARICOPA COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE:
Do you possess integrity, strong interpersonal skills, and do you have a desire to serve your community? The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) invites you to become part of Arizona's leading law enforcement agency. We are seeking passionate individuals to join our team with a variety of openings for Civilian, Detention and Sworn personnel. We come together as a team to support and provide public safety. We are OneMCSO – become one with us!

ABOUT THE POSITION:
The Management Analyst assigned in the Policy Development Section of the Administrative Services Division analyzes, researches, develops, and implements Maricopa County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) Policy and procedures. This position performs comprehensive research and analysis on complex departmental issues, prepares comprehensive reports, and provides recommendations to command staff. The role also responds to inquiries from command staff, public, and other government and law enforcement agencies concerning operations, Office Policies and procedures, and Office functions.

Position Qualifications

Position Qualifications
We recognize your time is valuable, so please apply if you meet the following required qualifications:

Education
Bachelor's degree in Public Safety Administration, Public Administration, Business Administration or a closely related field.

Experience
Two (2) years of analytical experience researching case law, contracts and/or government policies and procedures and developing written policy, procedures, and other communications.

OR

Combined education and experience qualifications
An equivalent combination of post-secondary education and/or job-related experience may substitute for the minimum requirements on a year for year basis.

Other requirements
Must possess a valid Arizona driver's license or have the ability to obtain by the time of hire.
Training that may be provided on-the-job: FEMA NIMS – IS100 and 700; Safety; Payroll; PREA.
Prior to hiring, the Sheriff's Office requires that all candidates pass a polygraph examination and an extensive background review.
Our Preferred Candidate has
Experience supporting command staff.
Administrative experience in a law enforcement or corrections environment.
Working Conditions
Maricopa County is an EEO/ADA Reasonable Accommodation Employer.

The following environments described are only representative of how the essential job tasks are currently performed or envisioned. As such, in order to accommodate a disability or limitation, the essential job tasks may be performed in ways other than described on these pages.

Work occurs primarily indoors. Tasks require managing time pressures and high work volumes with high degree of decision making, concentration, and accuracy. Position requires ethical conduct and a professional demeanor.

Work Environment:
Indoors
Rarely outdoors or in temperatures above 90 degrees or below 40 degrees
Occasionally using stairs or ladders
Physical Environment:
Sitting, standing, walking
Driving a vehicle
Speaking, hearing, seeing, reading
Bending/kneeling, reaching, twisting, climbing
Lifting floor to waist ten (10) pounds
Lifting waist to shoulder of ten (10)) pounds
Carrying a weight of ten (10) pounds for a distance of 50 feet
Pushing/pulling a weight of ten (10) pounds for a distance of 50 feet
Social Environment:
Constant interruptions
Handling multiple or complicated tasks and unscheduled or frequently changing tasks
High volume of work with time pressures
Accuracy
Decision making and concentration/vigilance
Team environment and working in close physical proximity with others
Public contact on occasion
Knowledge, skills, and abilities:


Knowledge of:
Professional level Microsoft Office Suite applications including Track Change functions in Word.
Organization, functions and services of Sheriff's Office.
Skill in:
Comprehending complex written and oral information.
Communicating effectively in verbal and written format to meet the needs of the audience.
Acting independently and using discretionary judgment.
Ability to:
Prioritize work and set goals.
Perform analysis, research, and problem-solving.
Establish and maintain successful working relationships.
Execute tasks with extreme detail and maintain high level of organization.
Make decisions in accordance with relevant policies, rules, statutes, court orders or judgments, training guidelines, and professional standards.
Essential Job Tasks
Provides direct support to the Section Supervisors, Commander and The Administrative Services Director.
Composes, revises, evaluates and reviews written policy for MCSO.
Reviews and edits operational manuals for all divisions of MCSO.
Researches federal and state law, Maricopa County Policy, Maricopa County Merit Rules, IACP Model Policy, and ACA standards ensuring that Office Policy is in compliance.
Prepares weekly reports regarding the status of assigned work projects.
Responds to inquiries concerning operations, Office Policies and procedures, and Office functions.
Attends meetings, prepares and conducts meetings.
Handles incoming communications from command staff, employees, members of the public, and other government and law enforcement agencies.
Develops, edits, and publishes written documents and correspondence which are circulated office wide.
Functions as a liaison, coordinating communication, paperwork and activities with other Maricopa County departments and outside agencies.
Monitors the progress of projects and assignments ensuring completion according to the Section priorities.
Manages and monitors the process for document preservation and production.
Accesses various online databases to conduct research including accessing, retrieving, and storing relevant information.
Participates in meetings with bureau chiefs or their designees to review crucial changes being addressed by the section.
Formulates and reviews reports of a highly confidential nature as necessary.
Interprets Maricopa County Rules, MCSO Policy and procedures and drafts complex documents.
Maintains databases that detail project status, employee grievances, archived versions of policies, and other information to maintain accountability.
Operates office equipment including fax machine, copier, scanner, computer, and telephone.
Performs special duties as assigned.
Be present at work site to perform tasks as scheduled and/or assigned by supervisor.
Selection Procedure

The hiring authority will select the successful candidate based on departmental needs.

All offers of employment made to new hires and rehires at Maricopa County are contingent upon successful completion of a post-offer, pre-employment thorough background investigation. A background investigation is conducted on a current employee who changes to a Safety Sensitive Position or one having the potential for serious adverse impact on the integrity or efficiency of the County. These requirements do not pertain to employees of elected officials who undergo background investigation processes administered through their respective offices.

Typically successful candidates are hired at a salary rate, up to midpoint of the range, based on applicable experience, internal equity and budgetary allowances.

Maricopa County offers a Total Compensation Package that includes competitive salaries and a comprehensive, affordable benefits package. High value is placed on employee well-being and meeting the needs of our employees and their families. Our benefits package is comprised of traditional benefits like medical, prescription, dental, vision, and other health benefits. Employees are supported by various wellness programs including classes, coaching, and fitness center opportunities. Our generous benefit options are some of the best in Arizona and just one of the unique advantages of working for Maricopa County. Below is a representative listing of typical benefits received by most full-time employees.

Holidays and Leave
Maricopa County observes ten paid holidays per year. Most County employees accrue vacation (starting at three weeks per year for full-time employees) and sick leave (starting at one hour for every 30 hours worked for all employees). Employees also receive paid leave for other needs such as jury duty, civic duty, and bereavement.

Medical, Prescription, Behavioral Health, Dental, Vision, and Flexible Spending Accounts
We understand how important health care is to maintaining a good quality of life. We also know our employees want to have the freedom to choose benefit plans to best meet their needs. Eligible employees may choose from four medical plan options, an HMO, PPO, and two HDHP (High Deductible Health Plans) with a health savings account. When employees enroll in medical coverage, they are automatically enrolled in prescription and behavioral health coverage as well. There are three dental plans from which to choose, two PPO plans and a pre-paid dental plan that functions like an HMO. As is the case with medical, the plans range in cost, flexibility, and network of providers. The vision plan provides employees and their covered dependents access to routine vision services and materials, including an annual eye exam. For those who wish to set aside pre-tax dollars to pay for eligible healthcare and dependent care expenses, the flexible spending accounts are suitable for that need.

Life and Disability Insurance
Because life sometimes takes unexpected turns, the County offers life insurance coverage to help employees and their loved ones in the event of death. Basic life and basic accidental death & dismemberment insurance equivalent to one times an employee's annual base salary is provided at no cost, with the option for employees to purchase additional coverage including spouse and child life insurance. Disability insurance is available to replace a portion of an employee's salary should they experience a short-term illness or injury.

Retirement
Eligible employees are covered by one of several State-sponsored retirement pension plans, including the Arizona State Retirement System (ASRS) and the Public Safety Personnel Retirement System (PSPRS). Additionally, there's the option to contribute to a 457(b) Savings Plan that provides employees with a variety of investment opportunities. For those employees who retire from the County and from their retirement system, and have accrued 1,000 or more hours of sick leave, the County makes a $10,000 contribution to a Post-Employment Health Plan set up on their behalf to be used for payment of eligible out-of-pocket healthcare expenses.

Group Legal Plan
Maricopa County offers employees group discounts to purchase coverage for legal services such as adoptions, family matters, wills and trusts.

Wellness
Maricopa County's Wellness Works program promotes health and wellness for employees and their families by focusing on physical activity, good nutrition, self-care and stress management. Maricopa County offers eligible employees a wellness incentive for completing required activities. By meeting a set of criteria, employees and their families can get reimbursed for participating in a Weight Watchers Program. On-site fitness facilities and fitness classes are provided to employees at various locations around the County. Employees and their families also have the opportunity to receive a discounted fitness club membership at LA Fitness. Employees have access to smoking cessation programs and health-related classes on various topics including nutrition, exercise and stress management. Employees located downtown benefit from an onsite pharmacy and clinic. Every fall, flu vaccines are offered to employees at various County locations.

Employee Assistance Program (EAP)
When employees and their families are faced with personal issues, confidential, short-term counseling and referral services are available to them at no cost.

Employee Discounts
Maricopa County subscribes to a service association which provides employees with volume discounts for sporting events, entertainment, and many other services.

Commute Options Program (COP)
Maricopa County provides free Valley Metro passes for the bus and light rail systems for commuting to/from work; a vanpool subsidy is also provided. Employees can decrease stress, decrease wear and tear on their vehicle and help the environment all at the same time.

New Employee Orientation (NEO) NEO provides new employees with information about Maricopa County such as: history, organizational structure, Merit Rules, County policies and procedures, County pay system and benefits and employee programs.

Rewarding Ideas/Employee Suggestions
Employees are provided with incentives to generate ideas for improvements that result in cost reduction through increased efficiency and productivity, improved processes and procedures and elimination of duplication and waste. Our employees' ideas could put money in their pocket!!

Tuition Reimbursement
To promote Maricopa County's long term employee retention objectives, our employees are eligible to receive financial assistance to continue their education, help make them more productive, enhance their job performance, and equip them to pursue new opportunities within County government.

To learn more about the County's generous benefits, visit the Maricopa County Employee Benefits and Wellness website.

01

Prior to hire, background investigations are conducted on candidates for positions. All information contained in your online application must be accurate, including but not limited to criminal history, education details, and employment details. Incomplete or inaccurate information contained in your online application may delay the background investigation process, or result in your removal from employment consideration.

NOTE: Your resume is NOT a substitute for the information requested in the online application.
By checking this box, I confirm that I have reviewed all information provided in my online application and believe the information to be complete and accurate to the best of my knowledge.

02

Please identify your highest level of education COMPLETED.

IMPORTANT: LIST ALL EDUCATION IN THE APPLICABLE SECTION OF THE APPLICATION. Please indicate type of diploma/degree, college major/minor, and name of institution. If you did not complete a degree program, include your high school diploma/GED information, as well as the number of college semester/quarter hours completed.

NOTE: Failure to provide complete information will likely result in the disqualification of your application.
Doctorate
Master's degree
Bachelor's degree
Associate's degree
Technical school (non-Associate's degree)
High School diploma or GED
Less than a High School diploma or GED certificate

03

Please identify your years of analytical experience researching case law, contracts and/or government policies and procedures and developing written policy, procedures, and other communications.
6 or more years
4 or more years but less than 6 years
2 or more years but less than 4 years
Less than 2 years
No experience

04

Do you currently possess, or have the ability to obtain by the time of hire, a valid Arizona driver's license?
Yes
No

05

Do you have experience supporting command staff?
Yes
No

06

If you indicated in the previous question that you have experience, please describe that experience and include your title, name of agency you worked for and your main responsibilities. Indicate "N/A" if you do not have experience

07

Do you have administrative experience in a law enforcement or corrections environment?
Yes
No

08

If you indicated in the previous question that you have experience, please describe that experience and include your title, name of agency you worked for and your main responsibilities. Indicate "N/A" if you do not have experience

Required Question
