At Rockstar Games, we create the games we would want to play ourselves.

A career at Rockstar is about being part of a team working on some of the most creatively rewarding, large-scale projects to be found in any entertainment medium. You would be welcomed to a friendly, inclusive environment where you can learn, and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.

Rockstar New York is seeking an experienced data analyst to join our growing Analytics practice and help build Rockstar's business intelligence capacity. Successful candidates will work with analytics and product leadership to assure that the most relevant possible real-time and historical data is identified, tracked, analyzed, and made actionable across all of our titles. This is a full-time permanent position based out of Rockstar's unique game development studio in the heart of downtown Manhattan.

WHAT WE DO
The Rockstar Analytics team provide insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making.
We work together with a number of departments to design and implement data and pipelines.
We collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses and machine learning applications.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Partner with analysts and live producers to identify strategic business questions, key metrics, and actionable insights.
Provide consumer-ready recommendations, insights and reporting to Analytics team leadership, live producers, product managers and partner groups.
Effectively translate statistical findings into actionable recommendations for senior leaders on game and business teams.
Research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement.
Drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling.
Combine qualitative and quantitative driven insights with game knowledge to recommend potential avenues to the game and business teams.
Drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers
Work within a team of data analysts and engineers.
QUALIFICATIONS
5+ years in a similar position or an analytics role in the marketing, finance, forensics, or technology fields.
Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field (Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operational Research, Business Intelligence or any other relevant field).
Graduate degree (MBA, MSc or master's, PHD), an asset.
Extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems (SAS, R, Matlab, Python, SPSS, Tableau) required.
Extensive knowledge in SQL (or a SQL-like language) required.
Experience with Vertica and Hadoop, an asset.
Game industry experience strongly desired.
SKILLS
Story telling.
Ability to develop and maintain good relations and communicate with people at all hierarchical levels.
Strong problem-solving skills.
Ability to reconcile technical and business perspectives.
Autonomy and entrepreneurship.
Strong team spirit.
Passion for Rockstar Games and our titles.
HOW TO APPLY


Please apply with a resume and cover-letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.

Rockstar is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to hiring, promoting, and compensating employees based on their qualifications and demonstrated ability to perform job responsibilities.

If you've got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, or race.
