Advertising Data Analyst

Hearst Television is seeking an Advertising Data Analyst to join our team.

The candidate will be responsible for:

● Collaborating with sales, tech and product teams to design, implement and refine state-of-the-art digital dashboards.

● Helping to define and drive Hearst Television's data visualization and presentation strategy.

● Evaluating existing data sources and related products on a regular basis, performing QA and health checks to ensure data integrity.

● Performing ad hoc analysis to support our local sales staff, as well as creating custom visualizations as needed.

● Helping to evangelize sales reporting needs and priorities to the product and tech teams.

● Defining UI specs and user experience, managing related vendors and scope of work.

● Interpreting data to inform decisions and tell accurate stories to our advertisers.

Knowledge:

● Experience collecting, integrating, and manipulating new data to be fed into BI tools or data lakes and a basic understanding of data storage and retrieval architecture.

● Strong experience with data analysis and visualization software, e.g. Google BigQuery, Power BI, Domo, Tableau or similar.

● SQL, R or other analysis language proficiency preferred.

● Experience with digital ad campaign/DMP reporting platforms and metrics.

Skills and Abilities:

● Strong analytical mindset with a passion for investigative analysis.

● Ability to communicate and document processes and analysis, and clearly communicate results to technical and non-technical teammates.

● Comfortable interacting with sales teams and occasionally with external clients.

● A high level of organization and prioritization; must be able to assess and assign priority to multiple goals, and clearly communicate timelines.

● Proven ability to multitask in a fast paced, fluid environment.

Experience:

● 3 - 5 years experience in a digital analytics or digital ad campaign analysis role.

● Project management and goal-setting experience within a digital analytics or analysis environment.

Education:

Bachelor’s degree in relevant field or equivalent experience required.
