Working with William Hill, you will be at the heart of the technological revolution with one of the world's most trusted betting and gaming companies. William Hill deals with projects ranging from desktop or mobile casinos and betting sites, to name a few. We process 500 online Sportsbook bets per second each Saturday, that's the same as the number of orders processed by Amazon UK, on its busiest day of the year. We deal with more than 20 million users daily; impressed? You can be sure there are many more challenges waiting for you.

When we say cutting edge, we mean it. Here, you can work on highly reliable systems with low latency, much like the transactional systems of the best financial institutions, butwith the fun included.

You will have access to development opportunities, including IT conferences, internal training, and lunch and learn sessions. You will be part of a great working atmosphere, performing complex work in a collaborative team of amazing people, with forward-thinking managers. You will have the opportunity to make an impact.

What You Will Do:

We're looking for a Data Product Analyst/Scrum Master to join our growing data team!

As the Data Product Analyst/ Scrum Master you will:
Be a subject matter expert for William Hill Data
Assist the Data Architect in creating and updating a Road Map for Data team
Love to collaborate with other data professionals, engineers, and business operation experts to understand and address reporting needs
Work closely with engineering and design resources to understand and create user stories and epics
Possess excellent communication skills to successfully interact with the technology and business teams
Have experience creating mocks ups, data flow diagrams, process diagram, project plan, and charters
Document and organize requirements using Agile methods like themes, epics and user stories with detailed acceptance criteria
Delegate SCRUM meetings as well was maintaining JIRA board.
Be proactive with leadership abilities with a strong "can do attitude"
Highly detailed oriented
Strong willingness & comfort taking on and challenging development approaches
Previously worked in agile and scrum.
Be a Team Player, willing to wear multiple hats
What You Will Need:
7+ years delivering successful data warehousing projects
Expertise in Agile software product delivery and SCRUM
Experience Writing OKR's and acceptance criteria
Ability to Facilitate UAT
Fluency in creating and maintaining roadmaps
BI reporting and analytic experience
Firm Understanding of ETL process
Understanding SQL to perform ad hoc queries for data analytics
Experience in cloud technology preferably AWS, experience in relational DB technology and creating mapping documents
Required:

You will need to successfully complete a background and drug screen.

Like what you see? Apply here and get in the game.

William Hill provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, pregnancy, veteran or military status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, civil union/domestic partnership status, familial status, domestic violence victim status, or any other legally recognized protected basis under federal, state or local laws. William Hill complies with applicable federal, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
Essential Functions/Exposures:
Must be able to sit for extended periods of time
Must be able to type and talk on the phone for extended periods of time
Regular attendance in the office
#LI-OG
