Requisition no: 502862
Work type: Full Time
Location: Other NYC Locations
School/Department: ICAP at Columbia
Grade: Grade 101
Categories: Administrative Support, General Administration, Information Technology, Other
Position Summary

Under the supervision of the Program Manager/Site Coordinator, the Data Collection Analyst will perform data quality control and quality assurance activities according to study-specific procedures and site standard operating procedures; print and compile paper research data forms; maintain participant files in organized, accessible storage system; enter accurate and complete study data in electronic databases or fax/email/scan case report forms to statistical center as needed; respond to study data queries from the data management center, as directed by the site coordinator. Other support functions to advance study goals include preparation of study data to fulfill funder requirements and for dissemination; track use and replenishment of study supplies; and other duties as assigned.

Responsibilities
Conduct all research activities in accordance with study protocol and procedures and other appropriate institutional regulations, procedures and policies, including procedures to safeguard confidentiality of study participants. 15%
Assist the data manager and site coordinator in the performance of quality control (QC) and quality assurance (QA) procedures including review of case report forms and source documents in a timely manner prior to transmission to the data management and statistical center; as well as conduct quarterly chart review of all screened and enrolled participant's case report forms and source documents. 15%
Assist with submission of study forms to the statistical and data management center. 5%
Assist with prompt review of all data queries and their immediate resolution. 5%
Assist the data manager and site coordinator in identifying problem areas with data collection, report findings to the site leadership, and develop appropriate corrective measures with input from the study team. 10%
Assist in the review of eligibility criteria of screened study participants for enrollment, including review of eligibility case report forms, source documents and informed consent forms. 10%
Help study team prepare and submit protocol non-adherence and protocol deviation forms, as needed. 5%
Print and compile materials needed for informed consent process, study data collection, and participant follow up and recruitment.
Organize and file study materials including case report forms and other study documents. 5%
Assist in the preparation of study data for monitoring visits, reporting, and dissemination. 5%
Assist with data collection and analysis; work on analysis of quantitative and qualitative data from cross-sectional surveys, interviews and other resources, if applicable. 5%
Assist in the recruitment of study participants, help develop interview protocols and conduct interviews, if applicable. 5%
Participate in regular meetings with study staff and site leadership to ensure high-quality performance of job responsibilities.
Attend study related trainings and meetings as requested by the site coordinator. 5%
Perform other study-related duties as assigned including but not limited to assisting study participants, greeting visitors at the site, answering the door, answering the phone etc. 5%
Perform other related duties as assigned 5%
Minimum Qualifications
High school Diploma and at least 1.5 years of related experience or equivalent in education, training and experience
Proficiency in Microsoft Office desktop applications
Excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills
Flexible, open-minded, and able to easily adapt to new challenges
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree preferred
Experience working with diverse, medically underserved populations and high-risk communities
Experience working with research and data management, data entry or electronic data capture is highly desired
Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran

Columbia University is committed to the hiring of qualified local residents.

Applications open: Sep 05 2019 Eastern Daylight Time Applications close:

Back Apply Share
