Duties
Help

Duties

Summary

You will serve as a Management and Program Analyst in the DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.

THIS IS AN EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY ANNOUNCEMENT. The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) FY 2009 provides that the Secretary of Defense can designate acquisition positions as shortage positions and recruit and appoint highly qualified persons to these positions.

Learn more about this agency

Responsibilities
Duties and responsibilities vary and increase according to grade level.
Travel Required

Occasional travel - You may be expected to travel for this position.

Supervisory status

No

Promotion Potential

None
Job family (Series)
0343 Management And Program Analysis
Requirements
Help

Requirements

Conditions of Employment
Must be a US Citizen.
Must be determined suitable for federal employment.
Must participate in the direct deposit pay program.
New employees to the Department of the Navy will be required to successfully pass the E-Verify employment verification check. To learn more about E-Verify, including your rights and responsibilities, visit www.dhs.gov/E-Verify/.
Within the Department of Defense (DoD), the appointment of retired military members within 180 days immediately following retirement date to a civilian position is subject to the provisions of 5 United States Code 3326.
You may be required to successfully complete a pre-appointment physical examination.
You may be required to obtain and maintain an interim and/or final security clearance prior to entrance on duty. Failure to obtain and maintain the required level of clearance may result in the withdrawal of a job offer or removal.
This position is covered under the Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) and requires additional education, training and experience. Positions may be in any DAWIA Career Field at Level I, II, or III.
This position may be designated Critical Acquisition Position (CAP). You must be a member of the Acquisition Corps, become a member, or obtain a waiver at the time of selection and sign a three-year tenure agreement prior to assuming the position.
Successful completion of a pre-employment drug test (including marijuana) is required. A tentative offer of employment will be rescinded if you fail to report to the drug test appointment or pass the test. You may be subject to random testing.
You may be required to complete ethics orientation within three months of appointment and submit a Confidential Financial Disclosure Report, OGE-450, within 30 days of appointment.
Supervisors in the executive branch have a heightened personal responsibility for advancing government ethics. Those selected for a supervisory position will be required to review the 14 General Principles of Ethical Conduct at 5 CFR 2635.101.
Position selected for may or may not be under a bargaining unit.
Warrant authority above the small purchase threshold may be required.
Positions may be eligible for part time, full time or ad-hoc telework at the discretion of management
You may be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card to make official government purchases for goods and services.
You may be required to complete training, obtain, and maintain a government credit card for travel and travel-related purchases.
This position may require travel from normal duty station to CONUS and OCONUS and may include remote or isolated sites. You may need to travel on military and commercial aircraft for extended periods of time.
Qualifications

Applicants must meet the following minimum qualifications:

GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least three years of general experience that includes one year of experience equivalent to the next lower grade level (GS-04) or pay band in the federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector analyzing problems to identify significant factors; gathering pertinent data; planning and organizing work; communicating with others orally and in writing.

GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-05 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector gathering data; conducting research; administering and tracking program requirements.

GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-07 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations.

GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-09 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; AND (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs.

GS-12 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-11 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs; AND (3) advising on the potential benefits/uses of automation to improve the efficiency of administrative support or program operations.

GS-13 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-12 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for (1) analyzing and evaluating the effectiveness of program operations; (2) developing life cycle cost analyses of projects or performing cost benefit or economic evaluations of current or projected programs; (3) advising on the potential benefits/uses of automation to improve the efficiency of administrative support or program operations; AND (4) researching and investigating new or improved business and management practices for application to agency programs or operations.

GS-14 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-13 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for developing, implementing, and managing program requirements, plans, and procedures.

GS-15 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must also demonstrate at least one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to the GS-14 grade level or pay band in the Federal service or equivalent experience in the private or public sector being responsible for providing executive-level oversight, management, guidance and direction of administrative and resource operations to include department planning processes and assessing performance improvement initiatives.

Additional qualification information can be found from the following Office of Personnel Management website: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/#url=GS-ADMIN

Education

Applicants may substitute education for experience in the following situations:

GS-05 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a four year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree.

GS-07 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed one full year of graduate level education OR you have successfully completed a bachelor's degree with superior academic achievement.

GS-09 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have successfully completed a master's or equivalent graduate degree OR have successfully completed two full years of progressively higher graduate level education leading to a master's degree OR you have obtained an LL.B. or J.D. that is related to the position being filled.

GS-11 (or equivalent pay band): Your resume must demonstrate that you have have successfully completed a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree OR you have successfully completed three full years of progressively higher level graduate education leading to a Ph.D. or equivalent degree OR you have successfully completed an LL.M. degree that is related to the position being filled.

NOTE: Education and experience may be combined for all grade levels for which both education and experience are acceptable.

Applications will be accepted from students who expect to complete qualifying education within 9 months from the date of application. If you expect to complete your education within 9 months, please respond to the questionnaire items as if you had already completed your education. We are required to verify that the education has been completed successfully before any applicant can be appointed (report to work).
