Strength Through
Diversity

Ground breaking science.
Advancing medicine. Healing made personal.

The Data Analyst II leads and performs activities related to database
management, maintenance of data integrity
and security, and basic statistical analyses. The IBD Research Group and the
integrated System for IBD daTa Exchange (iSITE) at Mount Sinai is seeking a
highly motivated and skilled Data Analyst to join their data analytics team.
The position will play a key role with data integration and analytics for their
cutting edge research. This position will lead a variety of projects and gain
exposure to many productive areas of research, including clinical and
translational, genomic, transcriptomic, proteomic, and metabolomic research.

The Data Analyst II facilitates and enhances the value of
datasets for faculty researchers and other analysts through a range of duties
and responsibilities. Such duties include cleaning, creating, and linking
datasets large and/or complex data sets.

The Mount Sinai IBD Research Group is one of the
international leaders in IBD investigation with a longstanding tradition of
major contributions to the field, and the IBD research is supported by one of
the leading IBD clinical centers in the world. This position has growth
potential for the individual to take on more independence in data analysis and
supervision of other research staff.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Translates, merges, cleans, and maps data in
large and/or complex data sets
Develop, maintain, implement, and document
operating procedures for collection, cleaning, processing, editing, linking, distribution, and flow
of data
Design and write custom applications to ensure
databases meet requirements throughout data entry, management, and reporting
Identifies, develops, and documents data
standardization, data enrichment operations, and data validations
Recognizes recurring issues and analyzes causes
in order to generate improvement plans and provides tools/techniques to measure
success
Maintains knowledge of the current regulations
and technologies related to data management and Implements best practices in data management to
ensure the integrity of data and quality of data processes
Deliver analyzable or analyzed data to internal
and external stakeholders
Assist faculty and staff with queries, basic
statistical analyses, reports and technical difficulties related to data retrieval
Trains staff with varying degrees of knowledge to
effectively use the database system
Assist with primary data collection if requested
Interface and coordinate with basic science and
translational science collaborators and core facilities for tracking and quality control for
bio-sample collections
May access data in the Data Warehouse and other
electronic health care system-linked databases,
as required
Ability to work independently and to work closely
with leadership, supervisors and staff
Uses modeling techniques and tools in analyzing
and specifying data structure in large and/or complex data sets
Provide quarterly updates on overall enrollment
in established and prospectively enrolling studies
May assist writing and preparing manuscripts,
grants and other materials for internal and external audiences
Performs other related duties
Requirements:
Masters degree in
public health, epidemiology, or in a social science with a heavy emphasis on quantitative data
analysis Or Bachelors degree in computer science, statistics and/or related field with 3+ years of experience
Experience: 3 to 4
years of experience using R (preferred) and python working with large and complicated data sets (e.g., data
manipulation, data analysis, or data cleaning), preferably in a
medical or healthcare setting
Experience working
with and manipulating a wide range of large biological data sets, including
clinical, genomic, transcriptomic, proteomic, and metabolomic
data
Demonstrated
proficiency with data analysis, visualization, and cleaning using a statistical software package (R, Python)
Working knowledge
of Ruby
Demonstrated
proficiency working with SQL data bases and coding in SQL
Strength Through
Diversity

The Mount Sinai Health
System believes that diversity and inclusion is a driver for excellence. We
share a common devotion to delivering exceptional patient care. Yet were as
diverse as the city we call home- culturally, ethically, in outlook and
lifestyle. When you join us, you become a part of Mount Sinais unrivaled
record of achievement, education and advancement as we revolutionize healthcare
delivery together.

We work hard to recruit
and retain the best people, and to create a welcoming, nurturing work
environment where you have the opportunity and support to develop
professionally. We share the belief that all employees, regardless of job title
or expertise, have an impact on quality patient care.

Explore more about this
opportunity and how you can help us write a new chapter in our story!
Who We Are

Over 38,000 employees
strong, the mission of the Mount Sinai Health System is to provide
compassionate patient care with seamless coordination and to advance medicine
through unrivaled education, research, and outreach in the many diverse
communities we serve.

Formed in September
2013, The Mount Sinai Health System combines the excellence of the Icahn School
of Medicine at Mount Sinai with seven premier hospitals, including Mount Sinai
Beth Israel, Mount Sinai Brooklyn, The Mount Sinai Hospital, Mount Sinai
Queens, Mount Sinai West (formerly Mount Sinai Roosevelt), Mount Sinai St.
Lukes, and New York Eye and Ear Infirmary of Mount Sinai.

The Mount Sinai Health
System is an equal opportunity employer. We comply with applicable Federal
civil rights laws and does not discriminate, exclude, or treat people
differently on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, religion,
disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or gender
expression.

EOE
Minorities/Women/Disabled/Veterans
