Job Description
About Data Analytics at Vericred:

Vericred has built the broadest, most granular and accurate data set covering health insurance and employee benefits plans, rates, provider-networks and formularies in the industry. Our data is used by millions of consumers, employers and brokers to find health plans, doctors and drugs . Researchers and government agencies use our data to understand market dynamics and even to drive policy decisions.

Our Data Analytics team works with internal and external constituents to develop insights from, and about, our data and interactions with our platform. We partner with leadership and the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to research and develop content for thought leadership pieces. We build actionable reports and dashboards to help our operations team understand the timeliness, completeness and accuracy of our data. We research extensions to the breadth and depth of the data that we capture and validate our approaches to ingesting and synthesizing that data.

This role will be based in our New York City (Flatiron) office.

In this role you will:
Be a consumer of our own data
Collaborate with the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation in support of their policy research, and thought leadership papers and articles (which have appeared in the New York Times and other national publications)
Develop market analyses for use in Vericred’s own thought leadership and marketing
Uncover meaningful insights about our data - influencing product development direction
Prototype analytics solutions for our external partners
Build and maintain user-facing dashboards to monitor data quality
Build and test data validation and verification models
Partner with Engineering on validating, maintaining and extending our data ingestion platform
We would love to hear from you if you have:
Intellectual curiosity …. especially about health insurance costs and coverage
Strong writing capability
A bachelors or greater in CS, Statistics, Economics or equivalent work experience
2+ years of experience with Stata, R, SAS, Python or other common data analytics programming languages
3+ years of experience with data visualization tools and technology (Tableau, Looker, D3.js)
3+ years of experience with SQL
About Vericred

Founded in 2014, Vericred is a data services company simplifying the exchange of health insurance and employee benefits data. What Plaid has done for financial services and Sabre for travel and hospitality, we are doing for health insurance by building digital infrastructure to enable the digital transformation of this $1Trillion industry.

Who We Are

At Vericred, we are data people: process driven, organized, and obsessed with the details. We value collaboration and make sure we have plenty of opportunities to spend time together outside of the office through fitness events, movie nights, happy hours, and more. We love our work and recognize the importance of balancing interests, relationships, and time outside of it. We are avid learners and prioritize personal and professional growth alongside company growth at the individual and the team level.

Our benefits include
Competitive Salary
Equity Participation
100% company paid medical and dental for you and your dependents
Healthcare and dependent FSA
401K with matching
Twice weekly catered lunches
Unlimited snacks and drinks in-office
Responsible PTO policy
Pre-tax commuting benefits
fRYEday: Our end of week Rye tasting and happy hour ritual
Stand-up desks
Centrally located office on Madison Square Park
We are an equal opportunity employer. We welcome people of different backgrounds, experiences, abilities and perspectives. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status.

Powered by JazzHR

P59ZmGevAs
