About Narrativ

Narrativ is the marketplace for unbiased product recommendations by experts on the open web. We exponentially increase match rate and augment commerce content with real time conversion dataturning honest recommendations from expert voices into a brand safe, multi-billion dollar acquisition channel.

Demand for expert recommendations has exploded, surpassing the need for simple price comparison and ushering in the era of the Intentional Shopper. This is a lean in, high intent shopper who seeks the whole story to find the products best suited to her individual needs.

Our product graph100M+ products mapped to all of the rich stories about them and over $26B of live purchase data powers our high match rate. Our market research tools help editors author better, higher converting product recommendations.

Why we're special:
Ambitious technology: Our technology mines and organizes the world's product data in a way that's useful (rather than intrusive) for consumers. We built a product graph featuring 80mm SKUs enriched with $20bn of monthly cart data, making it the largest database of products matched to product recommendation.
Talented team: Fast Company recently named Narrativ one of the 50 best workplaces for innovators, fashion disruptor by Financial Times, and a technology pioneer by the World Economic Forum. We're here to pursue greatness, embrace challenge and relentlessly improve every day.
Fast growth: Narrativ drove $50mm in revenue for partners like Sephora, Nordstrom, Ulta Beauty, Chanel, Goop, Revolve, and more.
Join us for the opportunity to impact billions of shoppers on our mission to improve the value of every recommendation -- to create a better Internet for shoppers.

The Job:

Narrativ is looking for an experienced data analyst who is skilled at extracting business insights at web-scale. In this role, you will become master of the company's data model and a champion for accurate reporting. You will wrangle billions of rows of data into dashboards that guide strategic business decisions. You will make it a joy for businesspeople and engineers alike to see how revenue is affected by various technical systems, creating transparency and accountability that drives ever-improving algorithms. Your expertise and creativity will result in many people being pleasantly surprised to learn a new thing about the business, backed by hard facts.

You are Narrativ's Data Analyst

Core Responsibilities:
Establishing best practices for sharing key metrics across the business
Answering business intelligence questions
Establish testing infrastructure
Develop and execute test plans, mentor others in how to execute a test plan
Effectively communicate and escalate discovered issues to Engineers and Product Managers
Prioritize and advocate for issues in the backlog
Contribute to a culture of quality in every part of the product development process
Actively participate in improving QA processes, procedures, and implementing best practices
Requirements:


Expert level SQL skills
Experience with BI/ data visualization tools (dashboards and reports)
Intellectual Curiosity
Ability to manage business and technical stakeholders effectively
Desire to 'get under the hood' when it comes to Narrativ's data and tools
Experience with data analysis in Python or R
Data Engineering experience is a plus as is experience with DBA's, predictive analysis and GIS/mapping
Important Notice: We are putting the health and safety of our employees first. For the balance of 2020, we'll be working from home. WIth so much uncertainty in the world, this is a decision that helped eliminate the anxiety associated with commuting and gave our teammates one less thing to worry about.

Narrativ is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.
