Data Analyst Assistant

Calling data-loving entrepreneurs! Teus Health (www.teushealth.com), a healthcare policy and analytics firm, is growing and the owner, Dr. Tia Goss Sawhney, needs to grow her team. The work may be part- or full-time. Covid conditions permitting, the work is on-site at Teus Health’s downtown Newark office.

Dr. Sawhney needs your skills for:

· Healthcare data analysis in SQL, Python, and/or other data analytic tools

· Building and maintaining Excel models, requiring advanced Excel and VBA skills

· Supporting and improving the firm’s IT environment and the security thereof

· Preparing proposals

· General business functions, including accounting (Quickbooks) and developing and implementing written policies and procedures

While knowledge of healthcare is very much appreciated, the number one hiring criteria is that you be an experienced data-user and a fast-learning person who is able and willing to jump into ill-defined tasks and get them done – well.

Submit a resume and a succinct cover letter. Within the cover letter, describe what will make you a great contributor to Teus Health’s growth. While you don’t have to have all the above skills, you need to sell your ability to deliver excellence. What excellence have you delivered in the past? The cover letter is also a writing sample, so write it without help from others.

Dr. Sawhney is committed to building a Newark, NJ-centered business. Therefore, preference will be given to candidates who live in Newark or nearby. You may be a student and if this work helps you satisfy degree requirements, Dr. Sawhney (an adjunct professor at NYU) will assist with the paperwork. Curricular practical training (CPT) sponsorship is possible for an exceptional candidate on an F-1 visa, but only if approval can be expedited.

Dr. Sawhney does not discriminate based on race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, marital status, gender identity or expression, affectional or sexual orientation, or sex – nor does she welcome those that do.

Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary

Pay: $25.00 per hour

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Only Dr. Sawhney will be in the office with you with separate rooms and workspaces. She takes sanitation, mask, and handwashing protocols seriously upon any exit or entry of the building, and practices social distancing outside of work.

Work Location:
One location
Typical start time:
9AM
Typical end time:
5PM
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Company's website:
teushealth.com
Work Remotely:
No
