Job Title
Sr. Data Analyst, Revenue Analytics, Peacock

10-Jun-2020

Business Segment
Peacock

Responsibilities
Meet Peacock, NBCUniversal’s new, wildly entertaining streaming service that combines timeless shows and movies with timely news, sports and pop-culture.

We’re growing our team of smart, hungry, and upbeat doers who crave the chance to build something new at the epicenter of content, tech, and culture. We need fearless leaders and pop-culture fiends who work hard and fan hard. Creative problem-solvers who just so happen to be the reigning champs at Parks & Rec trivia night. So if this sounds like you, join our flock. And we promise, we won’t put your stapler in Jell-O.

NBCUniversal’s new direct-to-consumer streaming video service is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to help with reporting and analytics for Finance. With the vast amount of content available on the NBCUniversal service, this is a crucial role supporting the revenue attribution to our partners and will be working closely with business stakeholders from finance, accounting and partnership team. The candidate should have experience in financial reporting or data analytics role, and with a background in a querying/programming language for data analysis (SQL / Python / R). This role will sit within the larger Decision Sciences team and will also partner with other business units including but not limited to: Data Science, Data Engineering, Marketing Analytics, Product, and Ad Sales.

The goal of the Decision Sciences team is to deliver and champion intelligent use of data that drives a best-in-class customer experience and fuels product growth. The Senior Data Analyst should be able to thrive in a collaborative working environment, gaining buy-in and support from other stakeholders across the organization.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Work with business stakeholders from finance, accounting and partnership teams to create automated revenue related dashboards for distribution partners, content partners and other promotional partnerships we have in Peacock App
Collaborate with engineering teams and business analysts to QA the data quality and identify the data elements missing for reporting and analysis and work with the teams to resolve
Understand licensing and distribution agreements to ensure all the revenue share calculations are aligned with partner contract terms
Work with finance and accounting team to build the calculations to determine the revenue to recognize and to defer
Own and closely monitor the accuracy for revenue reports and assist timely and accurate financial closes and revenue share payouts
Performs ad-hoc financial analyses to help identify revenue trends and attribution, provide insights and recommendations to support decision making
Document and maintain the calculations on regular basis
Qualifications:
BS/BA in technical/finance field: Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or related certificate with significant technical work experience
3+ years of experience in a financial reporting role preferred, with 2+ year programming experiences in big data and proficient in at least one programming language SQL/Python/R required
Experience with big data environments (Google Big Query, Snowflake, Apache Spark)
Experience with report automation and building visualization dashboards (i.e. Tableau/Looker)
Experience with creating data requirements and working with engineering teams to facilitate the request
Experience working with transactional data and understand reconciliation with 3rd party payment processor (i.e. Adyen, Stripe)
Experience with financial modeling preferred
Desired Characteristics:
Demonstrates strong quantitative and analytical skills
Extremely detailed oriented and communicator who can build relationships with a diverse set of stakeholders
Ability to thrive in a fast-pace environment with tight deadlines
A passion for TV and movies and defining the future of entertainment.
Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to motivate, collaborate and influence
Self-driven, confident, resourceful, and resilient
Job Number
55899BR

Posting Category
Digital Media

Country
United States

Sub-Business
Peacock Decision Science

About Us
At NBCUniversal, we believe in the talent of our people. It’s our passion and commitment to excellence that drives NBCU’s vast portfolio of brands to succeed. From broadcast and cable networks, news and sports platforms, to film, world-renowned theme parks and a diverse suite of digital properties, we take pride in all that we do and all that we represent. It’s what makes us uniquely NBCU. Here you can create the extraordinary. Join us.

State/Province
New York

Career Level
Experienced

City
New York

Notices
NBCUniversal’s policy is to provide equal employment opportunities to all applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, gender identity or expression, age, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, disability, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, veteran status, membership in the uniformed services, genetic information, or any other basis protected by applicable law. NBCUniversal will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with relevant legal requirements, including the City of Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative For Hiring Ordinance, where applicable.
