Title: GIS Data analyst
Location: New York, NY
Duration: 6 months

Position Summary:
The data analyst is responsible for ensuring that all aspects of data (including spatial) are effectively stored, manipulated, created, and designed to drive decision-making and clarification throughout the agency.
Reporting to the Director, Research and Analysis, s/he is accountable for data and users ensuring that the data deliverables and analyses are accurate and timely.
S/he will also provide central coordination for the management of geospatial analyses and geodatabases.
S/he will also ensure that methodologies and policies are consistent across all aspects of the organization.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Support programs and the overall organization in addressing various ad hoc policy and ongoing data questions:
Data Quality Assurance
Methodology development and documentation
Reporting functions for federal and state requirements
Providing policy frameworks and quantitative scenario analysis
Develop longer term strategies and research projects to assess and/or highlight programmatic and organizational performance.
Work with a team of GIS, data, and research analysts in the development and maintenance of performance management reports and ad hoc data analysis to support program operations.
Coordinate with other teams in HCR in preparing data to for external and internal reporting and research needs.
Consult with program to define project needs, purpose, and data requirements.
Use GIS applications and equipment to improve project efficiency.
Requirements:
Must be a NY State resident or able to relocate to NYS
Master's degree with course work or experience in GIS, planning, computer science, geography, or related fields of study.
Excellent oral, written, and quantitative skills.
Exceptional problem-solving abilities.
Ability to quickly and clearly synthesize information.
Exceptional ability to use data to make decisions.
Expertise in the use of Microsoft Office products, specifically Excel and Access.
Expertise in the use of geospatial tools such as ArcGIS.
Experience with a statistical package such as STATA, SAS, or R.
Ability to work in a flexible, fast paced, mission driven environment.

About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Technologies was established in 1997 and is headquartered in McLean VA. We are one of the leading IT services and solutions firm in the country with 12 regional offices and presence in all 50 states. We bring a mix of innovative technology and sector expertise to customers in defense, intelligence, civil, and healthcare markets. As our name implies, we are a forward thinking company with the ultimate goal of helping our customers implement innovative IT solutions that will satisfy their business needs. We combine real-world experience, specialized skills, innovative thinking, and industry knowledge to deliver quality IT solutions. At our core, we are about people - our customers and our employees.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
