This VP Research Project Analyst role is a quantitative analyst ("quant") who works to support Citi Mortgage hedging desks, principally the Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSR) Hedging Desk, a group responsible for managing the risks of a large mortgage-product portfolio. The key responsibilities of this position are to develop, implement, and manage critical risk valuation and P&L attribution software to enable traders to correctly and efficiently hedge our books. In addition to dealing with MSR, this individual also contributes to other mortgage businesses at Citi, namely the Held To Maturity book and the Mandatory Trading Book. Quants works closely between management, traders, and financial engineers. They use both proprietary and vendor models and APIs to build risk-analysis systems customized for our businesses. Quants assist traders in model calibration, model stress testing in satisfaction of both internal and regulatory reviews, and building innovative deep-data analyses to help optimize our businesses. Responsibilities: This function covers incumbents responsible for various data activities, which include database administration, data analysis, maintenance, data quality, and database management or database architecture / design engineering Day-to-day focus is on resolution of complex problems or transactions, where expertise is required to interpret against policies, guidelines or processes Role at this level usually has full ownership for one or more processes, reports, procedures or products, and may also be considered analytical or procedural experts representing a unit or team on cross-function process or project deliverables Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency. Qualifications: 2-4 years of experience in a quantitative field or equivalent academic experience Work experience in a financial field is an advantage Excellent analytical and practical problem-solving abilities Solid understanding of mortgage market, risk measures, and accounting Programming expertise: both technical prowess, as well as experience with large code bases Spreadsheet, as well as VBA, skills Experience with modeling, optimization, simulation, and/or supervised learning is an advantage Experience with data-bases (e.g., SQL) and analytical languages (e.g., R, SAS, py) is an advantage Education: Bachelors/University degree, Masters degree preferred This job description provides a high-level review of the types of work performed. Other job-related duties may be assigned as required. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
