Software Guidance & Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a Data Governance Analyst for a Contract assignment with one of our premier Utility Services clients in White Plains, NY.

Responsibilities:
Conduct data discovery stakeholder interviews with business and IT stakeholders (selected applications)
Identify data sets, develop data flows, understand data-related processes and identify key data issues for each application
Update of Enterprise Data Flow diagrams and Enterprise Data Catalog inventory
Creation of Application Playback decks and Data Discovery report & presentation
Maintenance of datasets and data roles in the Enterprise Data Catalog - additions, updates, and deletions
Conduct of quarterly Data Owner meetings to communicate upcoming Data Governance initiatives/processes/policies / best practices
Lead in onboarding and implementation of Collibra Data Governance tool
Onboarding of new datasets into Data Governance tool
Establishment of Data Catalog and shop-for-data feature in Data Governance tool
Manage metadata ingestion (manual and automated) from different sources
Creation of new workflows in Collibra Data Governance tool
Development of new Data Governance Policies, Procedures, and Standards
Develop and operationalize new Data Access Request process
Design of new Enterprise Data Request Process, based on ongoing pilot feedback
Implementation of new Data Request Process - app by app working with application owners and business stakeholders
Communication and training of all enterprise users on new Data Request Process
Development and execution of Change Management plan for Data Discovery, Data Access Request and operationalization of new Data Governance workflows
Required Skills:
Undergraduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Data Management, or similar field of study. Graduate degree preferred.
3+ years of demonstrated Data Governance experience
Strong knowledge of Data Governance & Quality - policies, processes, and tools
Strong experience & expertise in using Collibra Data Governance tool
Knowledge (experience preferred) using Trillium Data Quality tool and integration with Collibra
Working experience in implementing Data Governance policies and processes
Strong presentation & communication skills
Ability to work with Senior Leaders
Experience working on teams that work under Agile principles
SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health & dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings and/or to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com.
