EARNEST RESEARCH


Earnest Research is a VC-backed data innovation startup driven to change the way professionals understand consumer and business behavior. Working with world-class data partners, we transform raw data into a source for business and investment professionals to ask better questions so they can make better decisions. We believe, in the right hands, data has the power to change the way we work.

SENIOR DATA ANALYST, FINANCIAL SERVICES


Data Analysts at Earnest are passionate about finding signals in the noise of large datasets and have a strong interest in technology, consumer trends, and private and public markets. Quantifying both macro and micro trends in the consumer economy is our primary focus. As part of the group, you will be immersed in a fast-paced environment with infinite opportunities to learn and grow. In this role, you will facilitate the next level of growth for Earnest and be a meaningful contributor to shaping future data professionals. The ideal candidate is a highly motivated problem-solver capable of applying big picture thinking with a passion for using data to assist our clients in making better investment decisions.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Interfacing directly with clients to present analyses, explain product offerings and serve as an industry and subject-matter expert
Developing and maintaining insights on private and publicly traded companies
Identifying and investigating trends within the consumer economy
Creating analyses from billions of rows of electronic records
Providing guidance to junior team members to further develop and hone their skills
Collaborating with product and engineering teams for collection of the *right* data
Seeking out areas for operational improvement and taking initiative to address them
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Economics or a related discipline from a top tier university
3-7 years of finance experience, preferably in equity research, private equity, or asset management. Will consider those with investment banking, consulting and/or quantitative marketing experience.
Proactive and solutions-oriented; innovative and results-driven
Meticulous attention to detail and the ability to complete tasks with minimal oversight
Ability to handle confidential/sensitive information and exercise exceptional judgment
Excellent communication skills (verbal, written, interpersonal)
Must be able to handle multiple tasks daily and meet project deadlines
Extremely committed, hard working, and thoughtful with the ability to work both independently and in a collaborative team environment
Exceptional Excel and analytical skills
Familiarity with Tableau software is a plus, but not required
BENEFITS & PERKS:


100% company paid medical plan options (additional medical, dental and vision plans available too!)
Health & fitness reimbursement program
401K retirement plans with employer matching
Flexible and generous time off
Pre-tax savings plans for public transportation and parking expenses
Golf simulator, pool table, fully stocked kitchen and cold brew on tap
Regular company happy hours, lunches & events
Earnest Research is an equal opportunity employer, and we encourage people with a diverse range of backgrounds to apply.
