Job Description

Job ID#:
2359

Job Category:
Behavioral Health (Promesa)

Position Type:
Full Time

Details:


Acacia Network, the leading Latino integrated care nonprofit in the nation, offers the community, from children to seniors, a pathway to behavioral and primary healthcare, housing, and empowerment. We are visionary leaders transforming the triple aim of high quality, great experience at a lower cost. Acacia champions a collaborative environment to deliver vital health, housing and community building services, work we have been doing since 1969. By hiring talented individuals like you, we’ve been able to expand quickly, with offices in Albany, Buffalo, Syracuse, Orlando, Tennessee, Maryland and Puerto Rico.

The Data Analyst is responsible for entering information into the Nextgen EHR, importing data results for analysis, analyzing data trends, completing QA/QI to improve program performance and outcomes based on trends and will be a member of the integrated treatment team. Under supervision of the Program Director, the requirements listed below represent the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities as defined by the ADA to perform the essential functions of the job. The functions below outline the general responsibilities associated with this position. Each of these functions is considered critical to effective department operations and our Mission. It is expected that all staff in this position will have satisfactory attendance and will perform these functions as assigned in a competent, cooperative, and timely manner. The Job Description will be reviewed periodically for accuracy and/or adjusted according to business necessity.


KEY ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Will enter all required data into Nextgen and run queries in SQL at the back end
Will run daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly reports as per program needs and performance indicators.
Generates quality indicator reports from Nextgen database as requested and assigned by supervisor.
Maintains Data spreadsheet up-to-date by keeping all required data indicators as per program regulations by mapping from front end to back end and validating it.
Coordinates and maintains record of consumer participation in the program by conducting surveys, activities and integrating consumers to participate in activities as per program regulations.
Generates and inputs discharge and re-entry information for consumers on the Nextgen database as per program requirements and assigned by supervisor.
Participates in integrated team meetings, collects data information as per program requirements and maintain accuracy in data spreadsheet.
Complete quality improvement projects based on data trends.
Act as curator of new datasets, documenting and performing quality checks.
Completes all required training as per program regulations for entering consumer data and as assigned by supervisor.
Completes office duties as needed/required by Supervisor.
Completes additional tasks as assigned by Supervisor.

REQUIREMENTS:
College degree preferred
Knowledge of the Nextgen database and proficiency in SQL
Experience or desire to work with people who have a mental illness
Positive attitude and professional demeanor
A self starter
Ability to complete work independently as well as in collaboration with team members
Must be team oriented with a willingness to be flexible and helpful.
Excellent computer skills including, Microsoft Windows, Excel, PowerPoint, and electronic communications tools: internet and email
Ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing
Highly organized, motivated self-starter
Excellent time management skills.
Acacia Network is an equal opportunity employer*

Job Requirements


Already have an account? Log in here
