The Chief Data Office (CDO) is an enterprise authority empowered by the Executive Oversight Committee to define data management strategies, drive data management priorities, and issue Enterprise Data Standards and guidelines with the goal of enhancing and continuously improving the controls over creation and maintenance of data. The CDO drives data management discipline for the firm and fosters a culture that recognizes data as the fuel that drives our business. CDOs processes and network of partnerships sustain Citis commitment to continuously improve data quality. The Chief Data Office is in need of a dynamic, execution focused Lead Business Analyst to drive the effective and efficient design, and development of Data Governance and Data Quality solutions for the enterprise. The candidate will be a part of highly visible program initiatives and provide support to the team lead which will require to work independently at times and across a wide range of stakeholders globally in technology, Retail, Investment Banking, Operations, Finance, Risk and within the CDO. This role is critical in supporting the Citis Data Quality Program by managing the implementation to deliver modern solutions that address business needs, provide necessary controls on SDLC procedures while minimizing the costs, risks, and time to market of project deliverables. Specific duties will include but are not limited to the following: • Working with a multi-disciplinary group of business teams and technologists • Coordinating centralized implementation (i.e. data lineage) efforts led by the CDO to ensure consistency across multiple teams globally and make sure the plan stays in-line with Citi Data management policy (CDMP) and CDOs vision. • Lead discussions and requirement gathering sessions, reaching consensus and recommended solutions on system development projects, enhancements, and issue resolution activities • Coordinating and planning work activities, meetings and other tasks that demonstrate leadership with measurable results • Defining and documenting detailed business requirements, procedures, and use cases • Designing, documenting and executing user acceptance testing activities • Document ing system and workflow processes and procedures • Assisting in and/or creating raining materials QUALIFICATIONS • Bachelors degree and / or equivalent experience • 6+ years of experience with business analysis, business requirements documentation including use cases, design specifications and data flows, and user acceptance testing • Strong analytical skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements • Project Management and Software Development Life Cycle experience required • Knowledge of Financial Services Industry and Data Quality principles and practices • Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills • Ability to communicate effectively with both system technology and business staff and across multiple layers of management • Ability to work independently and take personal initiative • Demonstrated ability and experience in negotiation, facilitation and consensus-building • Ability to lead and to collaborate effectively within the team as well as with cross-functional team members • Must demonstrate the ability to manage multiple priorities [or tasks], deliver timely and accurate work products with a customer service focus, and respond with a sense of urgency as required • Proven ability to exercise sound judgment and strong problem solving skills • Must be detail oriented with strong organizational skills • Ability to adapt quickly to changing business priorities • Lean expertise preferred Experience with HPQC, MS Office Suite, SharePoint , data lineage and data governance tools • Understanding of technology platforms (i.e retail, investment banking or functions), and application lifecycle management • Experience with or certification in Data Quality / Data Management / Quality Management is also a plus ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
