Marketing Statement

Empower Every New Yorker — Without Exception — to Live the Healthiest Life Possible

NYC Health + Hospitals is the largest public health care system in the United States. We provide essential outpatient, inpatient and home-based services to more than one million New Yorkers every year across the city’s five boroughs. Our large health system consists of ambulatory centers, acute care centers, post-acute care/long-term care, rehabilitation programs, Home Care, and Correctional Health Services. Our diverse workforce is uniquely focused on empowering New Yorkers, without exception, to live the healthiest life possible.
Job Description

The DnA Ambassador is responsible for serving as the conduit between the DnA professionals and the DnA citizens.

Duties and responsibilities include:
Become familiar with our full DnA services portfolio.
Serve as an advocate to our user population (DnA citizens) for the use of the DnA services portfolio.
Support DnA citizens with the technology and processes as defined by the self service delivery model.
Become knowledgeable with the data literacy knowledge base and concepts.
Serve as a first line of onsite support for DnA citizens and DnA champions.
Evaluate data request prior to escalation to the data services team.
Train users on how to use foundational services and corresponding features.
Inform DnA service owners of feedback about DnA services in order to help introduce improvement cycles.
Work with site CMIOs, site directors, Epic reporting liaisons and other local teams to improve data entry into the EHR and other critical line of business systems.
Create training programs to improve data quality and access to data.
Progressively become a subject matter expert in at least three data and analytics services/systems.
Identify candidates to serve as DnA champions.
Develop collaborative relationships with DnA champions by extending awareness of DnA services and become aware of local data related challenges.
Assist DnA citizens to gain data access.
Other related duties, as required.
Level: A DnA Ambassador leverages knowledge in data and analytics concepts and /or subject matter expertise to forge relationships with DnA citizens and DnA professionals to support the improvement and access of data and analytics services. The Ambassador 2 demonstrates high acumen in customer service, communications and influencing skills. They are expert motivators, coaches and trainers. The level 2 Ambassador is expected to be a subject matter expert in a mission relevant domain. Applies advanced knowledge of job area typically obtained through advanced education and work experience. Responsibilities may include: Managing projects / processes, working independently with limited supervision. Coaching and reviewing the work of lower level professionals. Problems faced are difficult and sometimes complex.
Minimum Qualifications

1. A Masters degree or advanced clinical degree from an accredited college or university; or
A Baccalaureate degree from an accredited college or university and one (1) year of experience gathering and documenting business, clinical, and/or functional requirements for software applications development and implementation in a clinical, allied health, non-allied health, behavioral health, information technology, information services, business, analytics or related area; or, one (1) year of experience in a relevant clinical and/or healthcare administration role/function; or
A satisfactory combination of education, training, and experience.
Specialty certification(s) issued by a national commercially available program, state, professional society, academic or technical institution in an area(s) listed above, may be credited on a month-to-month basis toward the required work experience for a total of one (1) year.
Department Preferences

Preference will be given to those with:
7+ years of experience in a health care related field.
Certificates in data and analytics, PMO, process improvement and other systems.
Strong interpersonal skills.
Ability to take complex concepts and distill into simpler themes for presentation to users.
Ability to work on multiple projects concurrently.
Demonstrated leadership skills.
Able to learn new concepts and technologies and train others.
How To Apply

If you wish to apply for this position, please apply online by clicking the "Apply Now" button.

If applying online, please include your cover letter in the same file attachment with your uploaded resume.
