Job Summary:

Responsible for producing reports from various sources to provide the department /division with actionable information or business intelligence. Working with marginal oversight, the incumbent is responsible for performing complex research, analysis, and reporting of network utilization, cost containment and key operational information. This is a senior level position.
Mentor and train more junior analysts.
Evaluate data and report findings for accuracy, completeness, intent, and scope, etc.
Determine or agree upon deliverables with customer, as well as determining the resources necessary to meet those deliverables.
Determine resources necessary (time, headcount, external resources) to meet deliverables,
Act as liaison with IT /vendor and customer and initiate /implement project plan for requests.
Perform appropriate analysis on data: forecasting, modeling, regression.
Mine data from appropriate system and perform appropriate analysis on data.
Present data and provide feedback to client/customer; making recommendations where appropriate.
Develop relationships with subject matter experts (SME).
Seek and adopt best practices in data reporting.
Perform other relevant tasks as assigned by management.
Education/Experience:
Bachelor's degree required.
Requires a minimum of 6 years' experience, preferably in health insurance.
Knowledge:
Prefer strong knowledge of SAS and SQL systems
Prefer 5 years data reporting experience
Experience with Cognos highly preferred
Strong PC skills
Prefer strong database management skills
Understanding interdependencies among data
Organizational, Multitasking, Analytical Thinking and strong Interpersonal Skills
Horizon Blue Cross Blue Shield of New Jersey is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or status as an individual with a disability and any other protected class as required by federal, state or local law.
