About Capgemini
Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion.

Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
Job Description
Title:- Data Analyst II

Location: Bridgewater NJ

Responsibilities:-
The responsibilities listed below are generic and may vary based on different levels of consultants requested
The responsibilities for requested role will be agreed upon with requested client manager
Directly interacts with more senior level internal and external stakeholders i e Managers Directors etc
Act as a subject matter expert in one or more designated data domains
Play a lead role in Data Governance Domain Workgroups as domain SME
Partners with BSG and business to define document data related requirements and settle deliverables and deadlines utilizing negotiation and creativity independently
Lead and provide direction to data analysts
Translate highly complex concepts and conclusions in a clear and concise manner in ways that can be understood by a variety of audiences
Lead and own the analysis of highly complex data sources identifying trends and patterns in data and make recommendations based on analysis results
Additional Responsibilities
Perform root cause analysis on complex data anomalies and working closely data stewards to define best practice
Facilitate review sessions with management business users and other team members
Direct and review the work of other Data Analysts
Coach and mentor junior analysts
Provide estimates for work efforts on projects
Oversees the creation of data assessments and project deliverables
Development of best practices guidelines and standards for Data Governance Data Quality and Data Integration
Qualifications
Must have skills:-
Hadoop and Python
Education and Experience Required:-
Bachelor s degree from an accredited college or university preferably in a Quantitative Field e g Actuarial Analytics Data Science Mathematics Engineering Public Health Data Science Information Systems Statistics etc
MS MA preferred
10 Years of relevant work experience
8 Years in Data Analysis or data related roles
6 Years of Healthcare experience
What we offer
Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums.

We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients.

With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve.

Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships.

Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply.
Disclaimer
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.

This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.

Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.
