Position: eCommerce Data Analyst

Client Profile:
Established Women’s fashion retail company. Headquartered in New York City.

Location: New York, NY

Responsibilities:
Be prepared to Design, prepare, and present all reporting and dashboards for cross-functional teams which includes weekly reporting and monthly reporting on customer behavior, channel performance, and digital marketing performance.
Manage the reporting from 3rd party integrations (Affiliate Marketing, Email Marketing, Google Analytics, Paid Social, and Search).
Manage CRM and provide insights into customer behavior, lifetime value, and purchase patterns.
Provide insights and recommendations to grow web business by identifying key areas for website and consumer communication improvements.
Provide analytic support to measure sales performance, analyze promotional results.
Provide data to determine measure marketing efforts effectiveness.
Identify abandonment issues, traffic trends, and opportunities for improving site conversion.
Qualifications :
Bachelor’s degree in a related field (mathematics, statistics, or computer science preferred.)
3-5 years reporting/analysis experience at a consumer goods online retailer
Strong knowledge & experience with SQL, Hive, or like database querying language.
Past work experience with an eCommerce Enterprise Platform (e.g. Magento, Shopify).
Advanced proficiency with Google Analytics, Heap, Adobe Analytics or web analytic tools. (Web Analytics training certification preferred.)
Experience working on an Agile/Scrum team.
Exceptional communication skills, and ability to present ideas clearly across multiple teams
Excellent communication skills -both written and verbal.
Compensation& Perks:
A+ Compensation Package,
401k (with employer contribution)
Employee Stock Plan
Health, Vision, and Dental Insurance
Generous PTO
Summer Fridays
Darmor Partners
We are an executive search firm based in NY. Our firm specializes in identifying qualified candidates with skill sets in Technology, Product Management, Accounting and Finance, Compliance and Risk, Human Resources and Talent Acquisition, and Sales. Our team works with companies of all sizes, from small to midsize companies all the way up to Fortune 100/500.

Darmor Partners is an equal opportunity employer.
