OverviewAt Perficient you'll deliver mission-critical technology and business solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on the planet. And you'll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our close partnerships with the world's biggest vendors. Our network of offices across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you the opportunity to spread your wings, too.We're proud to be publicly recognized as a "Top Workplace" year after year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned, driven, and fulfilled.Perficient currently has a career opportunity for a Senior Data Analyst with Rochade and Lineage Data Stitching in our NYC office. Must live in NJ or NY or be willing to relocate once cities open. Remote for now.Job Overview:The role of the Senior Data Analyst is for individuals passionate about identifying and delivering the right Business solution for each client. Our Business Consultants have a keen Business orientation with an understanding of how technology can be effectively applied to meet a variety of Business needs.Our Business Consultants fill a number of different roles on our project teams working with a variety of technologies for a wide range of clients. The specific responsibilities vary for each client and each project. Key to the success of our Business Consultants is the willingness and desire to quickly learn the client's industry and the unique requirements of each engagement and to fill whatever role may be required to best support our client's needs.A Business Consultant thrives in challenging environments and accomplishes difficult assignments without significant supervision and instruction. Our Consultants can handle the stress of being accountable for delivery and: complete goals on time, practice strong attention to detail, persevere through tough obstacles, and do not get easily discouraged.The Senior Business Consultant will be involved in the strategic planning of an engagement or helping the client make decisions about their future IT direction. Once a project has begun, the Senior Business Consultant will facilitate key requirements with stakeholders and customers using standard and User Experience techniques. The Senior Business Consultant may be responsible for functional designs, detailed designs and system mapping, wireframes, requirement specifications, and prototypes.The Senior Business Consultant works with the Lead Business Consultant and Senior Project Managers to assist with daily operations exercising time management, communication and collaboration in a fast-paced environment to ensure the successful delivery of projects. The Senior Business Consultant will interface with Perficient technical and business delivery personnel, as well as vendors and customers on a regular basis. May mentor junior Consultants.ResponsibilitiesPerson will be a part of Data Stitching Team* Responsible for the design, development, coding, testing, debugging and documentation of applications to satisfy the requirements of one or more user areas.* May include hands-on new development as well as support, maintenance or enhancement of existing applications.* Works closely with client management to identify and specify complex business requirements and processes.* Researches and evaluates alternative solutions and makes recommendations.Qualifications* Must have Data Catalog, Informatica IDC, Informatica EDC* ASG Rochade, BecubicData and LineageData Stitching a must.* Experience with building stitching linage inside data catalog tool* Must have knowledge of lineage and financial industry, technical metadata layer* ASG DI or shade tool, IBM ISG/Watson, Informatica IMM or ECD (data lineage tools)Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities. Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work.More About PerficientPerficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global 2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities, Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry solutions.Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index and the S&P SmallCap 600 index.Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion to add or change the duties of the position at any time.
