Job Description
The Data Intelligence Analyst works with end-user requests to document moderately to complex business requirements, data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirement in support of enterprise data intelligence projects. Creates specifications for reports and analysis based on business/clinical needs and data elements required or available. Produces data sets, reports, ad-hoc requests, dashboards, queries, macros and analytical pipelines. Conducts data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions. Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers. Analyzes complex problems and issues using data from internal and external sources. May provide consultation to users and lead cross-functional teams to address data and analytic issues. Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers

Experience:
2-year experience working with healthcare information management systems and/or clinical operations experience.
Extensive experience writing SQL statements and accessing relational database system.
Excellent experience with data intelligence tools such as SAS, Tableau, R, Python.
Strong technical proficiency in Caboodle, Clarity, Reporting Workbench and Radar build.
Ability to independently analyze healthcare report requests, create and execute Caboodle queries, Reporting Workbench and Radar build requests with assistance if needed.
License & Certifications
Epic Cogito Data Warehouse certification issued by Epic. needs to be obtained within 90 days, and
Epic Caboodle Data Model certification issued by Epic. needs to be obtained within 90 days, and
Epic Clarity Administration certification issued by Epic. needs to be obtained within 90 days.
Education
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field (graduate degree preferred)
Experience
Typically requires 2 years of experience in Epic Cogito and/or Business Intelligence tools.
Company Description
The Mount Sinai Health System is New York City's largest academic medical system, encompassing eight hospitals, a leading medical school, and a vast network of ambulatory practices throughout the greater New York region. The Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai is committed to improving the human health conditions by conducting innovative clinical and translational research, implementation of evidence-based patient-centered interventions and biomedical education. Our vision is to transform biomedical research and healthcare delivery into a data-driven, evidence-based, patient-tailored discipline. By maximally leveraging information from patients around the world, we deliver premier precision care optimized for each patient, while discovering breakthrough, next-generation treatments through insights derived from cutting-edge analytics applied to unprecedented amounts of patient-derived data.
