A BIT ABOUT OUR DATA & ANALYTICS TEAM

The Kinship Data & Analytics team is a newly formed group with global impact on the Kinship businesses. This team, a mixture of engineering, product insights, and data science associates, will partner with internal and Mars Petcare teams to build a rich understanding of pets and pet-owners and power our business and the Kinship data ecosystem. We are using an evolving, cutting edge tech stack to help us ingest, process, model and democratise data from across the segment to create robust pet-centric views of our clients. As the lead data product analyst on a new team, you will have the opportunity to create foundational knowledge about our products and contribute to the future growth of our platform strategy.

HOW YOU'LL CREATE A BETTER WORLD FOR PETS
Explore data to unlock actionable insights and make recommendations as they relate to subscription behavior, profitability, and product development to build the foundations for a better understanding of pets and pet-owners
Design compelling reporting and data visualizations to communicate meaningful metrics to different audiences within the business
Take initiative to answer the question behind the question – we are looking for people who are always asking why
Partner across the Kinship businesses to surface insights and influence how the organization thinks about our challenges
Further a collaborative environment across teams and business units by operating in an agile environment
WHO WE NEED TO CHART THE FUTURE OF PET CARE

We strive to hire people who are passionate about our mission: creating a better world for pets. For all of our Kinship roles, we look for candidates who exemplify our attributes through consistent behaviors. We believe what we do is just as important as how we do it, and we aim to hire people who are:
Optimistic. Those who's boundlessly energy and enthusiasm for what's next shines through in everything they do. We seek to work with people who are intrinsically happy, and who will drive our vision and purpose while managing the complexities of our businesses.
Purposefully Inquisitive. Those who are courageous and use their deep business insights to cultivate innovation. We want the trailblazers in tech. Those who are entrepreneurs at heart, ask the tough questions, adapt quickly to new situations, and analyze data in new ways to push our big ideas forward.
Open to All. Those who are inclusive leaders, committed to learning, and leveraging our differences as strengths. We hire people who are naturally collaborative and thrive in a flat and flexible organization. Those who are thoughtful communicators, and seek to foster meaningful relationships across our community of diverse partners.
And for this role, we hope you have the following skills we require to round out our team:
4+ years of applied experience executing analysis, communicating results, & developing metrics that matter
Expertise in common techniques for SAAS subscription businesses, such as lifetime value modeling, churn analysis, shopping cart optimization, A/B testing, cohort analysis, etc.
Fluent in Python and SQL; FYI we use PySpark to interrogate our data asset
Experience with popular visualization tools (i.e. Looker, Tableau etc.)
Experience with popular tech stacks: we use Azure and Databricks, with AWS and Redshift thrown in as needed; Excel knowledge is a reality as well
A strong communicator – you enjoy translating complex concepts to a variety of audiences
If you also had these experiences, you'd knock it out of the park:
Passion for growing and strengthening a business using data driven approaches
You are scrappy. You approach questions with a rigor, but you are also pragmatic -- the simplest solution may be the best at times.
Experience with mobile app metrics (user acquisition, sessions, re-engagement) is a plus
WHY JOIN US?

We offer our associates a unique opportunity to have a completely customizable career within pet care. Through Kinship you will work with and learn from a community of industry executives, pet partners, entrepreneurs, and fellow associates across our startup investment companies, outside partners, and in Mars Petcare. Our nimble and flexible approach to work allows you to make an immediate impact across businesses, while learning new skills at every stage. The diversity of our work opens doors to big opportunities and unlocks enormous potential for countless career experiences in pet care. Join us in our mission to chart the future of pet care, alongside the industry's brightest minds.

Kinship's offices are global, and so are our associates. We are located in NYC, San Francisco, Portland, London, Helsinki, Shanghai, and in Moscow. Many of us flex between our dog-friendly hubs and our home offices. Today, Kinship offers exceptional benefits for you, your family, and your pets, generous paid time off, exponential opportunities to build a career within pet care, and progressive reward packages. Interested? Let's take big strides, together.

Mars is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. If you need assistance or an accommodation during the application process because of a disability, it is available upon request. The company is pleased to provide such assistance, and no applicant will be penalized as a result of such a request.

Copyright ® 2019
