Hi,

Greetings!!!

We do have Immediate requirement with one our client in NY, Looking for local consultant who can take in person Interview.

Job Title: Sr. Data stage and Data Analyst

Location: 33 Beaver street, NYC, NY

Duration: 12+ Months with possible extension

Interview Mode: F2F Mandatory

Data stage and Data Analyst:The ideal candidate will lead Extract, Transform and Load(ETL) developer for the data and metadata that will need to be modeled, and displayed in the system. The candidate will have at least 5 years of experience as an ETL developer and should possess the following skills.

Â

Category

Details

ETL Tool

IBM Information server 9.1/8.5/8.0.1, IBM Websphere (Ascential)<b> DataStage EE/8.0/7.5x2/7.5/7.1/390 Server and Enterprise Edition
(Designer, Manager, Director, Administrator), Quality Stage 7.5/7.0,
Meta Stage, Profile Stage, Informatica

RDBMS

Oracle 8i/9i/10g, IBM DB2, SQL 2008/2008R2/2012/2014, SQL Server

Programming Languages

UNIX Shell Scripting, SQL, PL/SQL

Version Control Tool

Tortoise SVN 1.4.8

Â

Required Skills:
Experience in implementing datastage applications using wide range of RDBMSs like Oracle 8i/9i/10g, DB2, SQL Server etc.
Knowledge of developing DataStage Routines and Custom Stages for Special jobs, created Functions, Stored Procedures, Triggers using SQL, PL/SQL.
Extensively involved in Performance tuning the complex large data loads and long running jobs to optimize run time, resource utilization and increase maintainability.
Experience with Data Modelling, designing of the logical and physical data warehouse schema, including but not limited to implementation of full SDLC of Data warehousingÂProjects with Dimensional Modelling, Star schemas, Snow Flakes Schemas, and Operational Data Store.
Experience with SQ 2012 on High Availability configuration, support, and troubleshooting.
Experience Performance tuning, Performance monitoring, Replication, Log Shipping, Database Mirroring, Database capacity planning, Users and Role creation and monitoring.
Experienced in working in tight schedules meeting deadlines. Excellent work ethics, self-motivated, quick learner and team oriented.
Â

If interested, kindly do share profiles to madhavi(t)impetususa(dot)com and shahab(at)impetususa(dot)com
