Overview:

Perform advanced data and statistical analysis in support of the creation and maintenance of statistical models, including Regression and Multivariate models. Support unit (dept.) in data analysis and model construction.

Primary Responsibilities:
Assist in establishing, monitoring, evaluating and interpreting data with a risk management focus with an understanding of business strategy.
Demonstrated working knowledge of Credit Risk databases to provide data and analytical support to Senior Management.
Perform data manipulation and analysis using SQL, SAS and Microsoft Excel and present results and recommendations to Credit Risk Management.
Track portfolio performance and risk strategy results. Incorporate observations and data in to existing models to improve predictive results.
Identify deviations from forecast/expectations and explain variances. Identify risk and/or opportunities.
Provide guidance and direction to lower level analysts regarding all aspects of data analysis and the construction of predictive statistical models.
Understand and adhere to the Companys risk and regulatory standards, policies and controls in accordance with the Companys Risk Appetite. Identify risk-related issues needing escalation to management.
Promote an environment that supports diversity and reflects the M & T Bank brand.
Maintain M & T internal control standards, including timely implementation of internal and external audit points together with any issues raised by external regulators as applicable.
Complete other related duties as assigned.
Education and Experience Required:

Bachelor degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis or another technical discipline,
OR in lieu of degree,
A combined minimum of 7 years higher education and/or work experience to include a minimum of 3 years relevant experience.
OR-
Masters degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Quantitative Analysis or another technical discipline, with minimum of 1 year relevant experience,
OR in lieu of degree,
A combined minimum of 7 years higher education and/or work experience to include a minimum of 1 year relevant experience.

Minimum of 3 years relevant experience
Banking or Financial Services experience. Credit Analysis experience preferred. Experience with SAS, SAS Enterprise Miner and other Statistical Software Packages.
Advanced Knowledge of SQL and Microsoft Office.
Ability to utilize analytics in a collaborative manner across business functions and product lines to derive optimum solutions.
Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts.
Demonstrated ability to manipulate and analyze data across large databases.

Location
Buffalo, New York, United States of America
