Description

Positioned in the Finance Department, the Healthcare Analyst – Claims/Encounter Data will be responsible for supporting encounter data submissions to the New York State Department of Health (NYSDOH) and Center for Medicare Services (CMS). The candidate will review data for accuracy and that it meets submission criteria standards. The Healthcare Analyst – Claims/Encounter Data will work with other departments to ensure accurate data submission. This position requires an individual that enjoys problem solving and working in a team-oriented environment that is fast-paced and challenging.

Duties/Responsibilities:
Review encounter data for accuracy, work with other departments to remediate encounter submission issues.
Query large data sets - summarize and present using Excel.
Liaison with regulatory agencies to maintain the organizations adherence to health plan data submission.
Create documentation to satisfy regulatory requirement for internal and external auditing.
Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution. Practical experience, healthcare industry knowledge and technical expertise may be considered in lieu of a bachelor’s degree.
Advanced written and verbal communication skills.
Previous work experience querying large data sets and performing multiple joins.
Familiarity with MS Excel functions and pivot tables.
Preferred Qualifications:
Prior experience with claims or encounter data.
Analytical work experience within the healthcare industry.
Knowledge of SAS or SQL.
WE ARE AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. Applicants and employees are considered for positions and are evaluated without regard to mental or physical disability, race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status or any other protected Federal, State/Province or Local status unrelated to the performance of the work involved.

If you have a disability under the Americans with Disability Act or a similar law, and want a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to careers@Healthfirst.org or calling 212-519-1798 . In your email please include a description of the accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a position within Healthfirst Management Services will be reviewed at the e-mail address and phone number supplied. Thank you for considering a career with Healthfirst Management Services.

EEO Law Poster and Supplement

]]>
