Job Description
Does getting in on the ground floor as an initial stakeholder, and building a solution that has never been built before, get you excited? Do you want to be the person, when people are talking about some awesome innovation in awe, to be able to proudly say you were instrumental in building it? If so then this could be an exciting opportunity for you.

My client partners with companies ranging from fortune 500 to start-ups across all industries to solve their most complicated problems. The main one, most are wrestling with is how to use data and research for their decisions. With this hole in the market in mind, they have recently brought over one of the brightest minds from the AI/Machine learning world to build a product that doesnt exist at this moment. It is tremendously ambitious goal, and they need a special team to do it. They are constructing its own floor, in their current space, and it is just at the start of this exciting journey. They are building a tool that can automate and replace the hundreds of thousands, to millions of dollars, that companies are spending in data science. This tool will greatly cut down on in some cases eliminate the need for companies to pour over data researching to find trends, it will do it for them, basically personalization for B2B.

The need role is for a data-savvy individual to join the Data Science team as the first Data Analyst, on the team. This person will create consumer-focused research content and support user-centric product development and growth based on real-time feed of data sets and data points. Our ideal candidate is a sharp, thoughtful problem solver, who enjoys identifying key business levers and challenges, and then building analytical frameworks with under to impact strategic decision making.

Will use big data and machine learning to help clients make decisions in a completely unprecedented way. The responsibility of the Data Analyst will be to decipher the data to find the insights and patterns that matter the most.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES

Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports

Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality

Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems by working with the data procurement team

Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets

Filter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems

Write SQL/Hive/Spark queries to extract necessary data and present the information in a data visualization platform such as Tableau. Datorama, DOMO or similar to generate business insights.

Proactively perform data exploration on user behavior to discover future testing opportunities.

Work collaboratively with a cross-functional team (Product, Marketing & Engineering) to solve complex business/product/marketing problems.

Create and manage business/operational dashboards to monitor business line performance.

QUALIFICATIONS

Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst

Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques

Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc.), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)

Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)

BS in Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics

Bachelors degree in a quantitative field

You have extensive experience using SQL and Tableau, Looker or similar is a Plus.

You understand experimentation, hypothesis testing, and causal inference

Experience in Deep Learning and Machine Learning algorithms is a plus

It is a truly unique work environment, where they are allowing the right candidate to be part of the creative, as well as the execution of the idea. The company empowers their employees, by choosing the right people, letting them use their unique skills, and giving them every resource, and power to make decisions. Truly a great opportunity to get in at ground floor and make a huge impact on tremendous team!

Salary based on experience
