Job Type: Officer of Administration
Bargaining Unit: N/A
Regular/Temporary: Regular
End Date if Temporary: N/A
Hours Per Week: 35
Salary Range: Commensurate with experience
Position Summary

We are an innovative research entity in the Division of Cardiology looking for a highly organized, detail-oriented and enthusiastic candidate to support the patient-oriented research portfolio of the Center. The Data Analyst will conduct data management activities and analysis for clinical research projects within the Center. The Data Analyst will work in conjunction with the Principal Investigator, other study investigators, and staff to coordinate data management and analysis activities.

Responsibilities

Responsibilities include:
Development of data collection and data entry systems
Running regular data quality assurance checks
Organizing and merging research data from multiple sources
Preparing summary statistics, tables and figures for reports, presentations and publications
Assisting with the interpretation and dissemination of findings in peer-reviewed journals
Coordinating with research staff to ensure the accuracy and efficiency of the data collection and data entry tools and processes
Performing other responsibilities as assigned and requested
Minimum Qualifications
Requires a bachelor's degree or equivalent in education, training and experience, plus two years of related experience.
Preferred Qualifications
Experience with database management (including REDCAP) preferred.
Experience with FileMaker Pro.
Other Requirements
Experience working with large datasets, statistical analysis, and strong working knowledge of advanced SAS and SPSS (or other statistical/database software or other programming language) required.
Well-organized, proactive, extremely organized and detail-oriented with excellent time management skills.
Able to balance working independently and within a multidisciplinary team
Excellent interpersonal, and communication skills.
Able to multitask in a diverse and demanding environment with frequently shifting priorities.
Able to demonstrate flexibility in workload/work hours to meet critical deadlines.
Ability to prioritize multiple projects to ensure the completion of essential tasks.
Must successfully complete systems training requirements.
Equal Opportunity Employer / Disability / Veteran

Columbia University is committed to the hiring of qualified local residents.
