Summer Analyst Program

BNY Mellons Summer Analyst Program (SAP) provides high-potential students with a well-rounded, rewarding internship experience as well as an inside look into what its like to work for a global financial services organization that has been innovating and serving clients since 1784. With projects specifically chosen to both challenge and develop SAP participants, our summer analysts will gain valuable real-world experiences working in their respective line of business/function as well as learn to work together in collaborative teams.

From day one, summer analysts are immersed in BNY Mellons innovative and dynamic company culture as they will receive:
meaningful and challenging work assignments;
networking opportunities with peers, senior leaders and executives;
exposure to different areas of business;
comprehensive professional etiquette and financial services fundamentals training; and
understanding of BNY Mellons commitment to diversity and inclusion
Program At A Glance:
9-week (EMEA) or 10-week (U.S.) summer internship assignment within an identified line of business or division of BNY Mellon* that combines learning with skill development through practical work and projects;
two-day in-person orientation/onboarding and virtual training curriculum; plus
career development and networking support from a host of corporate leaders including rotation assignment managers, senior mentors, peer mentors, business stakeholders and a dedicated program manager.
Program Highlights:
Small, selective program size that allows for more personal attention and support;
Participants can further develop their technical and business acumen skills/expertise, enhance leadership abilities and build networks across the organization;
Robust onboarding and training curriculum designed specifically for summer analysts;
Full commitment from top-level management to make our program the premier internship/talent pipeline program within the financial services industry
Post-SAP Opportunities:

SAP aims to create a pipeline of talent to feed entry-level pipeline programs and entry-level, full-time position hiring needs. Upon successful completion of the program, summer analysts will have opportunities to apply for full-time employment, including: the Emerging Leaders Program (ELP), the Operations Campus Analyst Program (OCAP) and direct hire roles. Overall performance during the Summer Analyst Program and business need will be determining factors in full-time placement.

Qualifications


Program Eligibility/Qualifications:
Enrollment in a 4-year undergraduate (U.S.) or full-time undergraduate (UK) degree program with a strong focus on business-related and/or technology-related majors;
Rising senior (U.S.) or penultimate year students (UK) during summer 2021;
Minimum cumulative GPA of 3.2 or better (U.S.) or 2:1 (UK);
Well-rounded and balanced background including demonstrated leadership abilities;
Strong written and oral communication skills;
Not require sponsorship for employment visa status (now or in the future) in the region where they apply.
BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.
Our ambition is to build the best global team one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.

Primary Location: United States-New York-New York
Internal Jobcode: 05375
Job: Asset Servicing
Organization: AS Eagle Cloud And EMS-HR06432
Requisition Number: 2006993
