Data Governance & Management (DG&M) is a global function within CIB Securities Services. The team uses Business Intelligence tools to drive strategic program initiatives, deliver Fintech solutions, and ensure data is properly managed end-to-end. The Data Management Team ensures the proper data governance framework is in place through data analytics and data ownership. The team resolves data issues at the root cause through data lineage, and works with partners across Operations, Technology, Risk & Compliance and Controls to strategically resolve issues. The team's responsibility is a blend of project management, Fintech/automatons builds and heavy data analysis. We partner with strategic programs across the CIB globally. The team frequently coordinates with reference data providers such as Broadridge, Bloomberg, and DTC. We work with JP Morgan's Chief Data Office to drive adoption of the firm-wide Data Management policies and standards, and deliver value to the wider department through reduction in effort and errors. Finally, we produce metrics, KPI and analysis to assist the management team in making data-driven decisions.• Drive projects that will deliver strategic solutions both using and with-in data.• Coordinate between operations and technology, engage SMEs, and manage deliverables end to end• Establish and lead working groups to perform data deep dive, process mappings, and root cause analysis• Coordinate between external reference data providers (Broadridge, Bloomberg, DTC, etc.) as well as internally between operations, chief data office, middle office, front office, technology, legal, and compliance.• Generate metrics, fintech tools (Qlikview/tableau dashboards, alteryx/xceptor automations, etc.) and produce reporting for senior management using data• Partner on Firmwide initiatives to identify authoritative data sources to complete logical data models (data lineage) and define data elements in data book• Create process efficiencies across Sec Ops Services by eliminating breaks, resolving manual workarounds, and providing clean data• Frequently help create automated solutions through robotics to tactically address data quality issues+ Provide data intelligence to senior management through data mapping, analysis, etc. for potential Business cases. (Ex: use cases for machine learning and artificial intelligence, system consolidation opportunities, creating data lakes or data marts to centralize and harmonize data, impact analysis to show how ops/tech changes will flow downstream, Data comparisons to determine preferred data source, data security/safeguarding opportunities, etc.)+ Drive data education and awareness though fintech forums, monthly newsletters/trainings, etcMicrosoft Office (Excel), Power Point, , Visio, Project, SharePoint), Alteryx, Qlikview, tableau (A plus), Project Management, data analysis & understanding of data conceptsJPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
