Our client, a leading global financial services company, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 140 countries. They provide consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management.

Description:

Business Data Analyst with strong SQL skills

Data Analysis, Financial Products basics, Hands on SQL, some Big Data exposure, Messaging formats- hands on data, iterface work, worked with large systems- SQL- working with data

Candidate has the opportunity to be a contributor to the Global Bank's Markets Data Strategy and contribute towards the goal of increasing revenue by providing key analytics/MIS/metrics for decision making, whilst also improving regulatory quality and accuracy. The candidate will work directly with bright and innovative individuals on both the business and technology side, giving broad exposure to front-to-back trade processing and electronic trading across all asset classes. By being part of the broader strategy, the candidate can also gain exposure to Big Data ecosystems, Google Cloud Architecture & Data Science on one of the largest Data Repositories across the street.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop Subject Matter Expertise on the key data elements that are consumed for reporting data to external and internal clients
Ensure adherence to and develop best practices supporting Client's Project Management Standards
Ensure the business reporting needs are met with the most elegant and timely technology solutions
Ensuring proper development life cycle is followed with artefacts to support Internal Audit and any inquiries
Gather business requirements, perform detailed analysis, and produce associated functional specifications across multiple functions.
Go-live support, investigation of issues.
Participation in large-scale "highly-visible” SIT/UAT testing cycles managing technology and business stakeholders
Partner with business & technology leads globally to deliver an E2E solution.
Partner with business, technology and quant stakeholders to suggest innovative solutions to existing issues
Produce implementation approach, timelines, go-live strategy.
Project management & oversight of the deliverables & resources distributed across many different technology teams across the front to back application stack.
Provide regular updates to senior management in technology, middle office & front office
Training of relevant teams prior to go-live of new business processes/products, functionality or applications
Work as lead business analyst/project manager in the team supporting reporting for external and internal clients
Work with Data Governance and Quality teams to understand data issues
Work with technology leads across various teams to accomplish the reporting objective
Work with various technology leads to ensure the gaps in the data completeness or accuracy are converted into prioritized Book of Work items
Qualifications:
Exceptional candidates who do not meet these criteria may be considered for the role provided they have the necessary skills and experience.
10+ years of business data analysis experience in large technology ecosystems
Significant Business Analysis experience across the full project lifecycle (requirements, design, development, testing and deployment).
Experience with Global Markets, Private Bank, Payments or Securities Services Product Knowledge preferred. Other general Financial Services experience should be coupled with other qualifications in this list.
Any understanding of regulatory constraints and experience in delivering regulatory projects is extremely desirable (MiFID II, SFTR, SDRE (EMIR, CFTC, Volcker, etc.) but not mandatory
Front, Middle and Back Office exposure, if any, will be required
Exceptional skills on Microsoft Office – Excel, Word, Project, Visio, PowerPoint.
Should be highly analytical and be able to individually to produce needed insights from the data.
Strong SQL with experience working with RDBMS such as Oracle, Sybase, Netezza expected
Experience working with teams supporting Business Intelligence platforms such as Tableau, QlikView, Microstrategy, will be a plus
A history of delivering against agreed objectives
Any applications development experience will be helpful. If not as a developer, experience
Ability to leverage strong interpersonal collaboration skills in a fast-paced team environment
Ability to multi-task and work under pressure
Ability to pick up new concepts and apply the knowledge.
Comfortable in presenting suggestions for change and or improving work flow
Demonstrated leadership skills at the selected level
Enthusiastic and proactive approach with willingness to learn
Excellent analytical and process-based skills, i.e. process flow diagrams, business modelling, and functional design;
Excellent communication skills (there is a requirement to be Business facing)
Excellent organizational and multi-tasking skills with tremendous attention to detail
Familiarity or the ability to quickly understand and formulate application level requirements pertaining to complex workflows, or integration with external applications
Problem-solving and facilitation skills
Proficient at writing and delivering business requirement documents and presentations
Proven delivery record of multiple projects involving process change and technology enhancements.
Proven interpersonal skills with ability to partner and influence across organizational lines
Self-motivation and prioritization of tasks and actions to hit deadlines according to business priorities
The candidate is expected to be dynamic, flexible with a high energy level as this is a demanding and rapidly changing environment
Thoroughness and organization is expected, as well as sound judgment
141478

Please see our complete list of jobs at:
www.rmscorp.com
