Saratoga Medical Center, Inc. Is currently recruiting for a Junior Compensation Analyst to work from our office in Midtown Manhattan. We have been operating clinics, providing occupational health and primary care services to corporate clients and individual patients in the Washington DC area since 1985. Saratoga also has provided the Federal Government with medical staffing services throughout the United States. This project employs the full range of health specialists: nurses, physicians, nurse practitioners, wellness/fitness specialists, emergency medical technicians, dietitians, and medical support personnel. We are a women and minority owned professional services firm, with over 400 medical workers employed at military and private facilities throughout the U.S.

Junior Compensation Analyst Job Responsibilities
Review job descriptions, conduct salary research, make appropriate salary recommendations and complete price proposals.
Establish and maintain a salary survey database
Update th eperformance dashboard in a timely manner
Generate and distribute round-up report (daily snapshot of business activities) on daily basis.
Prepare and complete monthly and annual reports as directed
Perform in-depth research in clinical labor markets across the states Monitor federal, state and local compensation laws and policies to ensure company compliance
Partner with recruiters to provide appropriate guidance regarding compensation and benefits
Partner with HR department to provide appropriate guidance regarding contract renewals
Serve as liaison between contract management team and other departments to address compensation-related issues or requests
Perform any other compensation-related tasks

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience, preferably in Human Resources, Accounting, or other Business related fields. Proficiency in Excel required.
Saratoga Medical Center, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, transfer, discharge, compensation or any other term or condition of employment on the basis of race, religion, color, age (over age 39), sex, national origin, or on the basis of disability if the employee can perform the essential functions of the job, with a reasonable accommodation if necessary.
