About us

ERGO is a marketing technology company that drives the relevance of what’s inside an email with Smart Content. The best way to understand what we do is to imagine that you’re reading your favorite magazine, and with every page you turn, the magazine learns to anticipate your needs and interests and adapts with relevant content.

Our platform leverages big data to drive our Smart Content modules in digital channels. We use our technology platform and professional-services offering to help grow Fortune 1000 brands.

About the Role

We are looking for a Senior Data Analytics Manager to join our team. Your primary responsibility will be to analyze data and develop visually appealing easy-to-understand charts, graphs, reports, dashboard views and insight narratives and recommendations. More specifically, you will be responsible for:
Designing and automating reports for specific products, customers and programs using Python, SQL, and Tableau
Developing and presenting reports with insights to help drive customer and internal decisions
Performing ad-hoc analysis of composite data to quantify trends in market/customer behavior
Designing visually compelling dashboard views for our clients
Developing a thorough understanding of email user data flow
Developing and maintaining internal and external controls to store and retrieve client data, reports, marketing material, and other data
What The Role Requires
Have a deep passion, curiosity, and understanding of advanced data analysis and a strong business sense
Are a self-starter, problem solver, resourceful and are able to work with limited supervision
Are flexible and able to manage multiple tasks and deadlines
Have a strong team spirit
Are a strong verbal and written communicator and excellent collaborator that values building strong relationships with colleagues, clients, and other stakeholders
Have the ability to understand complex topics/processes/problems and explain them to your colleagues in simple terms
Are customer, results, and solutions oriented
Have 3+ years of experience in a role that required advanced analytics, extensive reporting, and abstracting insights/recommendations from large datasets
Have a University Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Applied Mathematics, Operational Research, Business Intelligence or similar quantitative discipline
Have an excellent knowledge of Tableau and Excel (VLookups, Index, Match, SUMIFS, COUNTIFS functions a must)
Have or can quickly develop a working knowledge of email marketing and web analytics
Ability to help us win on Trivia Night
Perks
Choice of Blink Gym or Citibike membership
Bagel Mondays
Working From Home Fridays
Total of 24 PTO package that includes things like: company shut down between Christmas and New Years, Presidents' Day, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, two 4-day weekends on the summer holidays, July 4th and a 4-day Thanksgiving break. This also includes 10 PTO days to use at your convenience.
Office bar cart, daily produce, healthy and unhealthy snacks, Nespresso
Pool table
Health, vision & dental benefits
401k plan with matching
Pet-friendly office
Referral bonus program
A comprehensive career development program and training
Fun company outings and events
Very cool industrial-style West Village studio space
The best perk? Our people. If you’re ready to join us, apply now!
