Position: Senior Business Intelligence & Data Science Analyst
Location: New York City; Full Time.
Reports to: Sales Vice President

ABOUT US:

CheckedUp is a healthcare media company, operating a dedicated network in doctors offices across the US. Our technology platform is deployed at the point of care, actively engaging patients and physicians in the waiting room, exam room and at home. As a health technology leader, CheckedUp aspires to create better educated and more confident patients and physicians who are empowered to make informed health decisions together.

Our team is driven by embracing technology to help bring innovative ideas, products, and services to help enhance and advance the health and wellbeing of people. Composed of leading physicians, strategists, mobile and web engineers and designers, our team is passionate about changing healthcare for the better. We take pride in what we’re doing, and it shows in our work ethic. Because we place a high value on initiative and personal growth, we’ve succeeded within our industry, and continue to push ourselves to create better healthcare experiences. In late 2018, CheckedUp placed #473 on the Inc. 5,000's list of the Fastest Growing Private Companies in the US.

CheckedUp is looking for a Senior Business Intelligence & Data Science Analyst to help grow our in-house business analytics team to provide actionable insights to drive efficiency and profitability across the organization. He or She plays an important in senior-level decision making and improving company profitability by applying and analytical thinking and executing quantitative analysis, presenting the results and recommendations. Tackle problems in sales force planning, touchscreen user interaction, predictive maintenance, operations, and many other subject areas.

The position offers an unparalleled opportunity for personal and financial growth, in a short period of time, in a supportive environment. We have a vibrant, diverse culture and are looking for the right person to join our scrappy team.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Business Intelligence:
Maintain an in-depth understanding of CheckedUp philosophy, products, value, analytical methodologies, and KPIs as well as clients’ business, brands, and needs.
Internal expert for Consumer Insight Analytics and healthcare and pharmaceutical market trends.
Design, develop and maintain the business model mapping and presentation layers in the business intelligence platform.
Provide and advise leadership on data-driven solutions addressing business opportunities in drug specialties.
Tackle problems in sales, force planning, touchscreen user interactions, predictive maintenance, operations, and marketing. Determine testing needed to assure the functionality and integrity of reporting solutions, conduct testing and evaluate testing results recommending and/or taking corrective action as necessary
Data Science:
Work with sales team and external consultants to execute studies that measure the impact of campaigns, including gathering relevant inputs from across the organization, working with 3rd party data provider and analyzing study results.
Perform deep dives and strategic analyses to help further understand drivers of operational results and identify opportunities for improvements.
Work with Senior Management on Content sourcing, proposal generation, contracting campaign execution, and delivery reporting, and measurement.
Actively participate and drive sales team collaboration or strategy meeting/initiatives and actively review opportunities and contracts with commercial goals in mind.
Design statistical analyses, reporting dashboards, and simulations to provide data-driven insight and identify optimal solutions
Work cross-functionally to develop and implement improvements across operations, finance, and sales.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS & SKILLS:
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Systems, Computer Science.
5 or more years of experience in Business Intelligence, Business Analytics and/or Sales Forecasting.
Demonstrated advanced/expert level of skill in analytical and statistical analysis.
Experience using SQL to extract data from relational databases, including the use of inner & outer table joins as well as know how to create views.
Familiarity and/or experience reporting SalesForce analytics.
Experience with linear regression, using ratios for analysis, calculating and interpreting correlations and using visualizations to explore data.
Able to present results from analysis and make recommendations that are accepted and implemented.
Experience involving healthcare, media, and advertising development.
Outstanding communication skills. The top candidates will have had hands-on experiences where they presented results from their analysis and made recommendations that were accepted and ultimately implemented.
DESIRED EXPERIENCE:
Experience involving healthcare, media, advertising, or strategic development.
Prior experience at a leading strategy consulting firm or internal corporate strategy.
Enjoys working in a startup environment with other highly-driven individuals

COMPENSATION

Salary for this position is competitive and depends on prior experience. A comprehensive benefits package is included.

COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY
CheckedUp encourages individuals of all ethnic and racial backgrounds to apply for this position. We are committed to maximizing the diversity of our organization.
