Who we are
Criteo (NASDAQ: CRTO) is the global technology company powering the worlds marketers with trusted and impactful advertising. 2,800 Criteo team members partner with over 20,000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels, by applying advanced machine learning to unparalleled data sets. Criteo empowers companies of all sizes with the technology they need to better know and serve their customers.

A Sr. Data Analyst on the Brand Analytics team is a key player in understanding every aspect of Criteos complex business. This role interfaces across the organization to answer challenging analytical questions related to the performance of Criteo products for Brands. The scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use of leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.
What will you be doing?

As a member of Brand Analytics, you will be joining a team that is growing and in spotlight with focus to turn rich data into actionable insights. We are looking for experienced individual who enjoys collaborating with various Executives, Account Strategy, Sales or Marketing and help them make data driven decisions.
Whether you are delivering clear and actionable insights to advertisers or retailers, analyzing customer behavior and trends, setting up testing or data mining you will be working with sharp individuals leveraging cutting edge technology and mining multi-terabyte datasets. You have proven track record of strength in quantitative analysis, committed to rapidly advancing in your career and strong interest in learning and shaping the e-commerce retail.
Who you are
Bachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field (Data Science, Engineering/Computer Science, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Finance, etc.)
3+ year work experience with a SQL-like query language, Python, and/or R
Clear communicator who can explain and understand complex problems while dealing with both non-technical and highly-technical teams
Ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervision
Intellectual curiosity coupled with exceptional attention to detail

At Criteo, we dare to be different. We believe that diversity fuels innovation and creates an energy that can be seen and felt all over Criteo. We champion different perspectives and are committed to creating a workplace where all Criteos are heard and feel a sense of belonging.

Criteo collects your personal data for the purposes of managing Criteo's recruitment related activities. Consequently, Criteo may use your personal data in relation to the evaluation and selection of applicants. Your information will be accessible to the different Criteo entities across the world. By clicking the "Apply" button you expressly give your consent.
