Sky IT Group is a leader in Big Data collection and analytics for the fashion wholesale and retail industries. We are seeking bright, creative and detail-oriented college graduates to join our rapidly expanding team in New York City. The Business Intelligence division of SKY I.T. Group arms our clients with SKYPAD, a cloud-based analytics tool that empowers users to take on the challenges of the highly competitive fashion retail market. We attract the best talent in the marketplace as we harbor a fast-moving environment where learning, thinking outside the box and collaboration are always encouraged. This is a unique opportunity to join an exciting company, make your mark on a growing business, and learn from smart and interesting colleagues.

Join Sky IT to have the opportunity to become a Data Analyst, BI-Developer or a Business Analyst. Get up to one year of on-the-job training with full-time employment benefits.

During the training period candidates will be exposed to Big Data technologies, Data Visualization tools, Data Analytics and learn the vertical industry by performing statistical modelling, data validation and investigation. Candidate will be required to perform daily validation tasks, variance analysis, QA testing (functional and performance) with a focus on meeting the business objectives on time within a rapidly changing work environment.

Sky will offer one of several career paths within Sky as well as any appropriate certifications:
Data Analyst
Business Analyst
Q.V. Developer
ETL Developer
Requirements
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited college in computer engineering or information technology or operations research or industrial engineering
Develop, maintain, and support business intelligence backend data, including data warehousing, data Extracting, Transformation and Load (ETL), and data reporting
Collaborate with Business Development teams to gather business requirements, identify problems, design and ensure successful implementation of chosen solutions
Collect & organize data from variety of sources of different formats and create parsers to extract required information from these unstructured and unformatted source files
Build automated flows for these multi-source client POS data in Data Migrator to transform and load operational data into different database tables
Monitor and ensure data quality throughout the complex processes by performing root cause analysis and fixing any outstanding issues
Perform Statistical Analysis on client’s operational data to identify trends or relationships among variables which influence retail sales and recommend solutions to optimize sales
Develop predictive models to forecast Sales based on available historical data and correlated variables
Create summary reports for Business management to help make their decisions
Ability to drill down to the smallest detail and provide analysis
Good verbal and written communication skills
Must be able to work full-time
The biggest driver to being successful in this role is: ATTENTION TO DETAIL.

You must enjoy working with the details in order to like this job.
