About us

National Grid is hiring a Senior Data Analyst for our Gas Planning and Design Engineering department in Greenpoint (Brooklyn), NY.

Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes, communities, and businesses. We are there
when people need us the most. We connect people to the energy they need for the lives they live. The
pace of change in society and our industry is accelerating and our expertise and track record puts us in
an unparalleled position to shape the sustainable future of our industry.

To be successful we must anticipate the needs of our customers, reducing the cost of energy delivery
today and pioneering the flexible energy systems of tomorrow. This requires us to deliver on our promises and always look for new opportunities to grow, both ourselves and our business.
Job Purpose

Develop and build on existing relational database systems and data visualizations to enhance business processes including processing invoices, performance metrics and financial reports.
Key Accountabilities

Position Responsibilities (including but not limited to):
Design and develop reports and dashboards
Work with large datasets to import, cleanse, and analyze data
Identify opportunities to improve processes using tools such as Excel (VBA), Microsoft Access, Filemaker and/or PowerApps
Distribute your knowledge with others throughout the organization through training programs
Understand the importance of building relationships across internal teams within the company to get projects completed
Prepare business analysis to understand the business requirements within the business and propose reliable solutions
Qualifications

Bachelor of Science in Information Systems/Information Management/Computer Science or a related field required
1+ years of experience in analysis and/or software development
1+ years of experience in database programming, data cleaning and query creation.
1+ years of Python/R experience
1+ years of experience with a data visualization tool such as Power-BI/Tableau
1+ years of experience with a rapid development tool such as Filemaker/Access/ or PowerApps
1+ years of experience with manipulating and creating relational database systems
Valid drivers license required with a safe driving history that meets National Grids Safe Driver policy.
More Information

This position has a career path which provides for advancement opportunities within and across
bands as you develop and evolve in the position; gaining experience, expertise and acquiring
and applying technical skills. Internal candidates will be assessed and provided offers against
the minimum qualifications of this role and their individual experience.

National Grid is an equal opportunity employer that values a broad diversity of talent, knowledge, experience and expertise. We foster a culture of inclusion that drives employee engagement to deliver superior performance to the communities we serve. National Grid is proud to be an affirmative action employer. We encourage minorities, women, individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to join the National Grid team.
