Job Description
Daily price capture & validation of all investment types.
Produce and analyze valuation movements within client portfolios on a daily basis.
Review of price confirmation collection within department.
Analyze price movements against market expectations.
Provide subject matter expertise support to downstream teams and clients.
Liaise with pricing vendors, brokers and clients to resolve issues and minimize risk.
Qualifications
1 to 3 years asset pricing or fund accounting experience
Pricing vendor knowledge, i.e. Bloomberg, Reuters
Knowledge of industry activities, particularly corporate actions, index tracking and stock markets and fixed income
products
Understand the effect that changes in prices and other data elements have on the market value of an account and be
sensitive to these changes.
Self motivated and proactive with the proven ability to work accurately and under pressure to meet deadlines.
Demonstrate an understanding and interest in stocks, bonds, options, and financial markets and products.
Intermediate to Advanced MS Excel skills, including pivot tables and v-look ups.
Strong database/SQL knowledge a plus
Mathematical mindset demonstrating strong numerical skills.
Familiarity with statistical analysis and time series data
Strong analytical/problem solving skills and attention to detail.
Demonstrate ability to effectively communicate within a team environment and interact across departments.
Demonstrate customer focus and follow-up skills.
Ability to work independently and multi-task in a fast paced environment.
The role holder will be required to operate flexible working hours to cover early starts and/or late finishes as demanded
by the business.

Bachelor degree with preference in Computer Science, Engineering, Finance, Accounting, or Economics.

JPMorgan Chase & Co. offers an exceptional benefits program and a highly competitive compensation package.

JPMorgan Chase is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer Disability/Veteran.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
