Data Analyst - Cardiac Cath Lab
Req #: 0000048995
Category: Nursing
Status: Full-Time
Shift: Day
Facility: RWJBarnabas Health Corporate Services
Location:
Cardiac Surgery Admin, 95 Old Short Hills Road, West Orange, NJ 07052

Job Summary:
The Cardiac Cath Lab Data Coordinator is primarily responsible for abstracting data from the electronic medical record and using proprietary software to enter data into specific cardiac registries. The candidate must be detail oriented, committed to high quality data abstraction, meet quality and productivity standards, function well independently and work well under time constraints to ensure deadlines are met.
Essential Functions:
Tracks and validates data accuracy and timeliness in accordance with specific registries.
Performs quality assurance tasks such as inter rater reliability (IRR) and validation tasks through audits as assigned.
Knowledge base must remain current regarding all registry updates and definitions including, but not limited to glossary specifications changes and additions.
The individual will be an integral part of the Cardiac Cath team attending meetings as required and participating on committees as needed.
Leveraging data abstraction and registries will assist in driving performance improvement efforts and reduce variation.
This individual will serve as an educational resource and subject matter expert to the professional staff, which will improve their understanding of required data required by registries.
Job Requirements:
Must be an Registered Nurse licensed in New Jersey with 3 years of recent Cath Lab experience.
Knowledge of cardiac anatomy and disease process is preferred.
Basic computer skills, that include the navigation of several electronic databases (Cerner, Allscripts, Epic, Excel, Lumedx, MERGE).
Excellent communication skills is a must serving as an educational resource on the Cardiac Cath registry for internal and external audiences as needed.
Ability to work remotely several days a week but travel to specific hospitals is required.
Hours are flexible.
Other Duties:
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Additional Information:
We offer a great work environment, competitive rates and excellent benefits, including:
Medical/Dental/Vision plans
401 (k)
Vacation/Personal/Holiday/Sick Time Off
Short & Long Term Disability
Basic Life & Accidental Death Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
Health Care/Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
RWJBarnabas Health is the most comprehensive health care delivery system in New Jersey and the state s second largest private employer with more than 32,000 employees, 9,000 physicians and 1,000 residents and interns. The system includes eleven acute care hospitals, three acute care children s hospitals and a leading pediatric rehabilitation hospital (Children s Specialized Hospital).

RWJBarnabas Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Company Description:

Barnabas Health is New Jerseys largest integrated health care delivery system, providing treatment and services to more than two million patients each year. Throughout Barnabas Health, our dedicated physicians, nurses, and health professionals are committed to providing the highest quality of patient care and health education to the community and region.

Barnabas Health offers a broad depth and breadth of services and is one of the leading health care systems in the nation, receiving widespread recognition for clinical excellence and patient safety. Barnabas Healths network includes seven acute care hospitals, two childrens hospitals, a behavioral health center, including a statewide behavioral health network, ambulatory care facilities, geriatric centers, specialized womens health services, and comprehensive home care and hospice services. Our 5,200 doctors and 21,000 employees deliver top quality care to 1.5 million outpatients, 220,000 inpatients, and 540,000 Emergency Department patients, and deliver 20,000 babies each year.

We want our patients and their families to know that they can expect the highest level of care, delivered cost-effectively, wherever they see the name Barnabas Health. Each Barnabas employee contributes to a culture of responsibility, improvement, and quality at every one of our facilities, every day.
