Family Health Centers at NYU Langone, a designated Level 3 Medical Home, is the largest federally qualified health center network in New York State, and the second largest in the nation. It includes nine primary care sites, 33 school-based health centers and dental clinics, four day care centers, the nation’s largest dental residency program, and New York State’s largest behavioral health program. The network also includes 12 community medicine sites providing care to disenfranchised New Yorkers, comprehensive HIV services, chemical dependency programs, and a family support center that offers educational, vocational, and other social support programs. Learn more about Family Health Centers at NYU Langone.

Position Summary:
We have an exciting opportunity to join our team as a Sr Data Analyst.

Senior Data Analyst will provide leadership for the Data Analyst team, assuring a consistent focus on data tracking, program performance measurement and quality assurance for the Department of Community-based Programs.

Job Responsibilities:
Manage Efforts to Outcomes (ETO), the primary client service database and reporting system used by LFHCs community-based programs, including standard and custom features
Manage daily activities of departmental Data Analyst(s) and related Data staff, including daily assignments, supervision, and training.
Synthesize and summarize data as needed for funding reports and internal use.
Design custom data collection methods and reporting structures in collaboration with program management
Support and maintain the use of databases and IT systems required by funders, including supervising data entry, reviewing data reports, and troubleshooting.
Assist in the transition of new programs into using ETO, including workflow design, development of custom data entry and assessment tools, and report writing
Assist in management and troubleshooting for programs using in-house (Excel and/or Access) database systems
Run and perform quality assurance for monthly reports submitted to a variety of public and private funders
Provide basic technology support and training to staff and develop and deliver trainings as needed
Act as an internal champion and resource with respect to the database and technology tools available to staff, building buy-in for efficient use of those tools, and identifying creative ways to help staff do their jobs more effectively using relevant technology.
Minimum Qualifications:
To qualify you must have a Bachelors degree. Masters preferred. 2+years.

Preferred Qualifications:
Interest in working with programs that serve vulnerable populations, and a desire to facilitate improved client outcomes through workflow design and program evaluation
High level ability in MS Excel and Access, and ability to learn and adapt new software quickly are a must
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to work collaboratively as part of an interdisciplinary team
Experience with programming (e.g. VBA, SQL), writing queries, and/or business intelligence reports in data warehouses (e.g. SAP, BusinessObjects Suite, Tableau)
Prior experience with web-based CRM (client relationship management) system, especially Efforts to Outcomes
Experience with writing queries for relational database software (such as SQL)
Familiarity with EPIC a plus
Some experience or knowledge of statistics and statistical software packages

Qualified candidates must be able to effectively communicate with all levels of the organization.

Family Health Centers at NYU Langone’s network provides its staff with far more than just a place to work. Rather, we are an institution you can be proud of, an institution where you’ll feel good about devoting your time and your talents.

NYU Langone Hospital-Brooklyn is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sex, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender dysphoria, national origin, age, religion, disability, military and veteran status, marital or parental status, citizenship status, genetic information or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision. We require applications to be completed online.

If you wish to view Family Health Centers at NYU Langone’s EEO policies, please click here. Please click here to view the Federal “EEO is the law” poster or visit https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm for more information. To view the Pay Transparency Notice, please click here.
