Founded in 1984, Geller & Company is a premier strategic financial and advisory firm serving high net worth individuals and families, corporations, non-profits and foundations. Headquartered in Manhattan, Geller & Company employs more than 500 professionals to help shape and drive our client’s financial strategies. Our team works closely with clients to understand their needs and deliver a tailored suite of services including strategic CFO Consulting, Financial Reporting and Accounting, Technology, Wealth Management and Family Office Services.

Geller’s key client is a leading multi-billion dollar financial services company that outsources its finance organization to Geller. This includes financial planning, analysis and reporting; budgeting and forecasting; and accounting and tax work, with strategic and operational oversight of compensation, capital expenditures, real estate and other worldwide areas. Geller provides world-class finance, accounting and strategic outsourced solutions to CFO’s and other senior-level financial decision makers.

Senior Financial Analyst - Enterprise Data

Your Impact:
Supporting FP&A function by preparing management reporting and analysis for all expenses, headcount, allocations, and business unit product P&Ls.
Liaising with corporate FP&A on business group performance vs. business plans and business metrics.
Partnering with the business across Product, Operations, and Sales to develop the annual operating budget including operating expenses, headcount, compensation and capex.
Synthesizing large amounts of raw data and financial information to communicate a meaningful story to business partners.
Acting as a key contact for the CFO team to the business and across the organization for financial data requests and ad-hoc analysis.
Manage the general ledger hierarchy for new product codes, cost centers and business areas.
Monitoring the monthly close process as it relates to expenses and headcount.
Preparing monthly and quarterly financial information for Management discussing year to date performance against business plan and financial outlook.
Developing processes and tools to identify automation opportunities and improve efficiency of CFO team.
Ensuring compliance with applicable internal and external accounting standards and financial policies.
What you’ll offer:
Bachelors in Accounting or Finance.
Approximately 6 to 10 years of Finance experience with at least 3 years in a finance role supporting a business unit.
Strong quantitative, financial, and analytical skills.
Ability to be flexible and adapt to changing priorities and deliverables in a fast-paced environment.
Strong organizational, written and interpersonal communication skills are essential.
Strong Excel and PowerPoint skills and comfortable working with large data sets and various systems.
Experience with SAP, Business Warehouse, and Hyperion
We’d love to see:
Familiarity with the Bloomberg terminal
Comfortable with learning new systems
Why join Geller & Company?
Opportunity to scale your experience beyond the scope of your role
100% funded health, vision, and dental insurance
401K plan with company match
Generous PTO and paid holidays
Philanthropic opportunities
A wide variety of free and healthy snacks available all day in our café
Discounted health club reimbursement
What's next?

If this sounds like you, apply today and Talent Acquisition will review your application and get in touch if there is match.

Geller & Company is an equal opportunities employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, or caregiver status.
