Overview

Role: Sr. Tableau Consultant
Work location: Whippany, NJ
Duration: 6 Months

Includes Data Modeler, Data Miner.) Responsible for importing, cleaning, transforming, validating and modeling data with the purpose of understanding and drawing conclusions from data (may be presented in charts, graphs, and/or tables). Also, design and develop relational databases for collecting and storing data and build and design data input and data collection mechanisms.

Required Skills and Experience:

You are responsible for data related activities such as data extraction, profiling, cleansing, de-duplication, standardization, conversion, transformation and loading, data mining, warehousing, archiving and reporting. Responsible for all activities required to ensure optimum performance and data integrity of databases in production environments, in line with the requirements. Responsible for server based databases in development and test environments including database software installation, database creation, performance and capacity design, backup and recovery design, security design.

Qualifications: 3-9 years experience, Bachelor's Degree.
Should be proficient in Software Engineering Techniques, Software Engineering Architecture, Software Engineering Lifecycle and Data Management.
Should have progressing skills in Business Analysis, Business Knowledge, Software Engineering Leadership, Architecture Knowledge and Technical Solution Design.
5-8 years experience in Tableau
Lead engagements with business stakeholders to identify and define analytics use cases with hypotheses for measurable business value
Identify and define leading KPI's and variables to target business outcomes and goals
Create dashboard designs (wireframes) and product features to make dashboards outcome-driven and actionable
Create interactive dashboards and visualizations leveraging Tableau based on KPI definitions and dashboard designs
Design and build performance-optimized Tableau data extracts
Deliver transformative solutions to clients via adoption best practices and promotion of an analytics culture
Provide thought leadership in data space

In the COMMENTS include:

Legal name:

Phone #:

Email address:

Daily Rate:

DOB (Date and Month) :

Skype ID :

Location (City and State):

Relocate:

Availability to start:

Visa type and expiration:

Hiring Status: C2C/W2/1099

Open for CTH:

Timeslots for phone conversation:

Timeslots for WebEx/video interview :

Summary:

Thanks Regards,

Syed Raza

Desk Number: 585 - 532 - 7200 Extension 9002

687 Lee Road, Suite 250, Rochester, NY 14606

Email : Syed.j@avanitechsolutions.com

Email: syed_j@iic.com

Gmail hangouts: syedraza199025@gmail.com

www.iic.com

www.avanitechsolutions.com
