About Us


Riskified is the AI platform powering the eCommerce revolution. We use cutting-edge technology, machine-learning algorithms, and behavioral analytics to identify legitimate customers and keep them moving toward checkout. Merchants use Riskified to increase revenue, prevent fraud, and eliminate customer friction. Riskified has reviewed hundreds of millions of transactions and approved billions of dollars of revenue for merchants across virtually all industries, including a number of Fortune 500 companies.

About the Role


We are looking for a business-minded, Senior Data Analyst to join our growing operations team in NYC. You will become a fraud expert, working closely with many internal teams (Sales, Integrations, Product, Analytics etc.), responsible for creating accurate performance projections for Riskified's merchants by running live pilots and doing deep analysis.

You'll leverage your analytical skills and knowledge of our product to provide meaningful insights to our prospective enterprise merchants by conducting live pilots for each merchant as a significant part in our pre-sales and onboarding process.

What You'll Be Doing
Run pilots for enterprise merchants, working closely with our Sales and Operations teams
Project manager for very technical, live integrations for new merchants in collaboration with our Integrations team
Use analytical tools in a high level technical environment (R, SQL)
Share deep analysis conclusions and sophisticated technical methods in a clear manner to both technical and non-technical audiences
Master the online fraud prevention domain through hands-on analysis of live data
Become an expert in Riskified's Machine Learning models and features
Qualifications


Candidates must be eligible to work in the U.S. for other than practical training, without any Visa sponsorship (including OPT Visas)
4 years+ hands-on work experience with SQL
4 years+ hands-on work experience with or Python (an expert in one of these languages)
Strong analytical skills with complex data sets
Experienced problem solver and critical thinker
Great communication skills
Ability to work simultaneously on different tasks and lead multiple projects
Life at Riskified


We are a fast-growing and dynamic startup with 500+ team members between our offices in Tel Aviv and New York City. We value collaboration and innovative thinking. We're looking for bright, driven, and passionate people to grow with us.

Some NYC Benefits & Perks:
Fully-covered medical, dental, and vision insurance from your first day
Stock options for all employees, 401(k) + matching, commuter benefits
Catered lunch, team events, healthy snacks, yoga, pilates, soccer league, and more
In The News


Fortune Magazine: 25 Best Workplaces in New York

Announcing Riskified's $165M Funding Round

Inc Magazine: Best Workplaces

Built In NYC: 100 Best Workplaces

Great Place to Work: Riskified

Crain's: Best Places to Work in New York City

TechCrunch: Riskified Prevents Fraud on Your Favorite eCommerce Site

Riskified is deeply committed to the principle of equal opportunity for all individuals. We do not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or any other status protected by law.
