Sr. Data Analyst - RWE If you are a Sr. Data Analyst - RWE with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us We are an international healthcare consultancy specializing in end to end evidence development, optimization, and communication. The company's core competencies reside in Meta Research, Modeling, Data Analytics, Scientific Writing and Simulation Risk Analytics. Senior Management has over 50 years of life sciences experience working in pharma, medical device, consulting, and academia. Through our integrated capabilities in data analytics, epidemiology, health economics, market access and medical communications, we provide our clients with a competitive edge in this dynamic market environment. What You Will Be Doing Responsibilities: - Report directory to the group Director, working in teams to conduct real world data analyses for pharmaceutical, medical device and biotechnology clients. - Lead the design and execution of real world data analyses including development of statistical analysis plans (SAP) - Lead more junior analysts in the execution of project work - Synthesize study results and translate into key findings, interpret results in the context of product/market/industry dynamics, and communicate results to clients. - Independently develop high-quality client deliverables in a timely manner - Collaborate with Client Leads and junior analysts, including regular participation in knowledge sharing, training and mentorship activities What You Need for this Position MUST HAVE: - MS or PhD in related field - 3+ years of data analysis experience with Real World Evidence (RWE) data - Advanced programming skills in SAS or R - Experience working with claims, EMR, survey data - Pharmaceutical/Oncology industry experience NICE TO HAVE: - Tableau/Spotfire - Experience developing scientific communications (abstracts, posters) - HEOR data analysis experience What's In It for You - Competitive Salary DOE - 401(k) with match - Performance related bonus - Generous PTO - Comprehensive Benefits package So, if you are a Sr. Data Analyst - RWE with experience, please apply today! - Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.
CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
