Job Title:
Product & Pricing Data Analyst

Regular/Temp:
Regular

Job Description:

Scope/Purpose of the Position

The Product and Pricing Data Analyst supports the management and implementation of pricing and product rules into Homebridge' s pricing engines. The Product and Pricing Data Analyst supports and creates processes to properly test and deploy pricing and product rules. They maintain branch and channel margins inputted into pricing engines and support staff. Contributes to vendor management, investor relations and any technical project associated with Capital Markets.

Key Responsibilities and Essential Functions
Product and Pricing
Acts as a developer for the management of new investor product development and existing product changes. Efforts include:
managing investor guidelines
loan level pricing adjusters
agency loan limits
rate sheets
other related product attributes within our pricing engine(s) and loan origination systems
Document changes and author product business requirements inclusive of test matrices to communicate development to the business as needed
Responsible for implementing new products within the company's pricing engines. Support development and testing teams to ensure successful related product releases.
Configure each business entity channel within pricing engine(s) to maintain and control margins, conditional mark-ups, and adjusters that impact pricing and eligibility.
Liaison and Support
Provide support to Capital Markets, product management, sales and development teams via help desk solutions, phone, email and webinar. Continuously communicates best practices and updates systems knowledgebase.
Act as a Capital Markets liaison to support all technology related projects. Employee will support the creation of related business and project plans and help define business rules for said technology projects.
Establish and maintain investor and vendor relations inclusive of receiving pursuing investor bulletins and business announcements.
Key Performance Indicators
Achieves a high level of quality performance with the assessment and implementation of assigned tasks resulting in a 99.80% quarterly accuracy rating.
Provide high quality customer service resulting in a 95% minimum customer satisfaction rating
On an ongoing basis, ensures the successful upload of all assigned rate sheets for assigned pricing engines at a 100% daily success rate.
Work Experience and Knowledge, Skills and Abilities
Excellent analytic skills, attention to detail, and ability to work within time constraints.
Excellent level of oral and written communication skills. Ability to communicate across a variety of audiences.
Intermediate level of computer skills and the ability to function in a windows environment utilizing Outlook, Word and Excel.
Professional and effective interpersonal skills. Solid decision-making skills with display of professionalism in maintaining confidentiality.
Ability to rapidly acquire detailed knowledge of departmental policies, practices and procedures.
Strong time management skills, fast learner, self-motivated, and comfortable taking initiative and handling multiple projects simultaneously.
Committed to taking responsibility and ownership for agreed actions and delivery.
Reports to work on a daily and timely basis.
Minimum Qualifications
High school diploma or equivalent
Bachelor's degree, preferred, or five (5) years of similar work experience. Will consider a combination of education and experience.
Three-five (3-5) years' experience Capital Markets or related Mortgage Banking field.
Technical knowledge of Mortgage product and pricing engines user interfaces, preferred.
Business analyst experience a plus

Posting Locations:
NJ-Iselin-194 Wood Ave. S 9th
