Business Data Analyst - long term consulting role with our Fortune 100 client.
You will be joining our team of 50 professionals .

No 3rd party candidates will be considered

You will work under the supervision of the NA & Global Customer Product Line
Owner and support the execution of Global Customer and E-Commerce strategy,
data platform architecture, and integration of new customer data intoclients
data ecosystem.
Requirements:
A passion for data and a deep rooted belief on the value data can bring
to an organization
A passion for keeping up with industry and technology trends
Experience in customer & product sales data integration for Customer &
Sales Analytics is a must.
Experience with Financial metrics, SAP SD, COPA, FI, ECC, SAP BW
Experience in working with APIs for data integration.
Hands-on experience with data visualization tools (Tableau / Power BI /
Qlik)
Strong experience with SQL, ETL tools, programming languages (Python) is
an asset.
Experience in one or more database technologies (e.g. Oracle, MySQL/MS
SQL, PostgreSQL) and
utilizing cloud-based technologies and platforms (e.g. AWS, Azure, Google
BQ)
Strong leadership and communication skills
Self-motivated and can work with minimal guidance
Proven ability to create clear, detailed, concise documentation and
recommendations -- including best practices documentation, roadmaps, and
production schedules.
Proactivity in identifying competing requirements and navigating towards
an accepted solution across a large number of cross functional
stakeholders.
Strong collaboration and ability to partner with cross functional team is
a must.
Able to communicate complex technical concepts and ideas in a simple,
organized business language to clients and management
Ability to manage multiple projects and schedules
Knowledge of agile methodology is a plus
Results-oriented, high energy style and drive to succeed
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, IT, or
related technical field is required.
Show moreShow less
