Position Overview

The Senior Billing Data Analyst is responsible in assisting the Billing Manager in designing policies and
procedures, implementing and creating new billing reports, setting the requirements with our billing
consultant to develop reports to more accurately and timely bill and collect Medicaid billings on a weekly
basis from eMedNY. Collections from the state will be managed and compared to the billed amounts and
all denials will be resolved and managed appropriately according to State guidelines and criteria. Efficient
and effective use of Microsoft Access and Excel is a requirement for the Senior Billing Data Analyst.
The Senior Billing Data Analyst will also assist with creating adhoc billing files for State and member direct
billing monthly, ensuring compliance with all state and federal regulations, as well as organization
policies. The adhoc billing pertains to members who do not have Medicaid and the services billed for are
Willowbrook Case Services, Willowbrook Service Coordination, State Paid Care Management, and Early
Intervention.
In addition, the Senior Billing Data Analyst is responsible for creating Access databases, adhoc reports,
policies and procedures for all assigned tasks, and streamline reporting processes.
It is critical that the Senior Billing Data Analyst understand, demonstrate in their performance, and lead
the department to ensure that:
 Individuals and families are at the center of all we do.
 We work for individuals and families.
 We value what individuals and families have to say.
 We are focused on outcomes that meet individual needs.
 We will be strong advocates and protect individuals’ rights.

Duties and Responsibilities

 Ensure the timely and accurate generation of all Billing related reporting, consistency and
standardization amongst the various types of reports and databases and manage the various
reporting tools utilized by CDNY and reconcile complex reports to multiple data sources to
validate reporting accuracy and completeness.
 Ensure through analyses and analytic review that only the following state allowed services are
billed: Comprehensive Care Management, Care Coordination and Health promotion, transitional
care from inpatient settings including follow-up, individual and family support, referral to
community and social support services, and the use of HIT to link services.
 Develop efficiencies to consolidate and increase the effectiveness of outbound file development
and reconciliation, and maintain departmental reports used internally.
 Reconciles all cash paid by the state and members to amounts billed and resolves all
denials/nonpayment to maximize collections. Develops ad hoc reports as needed.
 Develop, analyze and reconcile the output of complex queries using diverse reporting tools.
 Maintain current knowledge of regulations, data files, and their structures and associated
database tables in the IT systems.
 Foster appropriate internal relationships with key partners to successfully monitor Care
Management Services are entered correctly and timely into the Medisked system.
 Assists Billing Manager in installation and monitoring of billing and collection internal controls.
Maintain confidentiality, protect privacy, comply with Protected Health Information regulations,
and report violations immediately.
 J.Complete other duties as directed by the Billing Manager.
 This description of duties and responsibilities is intended to indicate the kind of tasks required of the
position. It does not limit or exclude other duties not mentioned here but required for the successful
completion of the job.

Required Qualifications & Experience

Bachelor's Degree in Accounting or Finance is preferred.
Advance Microsoft Access and Excel is required.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills is required.
SQL query design experience and skills preferred.
A minimum of three years of Medicaid billing, collections, and analysis.
