The SAP Data Analyst verifies and enters all Customer Master, Material Master Vendor Master and Pricing Information for SBS and organizes various reporting requirements related to new and changed master data information. The SDA must thoroughly understand the SAP design of the customer master, material master and pricing files and the SBS database in order to ensure the accuracy of the data and functionality of the system. The SAP Data Analyst will maintain, analyze, make system /process recommendations and complete all SBS centralized functions. The SAP Data Analyst must maintain a high level of customer service with field sales and support people and with the SBS management team.

Manage, Analyze and update master data records for consolidation/deletion, and enhance master data content in SAP for SBS division, ensuring integrity and accuracy as required.
Develop, recommend and implement business process enhancements, as well as design and execute SAP queries as needed for data analysis, quality and governance
Coordinates new product introduction and ensures master data coding conventions are applied as it relates to proper configuration within SAP and product availability.
Input data into the SAP system for new/existing products and make necessary changes to existing SAP data for current products. This master data includes, but not limited to Material Masters, Bill of Materials, Classifications, Configuration Profiles, Info Records, Pricing, Vendors and Customers.
Maintain the SAP tables such as product hierarchies, authorization groups and authorization codes that are related to the dealer database.
Trouble-shoot production issues, and if appropriate make necessary corrections to the associated master data setup, with the goal of avoiding future issues.
Assist in establishing best practices, policies and Sop’s for customer master data maintenance and monitoring
Provide guidance and recommendations to business units to enhance the quality of customer, material, vendor and pricing master data
Produce SBS listings, mailing lists and any other reports and output needed from the SBS master data.
Create and process all centralized functions for SBS.
Communicates issues and concerns between data team and SBS field personal and help to develop solutions for issues and concerns.
Provide timely customer service to all SBS field locations, SBS management, Third party partners.
Other duties as assigned.

3+ years as a Business Analyst or Supply Chain Analyst, with reporting and Customer analysis experience, SAP Master Data or Data Maintenance
SAP/BW/BI experience preferred.
Data extraction from various systems and data manipulation skills, including Microsoft Excel (pivot tables,) SQL and Access a Plus
Proficient in standard Microsoft Office Applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) SQL a Plus
3+ year’s SAP query building preferred
Excellent verbal and written skills required. Must interface with management and field personnel, and external customers. Must be able to work in a team setting, as well as individually with minimal supervision.
Excellent analytical skills required; must be able to quickly analyze SAP master data issues for resolution.
Bachelor’s Degree, or equivalent work experience
Ability to train others a plus.
Sharp Electronics Corporation is proud to be an equal opportunity employer: minority/female/disability/veteran.
#LI – SD1
