About Abnormal Security:
Abnormal Security is defining the next generation of email security defense. Our platform uses machine learning and artificial intelligence to baseline communication content, user identity, and behavioral signals in real-time and at-scale in order to detect the abnormalities of email attacks.

Customers love us because we consistently detect and stop what everyone else in the market can't -- advanced attacks that have never been seen before -- and we do so with beautiful user interfaces and best-in-industry customer support.

Our veteran team has built some of the most enduring machine learning platforms at leading companies including Google, Twitter, Pinterest, Amazon, Microsoft, and Expanse. We are located in San Francisco,CA, New York, NY and Lehi, UT.

Position Summary:


We are a fast-growing cybersecurity startup that is bringing Machine Learning at scale to fraud prevention. We are looking for a Junior Data Analyst to join our Security Analytics team. You will be responsible for analyzing potential email fraud and sharing your findings with the rest of the team.

What You'll Do:

Be part of the front lines of the cybersecurity defense - identifying, catching, and preventing email fraud.
Exercise incident handling processes across Windows & Mac platforms.
Perform basic email fraud analysis.
Stay ahead of the pack with the latest attack strategies and patterns in email fraud, and adapt our detection procedures and processes accordingly.
Communicate and coordinate additional fraud analysis investigations within the team.
Requirements:


Pride and ability to apply attention to detail and judgment in accurately identifying email fraud - even as attackers are actively attempting to hide their actions.
Capable of completing technical tasks without supervision.
Ability to foster a positive work environment and attitude.
Are comfortable in a fast-paced environment working with a small, close-knit team
Why Abnormal Security:


Competitive pay
Full medical, dental, and vision health insurance benefits
Daily catered lunches and snacks
Generous PTO
Strong growth opportunities and high ownership expectations
Team-wide commitment to excellence, velocity, and customer-focus
Everyone says they're hyper-growth, we're achieving it! Join a high-growth Silicon Valley startup, and experience what building a company, team, and product from the ground up looks like.
One of the most proven machine learning teams in Silicon Valley
Best-in-class customer traction and growth
