Job Description
Primary Skills: Data, powerBI
Duration: 6 Months (posibility of extention)
Contract Type: W2 Only

Job Opportunity:
This role will report into the Program Portfolio Management Office.
This analyst will be responsible for continuing data integrity of all executive level reporting related to project status, resource assignment, allocations, and forecasting capacity demand risks and issues. They will coordinate closely with management teams to ensure data is maintained accurately.
The Data analyst will be responsible for managing resource capacity demand forecasting, identifying potential risks, exceptions and report creation.
Experience in data analysis, data management, reporting is a must.
Requires high level of skills and experience in Excel, Power BI, and Tableu. Data modeling, dashboard creation and report definitions.
Experience in Clarity / CA PPM beneficial but not required.
Experienced in project management and ability to self define projects and actions that will continue to maintain data integrity within systems.
Training and change management experience, ability to listen and work with senior leaders. Strong communication and documentation skills.
To follow up with any questions, please contact Priyanka at 408-907-2689

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
