Open Date 09/11/2019Requisition Number PRN09944NJob Title Data AnalystWorking Title Data AnalystJob Grade BFLSA Code NonexemptPatient Sensitive Job Code?Type Non Benefited Staff / StudentTemporary? YesStandard Hours per Week 19Full Time or Part Time? Part TimeShift VariableWork Schedule SummaryFlexible. Much of the work of database management can be performed from a distance by telework, making use of the Internet, email, and telephone.Is this a work study job? NoVP Area U of U Health - AcademicsDepartment 01337 - Molecular Medicine ProgramLocation CampusCity Salt Lake City, UTType of Recruitment External PostingPay Rate Range 9.62 to 12.00Close DateJob SummaryCoordinates, reviews, and compiles specialized research genomics data in a national consortium database. Facilitates analysis and data reporting requirements, preparing database for public access. Much of this part-time work can be performed by distance computing, making use of the Internet, email, and the telephone, with occasional meeting with supervisor and other members of database team.Responsibilities1.Reviews and analyzes data according to database or experimental protocols. May be involved in identifying and/or acquiring data through collaboration with researchers within a national consortium.2.Designs and compiles special reports in response to internal and external requests in order to provide accessible data for reliable analysis, management review, research purposes and/or reporting requirements.3.Acquires and stores accurate data in a computer data base for subsequent retrieval to provide dependable analysis and reporting.4.Plans, compiles, analyzes, and produces data reports to facilitate reporting requirements and decisions necessitating analytical input.5.Participates in the planning and design of data reporting forms and formats to establish data record systems and documents.6.May be responsible for computer data entry of target data for storage and accurate and timely retrieval.This job description is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to the job.Work Environment and Level of Frequency typically requiredNearly Continuously: Office environment.Physical Requirements and Level of Frequency that may be requiredNearly Continuously: Sitting, hearing, listening, talking.Often: Repetitive hand motion (such as typing), walking.Seldom: Bending, reaching overhead.Minimum QualificationsTwo years experience in data analysis or related research experience, or equivalency required. Experience in computer based data systems management, plus the ability to express statistical and demographic concepts in clear terms, both orally and in writing is preferred.Applicants must demonstrate the potential ability to perform the essential functions of the job as outlined in the position description.PreferencesFamiliarity with genetics, genomics and experimental molecular biology terminology is highly advantageous.Special Instructions SummaryAdditional InformationThe University of Utah is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity employer and is committed to diversity in its workforce. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, University of Utah policy of equal employment opportunity prohibits discrimination on the basis of race or ethnicity, religion, color, national origin, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, veteran's status, status as a qualified person with a disability, or genetic information. Individuals from historically underrepresented groups, such as minorities, women, qualified persons with disabilities, and protected veterans are strongly encouraged to apply. Veterans' preference is extended to applicants, consistent with University policy and Utah state law. To inquire about this posting, email: "employment@utah.edu" or call 801-581-2300. Reasonable accommodations in the application process will be provided to qualified individuals with disabilities. To request an accommodation or for further information about University AA/EO policies, please contact the Office of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action, 201 S. Presidents Cr., Rm 135, (801) 581-8365 (V/ TDD ), email: "oeo@umail.utah.edu" .The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.The University is a participating employer with Utah Retirement Systems ("URS"). Individuals who previously retired and are receiving monthly retirement benefits from URS are subject to URS' post-retirement rules and restrictions. Please contact Utah Retirement Systems at (801) 366-7770 or (800) 695-4877 or University Human Resource Management at (801) 581-7447 if you have questions regarding the post-retirement rules.This position may require the successful completion of a criminal background check and/or drug screen.
