Job Description
SGI Global is seeking a Data Analyst to provide data entry, records and data analysis support for the United States Attorneys' Office in Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Data Analyst position will support the client by providing a wide variety of clerical and administrative assistance services. The work requires knowledge of processes, procedures, and practices associated with accessing databases, data entry, administrative office skills, attention to detail, quality control techniques to ensure accuracy, and the ability to work independently.

Responsibilities

The Data Analyst will provide a variety of clerical and administrative services including, but not limited to, the following:
Review incoming material and independently perform on-line creation of routine and increasingly more complex debt records by entering data into the debt collection database. Routine cases include special assessment only, fines, restitution, and joint and several debts.
Perform on-line data searches to retrieve documentation and analyze data from multiple sources.
Compile case-related information to ensure a complete debt record in the debt collection database. Submit the completed case information to the appropriate district's FLU.
Conduct quality control review of team members' work to ensure accuracy of data in the debt collection database.
Research and post payments to ensure timely posting to debts in the debt collection database.
Review reports to identify expired debts to be closed in the debt collection database in accordance with established procedures.
Enter event codes associated with enforcement actions into the debt collection database to reflect accurate statistical accomplishments.
Electronically initiate generation of form documents that do not require legal interpretation but require consideration of the nature and status of the case.
Create and manipulate spreadsheets to track assignments or review and analyze management reports.
Communicate in a professional and courteous manner with the Office of Legal Programs management, Government officials, and/or delinquent judgment debtors.
Perform other related duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Possess a high school diploma, four-year undergraduate degree is preferred, with a minimum of one (1) year of professional work experience, including data entry responsibilities.
Work independently and efficiently, with guidance from supervisor and team members.
Retrieve and analyze data and information from multiple sources.
Attention to detail and quality control techniques to ensure accuracy.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office software programs (i.e., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook) and in accessing, learning and maintaining various databases and on-line resource search engines.
Operate a variety of office equipment, including personal computers, photocopiers, telephone systems, and scanners.
Perform editing, reformatting, and generating written and electronic documents using MS Word and other document generation software.
SGI Global provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
