Idexcelrsquos client is looking for Data EngineerAnalyst to join their team on a Contract to hire basis. Below is the job Description Job Title Data EngineerAnalyst Location Salt Lake City, UT (REMOTE Till COVID-19) Duration Long Term Job Discription The Senior Data Analyst will work with partners from all business units and other partners to define and detail data reporting requirements for UID initiative. The Analyst evaluates and validates new and existing functions, identifies and analyzes end-user issues and provides support through standardized processes, tools, workflow analysis and testing to ensure end-user requirements are fulfilled. This is a data engineering role that must have AWS experience - AWS Certification are highly preferable Data development with experience in Python (Pyspark, Scikit, Numpy, pandas), Hadoop etc. too. 5+ years of associated work experience Significant professional experience with SQL, Databases, Data Warehouses BI systems Knowledge of big data and analytical technologies Knowledge of Cloud Architecture and services Detailed analytical abilities Written and verbal communication, preferably with technical writing skills Yoursquore advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases and data warehouses Your knowledge of Data Lake and Big Data Architectures Yoursquore advanced working experience in data analysis, requirement analysis, test case development and technical specifications development Your experience with data normalization and de-normalization techniques Your background building processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata, dependency and workload management. Your background supporting and working with multi-functional teams in a dynamic environment. Your solid data management and interpersonal skills Note You can also share your resume directly to praveenlal.kidexcel.com About IDEXCEL, INC Idexcel is a global staffing and IT services organization, with a mission to bring great people and great organizations together. Our diverse client base represents a wide range of industries, including technology, telecom, insurance, healthcare, manufacturing, banking financial services, food commodities trading and federal organizations. Our teams of experienced recruiters directly work with client companies seeking exceptional people to help with their business initiatives. Idexcel, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, disability, military status, national origin or any other characteristic protected under federal, state, or applicable local law.
