Come work at a place where innovation and teamwork come together to support the most exciting missions in the world!

About Shape Security:

We are security and web experts, pioneers, evangelists, and elite researchers. We believe in the power of the Internet to be a positive force; our mission is to protect every website and mobile app from cybercriminals. Shape’s founders fought cybercrime at the Pentagon, Google, and other leading security companies. Come be a part of our unparalleled team that is responsible for making the Internet a safer place for everyone.

Position Summary:

Shape Security is seeking a driven, analytical and highly professional individual who is looking to take on new challenges as an analyst in our Threat Intelligence team.

This role has an engaging mix of data analytics and customer/business engagement. It involves big data analysis and presentations to executive audiences, as well as production of marketing collateral, hosting webinars, co-authoring industry papers and assisting the Sales team by presenting to prospective and POC customers.

If you have a passion for deriving actionable insights from complex big data sets, love to work with intricate statistical analysis, and want to be a subject matter expert (SME) in web and mobile security, then we’d love to talk with you.

Customer-Facing Responsibilities:
Detailed big data analysis of the web and mobile traffic of Global 2000 organizations and produce intelligence reports/presentations for their senior management.
Provide ad-hoc data analysis for customers on an as and when basis.
Provide thought leadership to existing and prospective clients on how to better secure themselves and their customers by sharing learnings from other Shape deployments and research.
Work cross-functionally to guide the future of our analytics product.
Marketing-Focused Responsibilities:
Become a subject matter expert through exposure to Shape’s proprietary data and internal teams.
Assist marketing with the production of blog articles, hosting of webinars and provision of data for marketing campaigns and research papers.
Speak at industry and internal conferences to share results of analysis and research.
Provide on-boarding training for new Shape Sales Executives.
Requirements:
5+ years analytical experience working with large-scale datasets.
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Strong interpersonal skills, personable, and persistent.
Strong proficiency in SQL and/or Python.
A demonstrated enthusiasm and capacity to learn new technologies quickly.
Relevant academic qualifications.
The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of F5 to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.
