Note - Temporary back-fill (3-4 months)

Special Operations Forces (SOF) Language, Regional Expertise, and Culture Instruction (LREC) Incentives and Proficiency Data Analyst

Summary:

The Analyst will support the database and Foreign Language Proficiency Bonus (FLPB) task, this includes input and query the Special Operations Foreign Language Office (SOFLO) database in order to assess and analyze language training database statistics; thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the unit Language Training Program. The Analyst will collect and synchronize all data and databases from subordinate units for the purpose of conducting consolidated analysis and compiling required reports. The Analyst will manage the FLPB Program for the unit, IAW Service and organizational policy. The Analyst will develop new and improve current procedures as needed. The Analyst contractor shall be responsible for managing all paperwork and procedures to assist the unit change Control Languages for applicable SOF personnel through Service processes.

Specific duties may include:
Assess and analyze Special Operations Foreign Language Office (SOFLO) database statistics to enhance the effectiveness of the 1st SFC LREC Training Program.
Collect and synchronize all data and databases from subordinate commands.
Manage the 1st SFC Foreign Language Proficiency Bonus (FLPB) Program.
Manage paperwork and procedures to assist 1st SFC to change Control Languages for all assigned Special Forces, Civil Affairs, and Military Information Support Soldiers through Human Resources Command (HRC).
Understand and apply all relevant Service and local policies as effect incentives and language testing. Draft changes to policy to better support 1st SFC.
Draft and review documentation, provide corrections and provide recommended corrections.
Compile data as required, prepare reports, and create presentations suitable for senior audiences (military grades O6 to O8).
Required Qualifications:
High school graduate or possess a GED
at least 2-years’ experience working on military pay or personnel issues
Proficient in the use all current Microsoft Office applications and SharePoint
Experience performing tasks listed above
Desired Experience:
Ability to interact on a professional level with administration, faculty, students, and all personnel.
Effective use of diplomacy, tact, and judgment.
Ability to work well independently; demonstrated creativity, self-discipline, and organization; and ability to search and understand new technologies and their potential
Clearance:

Secret clearance is required upon entry into position

Location:

(1); Camp Williams, UT (1)
