Connor Group is a specialized professional services firm, made up of Big Four alumni and industry professionals, that partners with financial executives on their most critical accounting and financial operational issues. We work hard to be the best at what we do in the markets we serve and to build a great firm that attracts, develops, motivates and retains exceptional people. Our brand is built from our ability to execute on the most complex transactions and issues, including over 50% of Bay Area IPOs over the past several years. We currently have more than 350 clients on five continents covering North America, Europe, Asia, Australia and South America. Our core expertise is in the following areas: Technical Accounting, IPO Services, Merger & Acquisition Services, Financial Operations including Systems, and Managed Services.

Connor Group's client portfolio contains a mix of multibillion-dollar public companies, mid-cap public companies and pre-IPO companies ranging from late stage to early stage. Our global clients represent the most exciting industries including Software/SaaS, Biotechnology, Medical Device, Clean Technology, Internet/e-commerce, Media / Ad Tech, Consumer Goods and Fin Tech.

Connor Group is building its Research and Development (R&D) Group. Our R&D Group's, mission is to accelerate innovation across the firm focusing on research of new products or services, and development of software-enabled tools leveraging Big Data, AI, ML, and RPA. These exciting innovations will result in SaaS offerings for existing and new customers across multiple markets.

We are looking for core team members that will help us build the foundation for the R&D group and many new innovations. This role will work with the Partner of the R&D group, engaging with Practice Leaders and Clients to develop new products and services.

Responsibilities
Provide data analysis to other core team members - Senior Data Scientist, Senior Data and Software Engineer, and Product Manager
Analyze the client's business, processes and data; proposing and defining business drivers to achieve a set of outcomes
Build customer facing data visualizations to monitor, report and alert customers and CG on the impact of drivers to desired outcomes
Analyze offered service offerings with client data and internal processes to propose new tools and services that could be built into SaaS products
Required skills/Experience
Five + years data analysis, data mining and business insight related experience
Two + years accounting or finance operations process (R2R, O2C, P2P) and data flow experience, with a deep understanding of financial drivers
Ability to take responsibility and accountability for own work
High business acumen and professional demeanor
Passion to solve complex business problems with data
Experience mining data in data warehouses and data lakes
Track record of diving into data to discover hidden patterns and of conducting error/deviation analysis
Strong verbal/written communication and data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively develop, communicate clear, thoughtful, and comprehensive analyses
Proven records in managing customer's expectations in the field of analytics
Desire and ability to grow into a management position
Understanding of DMAIC and Lean Six Sigma
Technical skills: SQL, Data Visualization (Tableau), advanced Microsoft Excel, scripting (Python) and statistical languages (R)
Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, or Accounting required
MBA, MSCE or equivalent, Lean Six Sigma Black Belt preferred
Travel
Ability to travel 20 to 25%, mostly domestic
