If you are a current Vivint Solar employee, please apply to positions using the \"Find Jobs\" task in Workday.


Vivint Solar is the brighter and more affordable way to power your home. We believe people

should have a choice in how to produce the energy they use to live every day. This is why

we’re making it easy for people nationwide to choose to go solar. We’re proud to be a leader

in the renewable energy industry.

Job Duties:
Prepare, audit, and process commissions and other variable-pay structures on a weekly basis
Keep accurate accounting records of payments for reporting; assist with the preparation of journal entries, as well as month-end close and reconciliation of relevant accounts
Create weekly and monthly reports for internal stakeholders and external contractors
Maintain and/or improve internal data and processes as necessary to keep up with demand or compensation changes
Prepare special analyses, projects, or commissions as needed
Work with internal stakeholders (specifically sales staff) on investigating and resolving commissions issues or disputes
Provide commissions training and education to sales and marketing staff as necessary
Assist finance management in other duties as assigned
Minimum Requirements:
A Bachelor’s Degree in Finance, Accounting, or another business-related field – OR – a Bachelor’s Degree in a technology or data science field with adequate knowledge of the business environment
Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Excel (Vlookups and Pivot Tables at a minimum)
Must be a quick learner, able to work independently, and effective with time management while balancing multiple responsibilities
Eye for accuracy/attention to detail
Willingness to own new responsibilities
Nice to Haves:
Knowledge of SQL, as well as general database structure and rules
Basic or intermediate knowledge of programming languages and theory, specifically Python or VBA
Previous ‘customer service’ experience (either with external customers or with multiple internal stakeholders)
Able to maintain a positive attitude under pressure
Unique Opportunities:
You will work closely with nearly every department in the company – this is a great opportunity to learn not only financial operations in the solar industry, but nearly all operations across the entire company. You will work with payroll, HR, accounting, legal, sales, marketing, IT, installation and sales operations, etc.
You will take part in maintaining and using internal controls governed by the Sarbanes-Oxley act (Section 404).
As part of our normal job duties, you will become familiar with SQL, Python, VBA, Salesforce, web technologies, database management, and various BI tools.
You will have the opportunity to build and maintain your own pieces of the commissions process with minimal oversight. The sky is the limit in terms of the technology and method you wish to use to meet your goals.
This is a great opportunity for someone who enjoys the combination of finance with information technology.
Employees of Vivint Solar must submit to a criminal history check, motor vehicles check, drug screening, and obtain clearance from the state based upon the state requirements.

We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.

Vivint Solar is a proud promoter of employment opportunities to our Military and Veterans. We, an equal opportunity employer, do not consider any protected traits (e.g. race, creed, color, religion, gender, national origin, non-job-related disability, age, or any other protected trait) when hiring—under federal, state and local laws.
