The purpose of the Data Analyst in the Case Investigation Team within the Kings County Department of Public Health (KCDPH) COVID-19 response is to maintain and provide case-based surveillance and epidemiologic data for COVID-19 cases reported in the state of California. This team works to meet the demands for timely and highly visible surveillance data used by groups at CDPH as well as the California Department of Technology and the Governors Office to track and respond to the COVID-19 pandemic. This team is responsible for accurately reporting cases of COVID-19 and required data elements to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in accordance with the Council of State and Territorial Epidemiologists guidance.

The Epidemiologist functions within an incident command structure (ICS) as part of the Epidemiology and Surveillance Team and interacts with numerous CDPH programs, local health departments (LHDs), and CDC to perform essential functions.

Applicants must submit a cover letter and resume to be considered.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Coordinate and interact with state and local public health departments, laboratories, Communicable Disease (CD) Controllers and other health agencies.
Communicate effectively and efficiently with involved partners via telephone and email.
Ensure that the needs of the Case Investigation Team are met, to the extent possible.
Establish and maintain standardized methods of data collection in the California Reportable Disease Information Exchange (CalREDIE) or external electronic databases.
Clean data and maintain data quality and completeness.
Analyze data as requested (e.g. to determine number and rate of COVID-19 cases, stratify data by jurisdiction, demographics, and key factors, monitor and assess for trend)
Assist with the generation of data sets, data visualizations and written and oral reports.
Present at meetings, if applicable.
Participate in conference calls with epidemiology and laboratory partners at CDPH, CDC, California LHDs, healthcare facilities, and other state and local health departments.
Perform other duties as directed by the supervisor.
Collaborate effectively in a team environment.
NON-ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Coordinate and facilitate teleconferences and meetings, as required.
Perform other duties as directed by the Health Director, and Health Officer.
JOB QUALIFICATIONS
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with public health and healthcare professionals and internal partners.
Ability to perform data entry, data cleaning, and data quality assessment with attention to detail.
Knowledge and application of Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) requirements and protection of health information.
Knowledge and skills related to analysis of public health surveillance data.
High level analytical and problem-solving skills.
Ability to complete assignments in a timely and efficient manner.
Ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks and work independently.
Demonstrate reliability and integrity.
Prior knowledge and experience in use of CalREDIE, preferred.
Fluency in spoken English is required.
Education/Experience
Bachelor's Degree in public health or related field, required.
Experience in data entry and analysis, required.
Experience with clinical terminology and interpreting laboratory testing results, preferred.
Strong knowledge and use of statistical software such as Statistical Analysis Software (SAS), preferred.
Basic knowledge and use of data visualization software such as Tableau, preferred.
Other Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities
Knowledge of and skilled in the use of Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and Power Point
PHYSICAL DEMANDS
Stand Frequently
Walk Frequently
Sit Frequently
Handling / Fingering Frequently
Reach Outward Occasionally
Reach Above Shoulder Occasionally
Climb, Crawl, Kneel, Bend Occasionally
Lift / Carry Occasionally - Up to 50 lbs
Push/Pull Occasionally - Up to 50 lbs
See (Vision) Constantly
Taste/ Smell Not Applicable
KEY

Constantly (5+ hrs/day)

Frequently (2 - 5 hrs/day)

Occasionally (0 - 2 hrs/day)

Not Applicable Not required for essential functions

WORK ENVIRONMENT

General Office Setting, Indoors Temperature Controlled

EEOC STATEMENT

It is the policy of Heluna Health to provide equal employment opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, genetic information or any other protected characteristic under applicable law.

Heluna Health is an Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employer that encourages minorities, women, veterans, and disabled to apply.
