Working at USfalcon is about providing exceptional professional services to the DoD and various Federal Agencies. We have been excelling in diverse platforms for almost 30 years and continue to be an industry leader. If you thrive in an organization that values integrity, commitment, stewardship, and service, we want to meet you.
We have an exciting opportunity to join us in supporting one of our valued customers as a Tactical Data Link (TDL) Analyst located at Langley, AFB in Hampton, VA.

Develop Interface Control Proposals (ICPs) that make editorial and technical changes to current/future multi-TDL configuration items (US Military Standard (Mil-Std) 3011, 6011, 6016, 6017, 6020, MADL, Cursor on Target (CoT), etc.). Perform detailed technical analysis of ICPs as they relate to USAF platforms and systems.
Provide technical multi-TDL expertise to support the integration of multi-TDL capabilities into USAF platforms and systems.
Develop, or review previously-developed, bit-level implementation specifications for USAF platforms and systems. These implementations shall depict the total multi-TDL implementation requirements for the platform.
Provide technical support at Technical Interchange Meetings and Design Reviews concerning multi-TDL implementations.
Provide technical expertise to analyze concepts or problems with Air Force, Joint, or Coalition standards or implementation of those standards and provide solutions or recommendations in appropriate format as required.
Support development of operational concepts and architectures that use existing and emerging capabilities in support of USAF platform/system information exchange, interoperability, and operational employment requirements. This support shall include participation in Integrated Product Teams (IPTs) and other working groups to address specific technical and operational issues.
Provide analytical assessments addressing impacts on existing allied message standards and systems technical accuracy effect on doctrine and identification of potential problems and provide solutions and recommendations for implementation.
Attend and provide technical support for Air Force, Joint and Coalition-related multi-TDL meetings.
Additional duties as assigned

Required Skills:
At least 5 years recent experience (within past 10 years) in a job working formal operational and information exchange requirements development as they relate to fighter aircraft tactical data exchange.
At least 5 years recent experience (within past 10 years) in a job performing formal Multi-TDL configuration management (to include development and analysis of complex ICPs), data management, military standards management, and staff processes.
At least 5 years recent experience (within past 10 years) working with and exposure to Joint/Air Force doctrine and the NATO Consultation, Command and Control Board (C3B) and it subcommittees.
Desired Skills:
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (e.g., Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, and Outlook)
Education: Bachelor's degree in a technical field (such as engineering, computer science, etc.) from an accredited institution
Clearance: US Secret and NATO Secret
Travel: 10%
Air Force
EPASS
