Position:
Data Analyst

Department:
James T. George School of Business

Date Posted:
06/21/2019

Closing Date:
Open Until filled

Description

The Hampton University James T. George School of Business invites applications for Data Analyst beginning August 2019.

Founded in 1868, Hampton University is a leading historically black university (HBCU) located on the Virginia Peninsula in the City of Hampton. It is a privately endowed, co-educational, nonsectarian institution.

Duties and Responsibilities

The successful candidate will work with the School Dean, faculty, staff and students to create and maintain data sets for the School. In particular, he/she will:

Create and maintain Undergraduate/Graduate student databases and recordkeeping for the following:
School wide internship activity to include students who have registered for internship credit, internship evaluation outcomes, and employer data. Internships are now a requirement for the entire school
Senior Survey results regarding plans post-graduation permanent placement/ graduate programs
Alumni Survey Results
School wide student profile with various demographics (race, gender, permanent residency, phone/ email, GPA, career interests, etc)
Students At-Risk by major
Individual student advisement progression
Student Achievement: Scholarships, Case Competition, Conferences, publications etc.
Trends of enrollment, retention, graduation
School of Business Website updates
Accreditation compliance data support
Other duties related to student support: Digitize student handbook and maintain updates, support departments with special student data requests, support with graduation clearance process
Create and maintain faculty databases and recordkeeping for the following:

Faculty intellectual contributions (journal publications, research presentations, books, editors, consulting activities, other professional recognitions/contributions in research or practice )
Electronic file of faculty CVs
Electronic file of Syllabi
Tracking Update/Annual report activity
Collection and Input of TracDat Data
Other duties as assigned by Dean

Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in Business
Demonstrated skills in Excel
Experience with building databases and recordkeeping
Strong communication and Interpersonal Skills
Self –Starter with lots of initiative
Great organization skills

How to Apply

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the positions are filled. Applicants should submit a Hampton University Application for Faculty Employment, resume, and a recommendation letter Applications may be submitted electronically to anabel.palmer@hamptonu.edu or mailed to:

Dr. Ziette Hayes

119 Buckman Hall

Hampton University

Hampton, VA 23668

(757)727-5472
