Smithfield Foods is a $15 billion global food company and the world's largest pork processor and hog producer. In the United States, the company is also the leader in numerous packaged meats categories with popular brands including Smithfield, Eckrich ®, Nathan's Famous ®, Farmland ®, Armour ®, Farmer John ®, Kretschmar ®, John Morrell ®, Cook's ®, Gwaltney ®, Carando ®, Margherita ®, Curly's ®, Healthy Ones ®, Morliny ®, Krakus ® and Berlinki ®. Smithfield Foods is committed to providing good food in a responsible way and maintains robust animal care, community involvement, employee safety, environmental and food safety and quality programs.
The Data Analyst will support the Data Analytics department by developing new reports & tools, reviewing and publishing management Reports, and performing ad-hoc analysis. In addition, this position will perform various data loads required for reporting.

Creates, supports and implements strategies to establish and improve safety compliance.
Ensures reporting systems are in balance with ledgers.
Maintains integrity of all financial data and reporting.
Runs daily/weekly/monthly Management Reports.
Reviews and analyzes reports prior to publishing.
Performs SKU level allocations for Actuals, Budgets and Forecasts.
Creates/Updates BPC reports developed with the Analysis for Office add-in for Excel.
Retrieves Data from multiple sources including SAP/BI/BPC/Access/SQL.
Works to standardize processes to improve accuracy and efficiency of reporting.
Provides ad hoc analysis and special projects as required.
Assists in training new or additional analysts in respective information systems.
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. May perform other duties as assigned.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals to perform the essential functions.
Bachelor’s Degree from a regionally accredited four-year college or university and 2+ years of relevant experience, required.
Knowledge of accounting/finance systems and financial and business principles.
Experience in manufacturing and/or consumer packaged goods, preferred.
Experience with SAP, BI, BPC, Analysis for Office.
Experience with VBA, preferred.
Demonstrates strong business aptitude, along with problem solving and analytical skills.
Ability to make timely decisions and organize multiple tasks accurately in a deadline sensitive environment.
High standards of accuracy.
High proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Business Warehouse (BW) experience, preferred.
Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making skills.
Ability to think creatively.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong self-motivation and organizational skills.
Ability to work well with others in fast paced, dynamic environment.
Ability to be respectful, approachable and team oriented while building strong working relationships and a positive work environment





Smithfield, is an equal opportunity employer committed to workplace diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, gender identity, protected veterans status or status as a disabled individual or any other protected group status or non-job related characteristic as directed by law.

To learn more about Smithfield’s benefits, visit smithfieldfoods.com/careerbenefits
