Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. has a contingent job opportunity for a full time Data Analyst in Norfolk, VA.

Summary: The Junior Metrics & Data Analyst will develop and maintain the N43 metrics and analysis database to track and report metrics for CNO Availabilities and CMAVs completions.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Metrics may require frequent updates to support management decisions and Flag level briefs. The database should have a report generator capability for identified users to print reports without analyst assistance.
Develop, update and maintain CNO Availability and CMAV trend reports. Analyze trend reports and provide recommendations.
Develop and maintain database to track and report metrics for CNO Availability extension root cause analysis once identified.
Develop and maintain database to track and report metrics for CNO Availability growth and new work root cause analysis once identified.
Function as the database manager for the N43 metrics and analysis database on the CNSL share drive. Ensure the database can update/interface with the Command Readiness Dashboard.
Coordinate with Modernization managers to track and analyze modernization installation operational impact and return on investment (ROI) for tracked alterations. Maintain this data in the N43 metrics and analysis database.
Develop graphs, charts and reports summarizing results of assigned analyses.
Generate PowerPoint presentations outlining results and recommended actions.
Required Qualifications:
High school diploma/equivalent
Two years of experience in database design and management
Two years of experience in data analysis support for complex projects
Proficient and experienced with Microsoft Office, especially with Access, Excel and PowerPoint Highly proficient and experienced with Microsoft Office, especially with Access, Excel and PowerPoint.
Proficient and experienced with Visual Basic for Applications (VBA)
Microsoft Technology Associate (MTA) certification required
AA in Computer related field required
Must have an ACTIVE SECRET level security clearance
Pursuant to the various government contractual requirements, all applicants must be U.S. Citizens
Epsilon Systems Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiaries are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employers, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veterans.
