Junior Data Analyst

About Us

Patient Advocate Foundation (PAF), a national non-profit, headquartered in Hampton, VA, has been solving insurance and healthcare problems since 1996. Our mission is to eliminate patient obstacles to access quality health care. We provide assistance to patients through effective mediation to assure access to quality health care, maintenance of employment and preservation of financial stability. To read more about us, please visit our website at www.patientadvocate.org.

The Opportunity

PAF is seeking a Junior Data Analyst to join our data team in Hampton, VA. This key role will manage the implementation and production of ad-hoc and routine reporting needs. Key skills include, interpreting data from PAF’s multiple databases with a heavy emphasis on the use of Tableau. Skill with MS Excel macros, SQL and other analytic programming languages are also desirable. The Data Analyst will serve under the Director, Research & Data Reporting, and work closely with all internal business leaders, database developers and administrators to produce professional data and reporting deliverables.

Responsibilities Include:
Provide direct data and reporting support to Case Management and other service delivery team members, ensuring compliance with PAF and division guidelines
Create and maintain data reporting templates according to the organization’s specifications
Manage all aspects of data related activities including data extraction & processing to prepare data for internal and external reports
Create customized research reports; interpret data, apply appropriate statistical analysis, highlight main findings, and key points, using Tableau or R-Stat
Collaborate with the Senior Director of Health Service Research to design, implement and manage survey projects
Identify and recommend solutions for areas of data quality and integrity improvements
Maintain project requirements by adhering to project milestones, phases, and elements; communicate with the team required efforts and project resource needs
Position Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree (math, statistics, or other related degree preferred)
2+ years of professional experience required with 1+ years of experience in analyzing data (Master’s education may substitute for 2 years of experience)
Advanced understanding of Excel
Experience with Tableau or other business intelligence software
Experience with Qualtrics and/or other survey design and distribution platforms a plus
Proven experience in maintaining project schedules, documentation, communications, and meeting deadlines
Working knowledge of database infrastructure and relational database concepts (e.g. SQL, MySQL, Kylo)
Ability to use MS Word, PowerPoint for data presentation
Excellent oral and written communication skill
__
*

Our Benefits

PAF is pleased to offer our employees a comprehensive benefit package. We are committed to bring financial health and prosperity to the people of our organization which is reflected in a total compensation package. Our benefits include: health, dental & visions options, STD/LTD, group life & AD&D, group accident and cancer plans, paid holidays, vacation, sick & personal leave, paid winter shut down, 401k with matching, and various wellness programs.

To Apply

This is an incredible opportunity to join an organization that makes a difference! Please apply through Indeed.

One team, one mission – Are you ready to make a difference?

PAF is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Location:
Hampton, VA (Required)
Application Question:
-What is the highest level of education you have completed?
-How many years of experience do you have with Business Intelligence Software (Tableau, Spotfire, Power BI)?

-How much experience do you have writing Excel Macros?

-How many years of SQL or MySQL script experience do you have?

Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.patientadvocate.org
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
