Data Analyst

Portsmouth, VA

This position is located at the Carrier Planning Activity (CPA) which is part of the Program Executive Office (PEO) Carriers. The CPA develops and maintains core Aircraft Carrier life cycle technical and program processes and documentation such as the Aircraft Carrier Class Maintenance Plan (ACCMP), Incremental Maintenance Plan (IMP), Technical Foundation Paper (TFP), Life Cycle Engineering Plans (LCEPs) and the Corrosion Control Information Management System (CCIMS). The CPA develops and manages availability specific Baseline Availability Work Packages (BAWPs), integrating all (i.e. nuclear and non-nuclear) applicable and appropriate maintenance and modernization requirements in collaboration with outside activities for presentation to the Type Commanders.

The Data Analyst will support the Carrier Planning Activity in the life cycle management of Aircraft Carriers. Duties include:
Support development, revisions and/or validation of various program office documentation such as, but not limited to the ACCMP manual; Expanded Ship's Work Breakdown Structure (ESWBS) manual; and Process Instructions;
Support development and management of the CMP and BAWPs for execution of life-cycle maintenance requirements during aircraft carrier availabilities to include integration of assessments, maintenance requirements, inspections, certifications, modernization and services;
Conduct end-of-availability reviews to validate completion of BAWP items;
Update M&SWP (or similar) and maintenance history databases using Availability Work Package (AWP) completion data, including financial and material history;
Develop and maintain metrics
Requirements:
5 years relevant professional experience required.
US Citizen with SECRET Security Clearance
Experience preparing and presenting written and oral reports required.
Experience in MS Office with special emphasis in MS Excel and MS Access preferred.
Experience in maintenance and modernization of Navy ships preferred.
Experience with Database Management preferred.
Experience with M&SWP preferred.
ORBIS offers an excellent benefits package and competitive salary in a professional atmosphere.
