ForKids – Data Analyst

At ForKids, we’re dreamers who find a way to make the impossible, possible through our hard work and dedication of breaking the cycle of homelessness and poverty for families and children. Now is your chance to join our talented, caring, compassionate and fast growing team that delivers a full-spectrum service model, that simultaneously identifies the compound root causes of each family’s homelessness and improves mental health, education, employment, and personal obstacles with supportive services culminating in self-reliant families and educationally-prepared children.

Overview of position:

Reporting directly to the Senior Director of Development Operations, The Data Analyst (DA) interprets data across multiple platforms and presents it in a manner that illuminates community need and agency performance. The DA makes recommendations regarding the methods by which the agency obtains and analyses data and has responsibility for managing the organization’s master data sets, developing reports, troubleshooting data issues, and providing descriptive and predictive data analytics.

The successful candidate must have the following qualifications, knowledge, skills and abilities:

- Bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or college in Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management, Statistics, Economics or other relevant area and a minimum of two year’s relevant work experience.

- Experience in data models and reporting packages.

- Demonstrated experience in managing and analyzing large data sets and relations databases.

- Understanding of metadata standards.

- An analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving.

- Strong verbal, organizational and written communication skills with attention to detail.

- Ability to work with stakeholders to assess decision making needs and gain consensus on data to be analyzed.

- Ability to manage multiple, often conflicting deadlines; and ensure timely delivery on high-quality work.

- Valid driver’s license with no more than three minor driving violations and/or accidents combined within the last three years, and no major moving violations in the past five years.

Compensation commensurate with experience.

To apply: Qualified applicants should copy and paste the following link; https://tinyurl.com/y9yl77ns into their browser in order to view full job description, create an account and apply for this position. After you have created an account you may return at any time to check the status of your application by using the login created. Please attach a cover letter and resume to your application. Please no phone calls or faxes. This position is not a teleworking position and recruitment will continue until position is filled.

ForKids is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Drug Free Workplace.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Vision Insurance
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep our employees, volunteers, and donors safe, we’ve installed clear plastic barriers as needed, provided masks, gloves, and hand sanitizer. We also practice social distancing and daily temperature checks at all our locations.

Experience:
relevant work: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Company's website:
www.forkids.org
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/ForKidsVA/?ref=bookmarks
