NewGen is seeking a Data Science Analyst with an active NATO SECRET security clearance or national equivalent with NATO eligibility.

The scope of this work is to drive improvements to the quality of NATOs situational awareness, risk assessment, strategy, and decision making over the mid- to long-term horizon through the application of data science and analytics to improve organizational performance throughout the Alliance.

Tasking
Contribute to the development of new deliverables and urging emerging work stands; and ensure the dissemination of the resulting products.
Support the aforementioned, with focus on the following:
Technical expertise in Branch regarding the application of data science and analytics to strategic alternatives. Leverages various statistical techniques to identify patterns within large data sets to make predictions and enterprise- oriented suggestions. Utilizes predictive modeling to increase and optimize the effects of Warfare Development.
Strategies to identify patterns within large data sets, make predictions based on data science, and provide corresponding recommendations to senior leadership. Simplifies and communicates key findings and insights to senior leadership and draws implications for work organization-wide.
Predictions based on data science. This line of effort consists of working alongside key stakeholders across NATO to develop and execute data- science strategies over the long-term. This includes both strategies for data science, e.g., how to scale the use of data science in support of every level of decision-making) and strategies informed by data science, e.g., the use of data science to support the development and translation of policy between NATO HQ and the NATO Command Structure.
Metrics that improve NATOs ability to assess effects in the mid- to long- term horizon. Doing so includes the development of comprehensive analytical and mapping capabilities to identify or predict relevant, feasible, and potential challenges and opportunities to NATO and partners.
Performs other job related duties as requested.
In addition the completion of the following tasks is also required to support partnership-related efforts at HQ SACT. The Contractor must be granted base access and possess a NATO SECRET clearance to complete all of the requirements:
Analyze emerging trends throughout the international system.
Produce point papers, documents, briefings and final reports with a high degree of proficiency and efficiency as directed by established deadline.
Support the implementation of findings and in ACT programs of work and, where appropriate, liaise with other NATO bodies.
Populate, update and administrate the digital library.
Provide support to the team for conferences and other events.
Fulfill further specific tasks directed by the Branch Head or the COTR in support of SPP collaborative efforts and other partnership related work strands.
Professional Qualifications and Personal Attributes
Professional experience in the area international relations and security studies.
M.A. degree in a data science or related field.
Four years (within the last seven years) experience conducting predictive analytics using data science (big data) and providing advice on relevant issues in the field of data science.
Demonstrate experience in preparation and development of FOGO or civilian equivalent briefings, background papers, reports, and speeches.
Valid NATO SECRET security clearance or national equivalent with NATO eligibility.
About Us:
NewGen is a technology consulting services company solving some of the public and private sectors toughest challenges across Enterprise Management, Cyber Security and DevOps. While we are vendor agnostic, many of our consultants offer expertise in IBM products and services. We offer a mix of short and long-term contracts, temp to perm and perm roles across the United States under 1099/C2C and W2 (with or without benefits) models. We know that to find and hire the best fit, we must offer interesting work at the best rate possible. By partnering with us, you will find opportunities that leverage and grow your technical abilities and offer you the flexibility you require. Join our talent network today.
