Job Description:

We realize that our greatest assets are our best-in-class associates, which is why we're dedicated to offering limitless opportunities for growth and advancement. We want to help you build a long-lasting career with Ferguson. Together, we can continue to lead the industry and help build our nation's infrastructure from the ground up. Join our team today.

Ferguson is currently seeking the right individual to fill an immediate need for a Product Data Business Analyst.

Responsibilities
Interpret business driven needs to develop, publish, and schedule interactive Power BI reports and dashboards.
Utilize Power BI and / or other reporting packages as catalysts for analytics and the understanding of trends.
Transform existing static data sources into interactive reports and dashboards.
Participate in business analysis activities to gather process improvement tool, report, and dashboard requirements.
Analyze data to identify patterns and trends, identify opportunities for process optimization and present findings to the Enterprise Product Data teams.
Able to diagnose report issues and performance tune reports and dashboards
Bridge the gap aligning various EPDT business teams through technological support and recommending technical solutions.
Recommend, design, develop, test, implement and maintain solutions that streamline repetitive processes and improve efficiencies such as automated reporting, Excel Tools, etc.
Maintain complete documentation and instructions for all the features of reports, tools and templates.
Qualifications
Beginner to Intermediate understanding of SQL, Java and Visual Basic.
Intermediate understanding of DAX a plus
1 year developing Power BI reports, dashboards, KPIs, and scorecards.
Experience in requirement analysis, design, and prototyping
Strong organizational skills required
Team oriented with an ability to also work independently, with minimal guidance
Strong attention to detail
Must be self-motivated
Professional written and oral communication skills
Able to adjust to shifting priorities quickly while remaining productive and delivering results
Benefits

Ferguson is dedicated to providing meaningful benefits programs and products to our associates and their families-geared toward benefits, wellness, financial protection and retirement savings. Ferguson offers a competitive benefits package which includes: medical, dental, vision, retirement savings with company match, paid leave (vacation, sick, personal and holiday), employee assistance programs, associate discounts, community involvement opportunities and much more!

-

The Company is an equal opportunity employer as well as a government contractor that shall abide by the requirements of 41 CFR 60-300.5(a), which prohibits discrimination against qualified protected Veterans and the requirements of 41 CFR 60-741.5(A), which prohibits discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of disability.
