aXseum, Inc. seeks a Full-Time Data Warehouse Programmer/Analyst in Herndon, VA or Newport News, VA to support a military training systems project.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Develop conversion and system implementation plans.
Interact and collaborate effectively with internal and external team members to assure needs of the project are met.
Develop reports using a reporting tool.
Utilize Agile and SAFe principles and work with analysts to write/elicit Epics and decomposing them into User Stories sized appropriately and creating acceptance test criteria for each user story.
Participate in the following meetings: Program Increment, Daily Stand-Up, Iteration Reviews, Retrospective and Backlog Refinement.
Develop BI reports and dashboards.
Adhere to development, maintenance, and system standards.
Acquire and enhance technology expertise, maintaining thorough knowledge of evolving systems programming and analysis and database technology.
May perform related duties as assigned.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and operate in a fast paced, demanding environment.
Good communication and customer service skills.
Must be self-motivated with the ability to take appropriate actions with little to no direction.
Minimum Education and Experience:
Minimum Bachelors degree is required, higher level degree is preferred.
Eight (8) to ten (10) years of related experience with a Bachelors is required. Six (6) to eight (8) years of related work experience with a Masters degree, or three (3) to five (5) years with a PHD is also acceptable.
Demonstrated work experience with MS Power BI, OBIEE, Hyperion, or other BI/reporting tools.
Experience with relational databases.
SQL experience.
Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Must have a Secret Clearance or to the ability to obtain and hold a Secret Clearance.
aXseum Inc. and its subcontractors shall abide by the requirements of 41CFR 60-1.4(a), 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit discrimination against qualified individuals based on their status as protected veterans or individuals with disabilities, and prohibit discrimination against all individuals based on their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. Moreover, these regulations require that covered prime contractors and subcontractors take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status or disability.
