NOTE: Active DoD SECRET security clearance required

Job Description: Tamayo Federal Solutions, LLC, a Department of Defense contractor, is seeking a Mid-level Data Analyst with P-OMMS, CSMP, and U-NNPI background. This position is contingent at this time. This position will be located at Portsmouth, VA.

We are seeking a mid-level Data Analysts that will be part of an energetic, results driven team. This position requires the candidate to provide technical support for the development and management of the nuclear CMP and BAWPs and propulsion plant modernization.

Duties will include but not be limited to:

- Coordination with various internal and external activities such as NAVSEA, Type Commander (TYCOM), Naval Supervising Activities (NSA), RPPY, PPPY, PPEA, Industrial Activities and Ship's Force;

- Review of Current Ship's Maintenance Project (CSMP) data to support advance planning efforts, CMP refinement and budget development;

- Identify and remove U-NNPI information from aircraft carrier P-OMMS CSMP files;

Preferred/Required Skills:

- Maintenance and modernization of Navy ships (Preferred)

- U_NNPI – Required

- P-OMMS - Required

- CSMP - Required

Education/Experience Required:

- Degree not required

- 5 years professional experience - minimum

SECURITY REQUIREMENTS:

- U.S. Citizenship required.

- Candidate must have active SECRET Clearance

Tamayo Federal Solutions, LLC offers a full package of benefits and competitive salary, excellent group medical, vision and dental programs; 401(k); tuition reimbursement; employee training, development and education programs; advancement opportunities; and much more!

EEO/AA Employer. Protected Veterans and individuals with disabilities encouraged to apply.

Please NO RECRUITERS – Job Applicants ONLY

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Navy Aircraft Carriers: 5 years (Preferred)
Navy Ship Maintenance: 3 years (Preferred)
Related: 5 years (Required)
Class Maintenance Plan Support: 3 years (Preferred)
P-OMMS and U_NNPI: 5 years (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Secret (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
People-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
No
