Job no: 514210
Work type: Staff Full-Time
Location: Orange
Categories: Engineering/Computer Science, Information Systems/Technology
Department:32060501 - PH-CENTER OF QTY MED LAKE NONA
Classification Title:

Data Analyst
Job Description:

This position is located in Orlando, Florida.

This position is for a Data Analyst in the Center for Quality Medication Management. This position will need to have experience using Python, SQL, SAS and/or other database/analytical software platforms at an expert level of proficiency to manipulate and analyze data. Additional expertise in custom software and databases will be important for successful completion of analyses.

Responsibilities include:
Analyze and query multiple, complex databases and systems to produce reports and databases.
Design and/or develop specific databases for collection, tracking, and reporting of departmental data.
Responsible for collecting, analyzing, interpreting, and summarizing data in preparation for generation of statistical and analytical reports.
Recognize, investigate, and resolve data discrepancies and anomalies.
Actively seek and recommend improvement to the data update process and documentation.
Perform checks and audit of various data sources to ensure data is accurate and complete.
Using software tools for data analysis, including Python, SQL, SAS, and/or other software, analyze raw data, draw conclusions and provide recommendations.
Collect, compile and analyze data to measure and report on program performance.
Provide reports of analyses to decision makers.
Work with business units across the organization to develop client reporting that supports meaningful and actionable analyses based in medical, pharmacy and behavioral health claims data as well as clinical program data.
Other related duties as assigned by supervisor.

Expected Salary:

Commensurate with experience.
Minimum Requirements:

Master's degree in an appropriate area; or a bachelor's degree in an appropriate area and two years of relevant experience.
Preferred Qualifications:
Must demonstrate experience with database design, reporting tools, and project management and familiarity with health care information system industry.
In-depth knowledge of statistical software (e.g. SAS, R)
In-depth knowledge of large datasets, SQL and drug databases
In-depth knowledge of ETL/interoperability processes and workflows
Excellent technical writing and communication skills
Knowledge of basic principles of claims data
Ability to plan, organize and coordinate work assignments
Ability to work effectively and independently
Ability to communicate effectively verbally, in writing and in front of management groups
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with others
Special Instructions to Applicants:

In order to be considered, you must upload your cover letter, resume, and list of references.

Application must be submitted by 11:55 p.m. (ET) of the posting end date.

This time-limited position is located at the Lake Nona campus in Orlando, FL.
Health Assessment Required: No

Advertised: 10 Jul 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
Applications close: 24 Jul 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
