Embrace better opportunities.

Are you passionate about health, happiness and helping others? So are we. We’re committed to helping our health plan Members live a happy and healthy lifestyle, and we believe that it starts here first, with our Associates.

At AvMed, we provide the tools and opportunities to enhance, expand, and support each Associate’s personal and professional growth. From tuition reimbursement to exercise classes in the office, embrace a better career with AvMed and join our team!

Position: Data Governance Analyst

Scope of position: The Data Governance Analyst must have a holistic perspective on the entire data governance process from both a business and technical perspective. S/he acts as a liaison and translation layer between business and technical teams and operates at high-level enterprise and detailed technical level for analysis purposes. S/he is able to contribute to new Data Governance program projects from initial scoping through full implementation. This role is ideal for someone who can extract complex data using SQL or SAS and who has advanced experience with BI tools such as Talend, Collibra or InfoSys.

We offer:
Competitive Salaries
Comprehensive Benefits: Medical Plans, Health Savings Account, Dental, Vision, and more…
Paid Time Off, Company Paid Holidays, Paid Time Off Cash-In
401(k)plan with matching contributions, Tuition Assistance, Associate Discounts
You have:
Bachelor’s Degree in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics), Business or equivalent education
Masters in Health Informatics or Healthcare Analytics is an asset
Minimum of three years of experience in data governance-related disciplines: data architecture; data modeling; metadata management; data quality analysis; data quality remediation; data profiling and data lineage required
Minimum of three years of experience in healthcare provider or managed care setting required.
Knowledge of medical claims preferred.

You may also have:
Demonstrated performance in:
Analytical – Ability to identify and understand the informational needs of the organization and conduct analyses that is needed for AvMed Executives to make informed and effective business decisions.
Must be able to use intuition, logical reasoning and innovation to solve problems.
Advanced level of proficiency with Microsoft Office Product Suite (Excel, Access, Word, and PowerPoint)
Knowledge of Visio, Amisys, HealthRules and MarkLogic
Knowledge of medical claims processing, procedures and guidelines.
Communication – Accurate, clear and concise written and verbal professional communication skills required.
Planning and Organization - Ability to meet strategic objectives, operating and business plans, and time schedules. Superior follow-through on the execution of chosen strategies and demonstrates an ability to stay the course despite obstacles and challenges.
Flexibility - Ability to handle multiple priorities simultaneously, maintain a flexible work schedule to meet various demands of concurrent multiple projects, and willingness to travel and work overtime as required.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment, in addition to being self-motivated and a strong independent worker.
Growth and Development - Maintains professional and industry affiliations to enhance professional growth and development to stay current with the latest trends affecting AvMed, including latest trends in claims processing/operations, value-based contracting, data visualization and business intelligence.
EQUIPMENT SKILLS:
Ability to use and interact effectively with all modes of modern business communication.
Environment:

At AvMed, you’ll find a family. Our Associates love all the opportunities for advancement, the flexible work environment and team activities. We also encourage our Associates to embrace a life rich in what matters most — health and happiness. We call it being WELLfluent. Join AvMed. Join the WELLfluent!

Location:

Gainesville, Florida
AvMed is a tobacco/drug free workplace, EOE
