Data Analyst Location Burbank, CA Start Date Jul 20, 2020 Apply Now Sign Up For Job Alerts Email Job Refer a Friend Apply with LinkedIn Job Description Data Analyst Burbank, CA Direct Hire Up to 100k year Successful candidate will engage with business teams to define business questions, prepare and model data, and perform analyses with the purpose of understanding or drawing conclusions from the data. This role will join the Analytics Team and will work closely to build, deploy and administer self-service analytics across business units. In this role, you will utilize the Plans diverse analytics tools to turn data into actionable insights with the goal of creating a data-driven culture across the organization. Required Skills Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field as well as equivalent work experience. Minimum 5 years in a quantitative data analytics role with emphasis on data preparation and analysis. Strong ability to blend and wrangle data, create logical data models to be used as a basis for analysis. Proficiency in using enterprise analytics platforms, data visualization tools Tableau, Alteryx, ThoughtSpot, Business Intelligence solutions or equivalent. Knowledge of relational DBMS, specifically Oracle, and ability to script and execute SQL queries. Understanding of the principles and tools of statistical analysis and machine learning is a plus. Bonus Skills Previous work experience in the HealthCare industry preferred. Be a part of the ConsultNet difference. As a leading national provider of IT staffing and solutions, ConsultNet delivers exceptional services to startup, midmarket and Fortune 1000 companies across North America. Since 1996, we've partnered with clients to create rewarding opportunities for our consultants, successfully building teams that have surefire results. In the past two years alone, we have placed more than 1,500 consultants in contract, contract-to-hire, or direct placement opportunities. We understand communication is key to finding the right job that matches your skills and career goals. For us, it's not just the work that we do it's how we do the work. Our breadth of offerings extends to multiple IT positions in major markets throughout the country, see more at www.consultnet.com Id 20-01031
