Data Management Analyst II

Job no:

Work type: Staff Full-Time

Location: Alachua

Categories: Administrative/Professional, Business/Accounting/Finance, Research/Scientific/Grants

Department: - PHHP-COM BIOSTATISTICS

Classification Title:
Data Management Analyst II

Job Description:
1) Manage data file systems from clinical trials and biospecimen banks that include multiple data sets. Initiate data quality checks for the assigned clinical trials. Develop programs for the selection of patient cohorts from COG clinical trials with specified inclusion criteria for approved correlative biology projects requiring biospecimens from the COG biobank in Columbus, Ohio; send deidentified patient data to the biobank for sample selection and shipping. Follow instructions from the clinical investigators and complete the biobank-related tasks with a high level of independence Conduct statistical analyses correlating the results from the biology assays with clinical data from the COG trials.
2) Conduct requested ad hoc analyses and prepare summary reports for the trial committee applying a good understanding of the design and analytic plan in assigned trial protocols; with minimal supervision from the lead study statistician (faculty) and; understand, and implement the protocol-specified interim monitoring and final analytic plan based on an outline provided by the study statistician. Interpret results for assigned clinical trials by employing knowledge of various statistical data analyses methodologies including survival analysis, cox regression analysis, logistic regression and tests of association. Prepare draft semi-annual study progress reports and confidential data safety monitoring committee reports using existing templates for study chair and statistician.
3) Review and study the assigned clinical trials, and the data collection case report forms developed for each. Programmatically conduct regular checks on the trial data, identify data inconsistencies, and work with the study Research Coordinator to resolve the data issues with participating sites.
4) Collaborate with study committees and study statisticians on abstracts and presentations at national and international conferences, and manuscript submissions to peer-reviewed journals; prepare summary reports of requested analyses including interpretation of results, prepare tables and presentation quality figures for conferences and inclusion in manuscripts.
5) Work with COG Industry liaisons to prepare trial datasets for transfer to industry collaborators to help with regulatory submissions to the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and European Medicines Agency (EMA).

Expected Salary:
$64,000 - $70,000 annually, commensurate with qualifications and experience

Minimum Requirements:
Master's degree in an appropriate area; or a bachelor's degree in an appropriate area and two years of relevant experience.

Preferred Qualifications:
1) A master's degree in Statistics, Biostatistics or a related field
2) Diverse skills in data management, programming, and statistical methods
3) SAS and R experience essential additional programming/software experience preferred (e.g.
Stata, MS Office)
4) Ability to work with supervisors and other personnel in BERD
5) Ability to analyze problems and make sound judgments

Special Instructions to Applicants:
In order to be considered, you must upload your cover letter and resume.
Application must be submitted by 11:55 p.m. (ET) of the posting end date.
This is a time-limited position.
The University of Florida is an equal opportunity institution dedicated to building a broadly diverse and inclusive faculty and staff.

Health Assessment Required:No

Advertised: 12 Jun 2020 Eastern Daylight Time

Applications close: 22 Jun 2020 Eastern Daylight Time
