Job Description
About Ruggable:

Ruggable is a fast-growing Los Angeles-based e-commerce company currently disrupting the $5.0B rug market. Our patented 2-Piece Rug System has a removable top layer that can be washed in a home washing machine, offering a stylish and convenient solution for families, pet owners, and busy individuals. We are a small, entrepreneurial team with big ambitions. We have a strong brand, established traction, and a great team fueling our growth. This is an opportunity to participate in a rapidly growing e-commerce startup on its Core Product team.

Our Values:
Be Appreciative – Treat each other, our space, and our community with the utmost respect. Listen to each other, hear our customers.
Be Fierce – Uncover the best ways to do things, then make them even better. Dare to ask questions.
Attitude is Everything – Join the no extra-stress express. Even when it’s hard, remember there is always a way, we will find it.
One Team One Dream – We are in this together. Be transparent, be open, be supportive, be a champion for our customers.
Embrace the Journey – Success is built from iteration. Be nimble, share drafts, welcome feedback.
Take Ownership – No matter the initiative, champion and stay accountable for your time, your work, and your actions.
The Role:

The Product Data & Insights Analyst will work alongside the Product & Data Insights Associate to drive critical analytics on the Product team. This role needs a highly quantitative, detail-oriented self-starter who has a passion for working in a fast-paced environment with structured and unstructured datasets. You will be responsible for building and continuously improving dashboards and reports that track relevant KPIs, gathering and analyzing customer and product feedback, and monitoring our suite of customer listening tools. You will also feel comfortable recommending the capture of new data sources, explaining their value, and translating output into actionable steps to drive our business forward.

Key Responsibilities (dependent on candidate interest / business need at time of hire):
Build and maintain automated reporting dashboards for daily use by relevant stakeholders
Glean insights from data sources to help improve existing products or launch new products
Monitor customer listening tools and perform deep dives to troubleshoot issues
Provide recommendations for continuous improvement of our analytics capabilities (e.g. helping understand new sources of useful data or recommending and integrating new tools/platforms)
Inspire other members of the Product team with an analytical approach to questions
Qualifications:

Required:
1-2+ years of experience in an analytics-focused role, ideally focused on CPG/retail
Proven track record of translating raw data into actionable insight, presenting to business stakeholders, and helping to drive value for the business
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Google Sheets
Some knowledge of SQL (i.e. ability to extract and manipulate data)
Ability to work effectively both independently and as part of a team
Strong project management and organizational skills
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
Preferred, but not necessary:
Experience with CPG/Retail, especially with textiles, carpeting, or apparel
Knowledge of programming languages for data analysis (R, JavaScript, etc.)
Additional Details:
Location: Gardena, CA (~20 min from downtown Los Angeles); will primarily work remotely during COVID-19
Job Type: Full-time
Compensation: Competitive, based on experience
Timeline: ASAP
Powered by JazzHR

53pXv5cyh6
