What is HITRECORD?

Founded and led by actor and artist Joseph Gordon-Levitt, HITRECORD is an open online community with the mission to inspire creativity through collaboration. Users don’t just post about themselves and vie for attention; they work together on a variety of art and media projects that they couldn’t have completed on their own.
So far, HITRECORD has operated as a successful production company, winning an Emmy for its television show, partnering with numerous brands from Samsung and LG to the ACLU, paying contributing community members a total of nearly three million dollars.
With over 900,000 registered community members, our next step is to bring creativity to millions of people across the world.

Our Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion:

The HITRECORD community is made up of people from just about everywhere in the world—a wide-ranging multitude of backgrounds, ages, genders, and beliefs—and we strive to reflect that diversity as much as possible in our workplace. We also prioritize inclusion at our company, striving to create an environment where everyone can be authentically themselves and do their best work. That includes offering competitive salary, health benefits, insurance, and paid parental leave for all employees. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds to apply.

About the Role:

HITRECORD is looking for our first Data Analyst to help build the function from the ground up and be part of the process in setting up the best practices and tools in data collection and visualization. This role will work cross-functionally across Product, Finance, Engineering, and other departments and help each team collect, clean and analyze data - which will drive decision making and provide direction for future growth of the business.
We’re looking for someone who’s a self-starter who has worked at a startup before and wants to be part of building the product analytics function at HITRECORD!
What you’ll do:
Own and master the analytical understanding of user funnel, segmentation and behavior across all facets of the product to drive growth and engagement
Provide the insights to help improve product or creative efforts.
Partner with key stakeholders in Product, Engineering, Finance, Community, etc. to clearly communicate results in order to advise strategy and prioritize initiatives/launches
Create dashboards for executive management teams to stay up to date with company metrics.
Be proactive with any spikes or dips in KPIs and alert key stakeholders with analysis or hypothesis of causes.
Conduct funnel analysis of retention and drop offs to identify opportunities or holes in product flows.
What makes this different:
You will have the opportunity to create a role and impact the path of the company
This role provides a high potential for growth with exposure across all aspects of the organization and significant interaction with key stakeholders in all departments.
You will work with and be exposed to top talent in technology, entertainment and media
Must Haves:
Direct-to-consumer startup experience is a must - especially being part of the implementation of new processes or new systems
2+ years of experience in a Data Insights, Data Analytics, Data Science or Business Analytics role
A self-starter who has built things from the ground up and is looking for autonomy
Strong experience in SQL and product analytics packages; Python and R skills are a plus
Expertise with statistical analyses and concepts (e.g. regressions, experiment design, etc.)

Nice to Haves:
A passion for solving puzzles, understanding user behavior and hypothesizing answers where there were none
The ability to tactfully engage with strong points of view at all levels of the organization
Experience with Amplitude and Segment is highly preferred
Expertise with statistical analyses and concepts (e.g. regressions, experiment design, etc.)
Strategically-minded yet detail-oriented
Excellent interpersonal communication and presentation skills
BA/BS degree in a related field (Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering)
Ability to work in a fun, creative team with a sense of humor
