HumanGood offers competitive pay and phenomenal benefits. Eligible positions
start with 19 paid days off, plus eight holidays, a company-matching 401(k) and
health plans that give you cash to use for those unexpected health issues.

HumanGood is recognized and certified as a Great Place to Work by th
Great Place to Work Institute, who reviewed our programs and polled our team
members.

Come see what HumanGood, the largest nonprofit owner/operator of senior living
communities in California, and one of the largest of its kind in the nation,
has to offer.

The Advanced Data AnalyticsAnalyst is responsible for the design, configuration
and support of the company s Advanced Data Analytics strategy and tactics.
Reporting to the Director of IT Service Management, the incumbent is critical
in identifying business intelligence, advanced data reporting and machine
learning/predictive analytics needs for the enterprise. The incumbent will work
closely with senior management to understand business needs and design
analytics that support operational metrics that assist management in making
decisions. S/he ensures data analytics align with the strategic goals and
metrics of the organization, and identifies ways to improve the current state
and discover new insights. The incumbent proposes recommendations that will
advance the company s learning and decision making capability through data
analytics.

Primary_Functions
Provide input to a strategy around Advanced Data Analytics methods and
tools for use across the enterprise.
Research and provide input to new technology opportunities that will have
an impact on the enterprise-wide BI System(s).
May select, design and build a data warehouse to support the company
needs.
Develop standards, policies and procedures for the form, structure, and
attributes of the BI tools and systems.
Maintain current knowledge of BI vendors products and capabilities.
Work with senior management to perform a needs assessment, understand
business requirements/goals, and capture the reporting requirements,
content and features.
Implement new data or analysis processes based on changing business or
industry conditions.
Analyze data and processes to provide business intelligence information
to leaders, enterprise-wide.
Develop processes to optimize measurement, analysis, and reporting of
clinical and business operations information, analytic projects and with
high-complexity, cross-functional and/or technical impact.
Write code, use SQL, and/PyThon to extract data and reformat it for use
in disparate systems.
Create extract analysis, reports and visualizations from a wide array of
data sources and tools.
Ensure timely and accurate generation of reports. Promote accuracy,
consistency and standardization across the various types of reports and
data sources.
Manage the various software reporting tools.
Use software tools to conduct analyses and manage data processes.
Recommend alternative data or analysis solutions to leaders based on
available data and business needs.
Develop training to educate managers on the use software tools for
information and data analytics (i.e. dashboards, alerts, and reports).
Advise management on the content and interpretation of business data.
Work Duties
Demonstrate high level proficiency to apply business analytics
effectively without assistance and with minimal supervision; strong
working/functional knowledge of subject matter area.
Develop and maintain good working relationships with vendors and internal
departments to drive the best long-term customer service and business
results.
Advanced knowledge of the processes, functions, and operations of the
business.
Implement solutions for improvements that align with day-to-day business
needs.
Provide a business-based rationale for determining the necessity of
incremental improvements and communicates viewpoint using the customers'
own terminology
