Due to the dynamic situation regarding COVID-19, you may experience a delay in the application process for certain positions. While we will continue to accept applications during this time, we ask for your patience and understanding regarding this matter. The health and safety of our employees and community remains our highest priority during this unprecedented time.

Data and Reporting Analyst

Make a Difference in People's Lives While Expanding Your Knowledge and Skills

Diverse Role ● Excellent Training ● Career Options ● Great Culture

Didi Hirsch Mental Health Services has been a leading provider of community mental health and substance use services since 1942. With a history stretching back to the Great Depression, Didi Hirsch has established a strong reputation in the communities we serve. We help more than 90,000 children and adults each year from ten locations and 100 schools throughout Los Angeles and Orange County. We are committed to excellence, diversity and opportunity. We are dedicated and enthusiastic individuals who make a difference in the lives of the clients we serve. We offer a competitive salary along with a full benefits package.

Summary

The Data and Reporting Analyst will have extensive knowledge working with data warehouses and various internal data sources to develop highly compelling visualizations and detailed elements for dashboards, Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), reports and other deliverables using Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services and Microsoft PowerBI or similar programs. This position will provide data related technical support for the Quality and Innovations Division and lead the analysis and design process for database applications and reports. An ideal candidate must be self-motivated, focused on quality, detail-oriented, and possess the ability to meet strict deadlines. They should also have good communication skills and be able to collaborate effectively with multiple departments, including IT, Research and Evaluation, Quality Improvement, and Clinical Operations.

Primary Duties
Mine, extract and utilize appropriate data from the data warehouse and various internal data sources on a regular and ad-hoc basis that assist in identifying and monitoring areas such as clinical outcomes, quality of care issues, clinical management of clients, and quality assurance.
Support quality improvement projects and initiatives through regular and ad-hoc data extracts, reporting, and analytics.
Evaluate, recommends, implements and maintains reporting and analytical tools that measures quality and performance as well as drive informed decisions.
Monitor the quality of data and investigate and resolve/reconcile data inconsistencies to ensure data integrity. Drive continuous improvement efforts to optimize processes and ensure accuracy and completeness of data and reports.
Design metrics, reports and dashboards that help management better understand the data, monitor business health, and access data insights.
Collaborate across multiple departments (e.g. IT, Clinical Operations, etc.) to understand business needs, analyze complex data, provide advance data analysis and reporting, and clearly communicate recommendations.
Manage the full lifecycle of assigned projects, including research, data mining, data analytics, design, development, testing, implementation, and documentation.
Discuss business reporting requirements with stakeholders. Conduct in-depth interviews with subject matter experts to fully understand the requirements and document business needs and convert them to technical specifications.
Presents complicated analytical information in a concise and compelling manner to technical and non-technical audiences.
Track issues with reports, including defects in object logic, schema logic, data quality problems and process errors. Understand complete reporting lifecycle to diagnose problems.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets to help define new process improvement projects and opportunities.
Secondary Duties:
Performs related duties as requested.
Supervisory Responsibility

The employee in this position has no supervisory responsibility.

Environment/Working Conditions

The employee in this position:
Strives to be flexible and adapts to change.
Responds resourcefully to new demands and challenges.
Works effectively with and without distraction.
Maintains a constructive and positive outlook.
Physical Activity

In the course of performing this work, the employee in this position:
Will spend time sitting, standing, walking, reaching, speaking, and listening.
Must regularly lift and/or move up to 10 pounds, and may occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.

Equipment Operation

The employee in is this position may operate any/all of the following equipment:
Telephone/fax machine.
Computer, printer and related equipment.
Copy machine.
Adding Machine/calculator.
Audio /visual equipment.
Computer software may include any or all of the following:
Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint.
MSSQL Server 2008 R2, SQL Server.
Microsoft PowerBI or similar programs.
Business Objects, Crystal Reports, plus other reporting and business intelligence platforms.
Electronic Health Record System.
Other software as necessary.
Requirements
Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Business or other quantitative field is preferred.
Minimum of 2 years of hands on experience with Microsoft SQL Server and 2 years of experience with use of data warehousing tools.
Documented experience using Microsoft PowerBI, Microsoft SQL Server, SSRS, or other enterprise-level databases and reporting tools.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
In-depth understanding of data management (e.g. permissions, recovery, security and monitoring).
Strong project management, organization, communication (verbal and written) and problem-solving skills with the ability to prioritize assignments and meet required deadlines.
Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences clearly.
Ability to adapt to changing needs by acquiring new skills and knowledge.
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team.
Ability to work in a face-paced environment with changing priorities by being flexible, collaborative, responsive, and adaptable.
The employee in this position must be able to perform this job safely, without endangering the health or safety of him/herself or others.
HIPAA Privacy Standards Compliance

The employee in this position will:
Not use or disclose protected health information about any member or other party in compliance with Didi Hirsch’s policies related to state or federal laws such as Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
Use appropriate safeguards to protect the confidentiality of such information.
Report to Didi Hirsch management any use or disclosure of protected health information not permitted by Didi Hirsch policies related to state or federal laws such as HIPAA.
Participate in Didi Hirsch’s training or briefings on HIPAA information as scheduled.
Consult with supervisor on any issues or questions about compliance under Didi Hirsch’s policies related to state or federal laws such as HIPAA.
