Grow your career at Cedars-Sinai!


Come join us and find out why Cedars-Sinai has been ranked as one of the top 100 best places to work in IT as ranked by 2018 Computerworld Magazine for the 10th year in a row!
The Enterprise Information Services (EIS) team at Cedars-Sinai understands that true clinical transformation and the optimization of a clinical information systems implementation is fueled through the alignment of the right people, processes and technologies.

What will you be doing in this role?
Triage intake of data requests and seek understanding of business need.
Applies knowledge of healthcare and critical thinking skills in the analysis of business request and makes recommendations for solution/s to solve challenges.
Provides complex to highly complex report and data analysis with the help of more senior team members, vendors, and/or other EIS department contacts.
May mentor or provide guidance to less experienced staff.
Participates in re-engineering, as needed, operational work-flow processes with end-users/business owners.
Fills in on various work/projects in the absence of the Team Lead.
Provides subject matter expertise and training to end-users and staff as needed.
May participate in interviews and onboarding process.
Able to set and achieve deadlines for self and teammates.
Demonstrates leadership and urgency to other project team members.
Meets all deadlines. Timely turnaround on issues and tasks.
Provides quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights, and trends to decision-makers.
Assists the team with identifying cross-functional and integrated project risks.
Demonstrates leadership to get the job done on time and above expectations.
Leads assigned projects. Must demonstrate an advanced understanding of project management methodologies and components of project lifecycle.
Demonstrates quality of project management.
Independently manages medium to large scale and complex projects.
Leads and evaluates process and requirements analysis, including process mapping though current flow charts, documents, future needs/plans, requirement elicitation, stakeholder analysis, and specification gathering on complex projects.
In addition, using current and projected data, provides recommendations.
Leads and evaluates process and requirements analysis, including process mapping though current flow charts, documents, future needs/plans, requirement elicitation, stakeholder analysis, and specification gathering on complex projects.
In addition, using current and projected data, provides recommendations.

Education:
Bachelor's Degree; minimum.
Master's Degree; preferred.
Experience:
Data Analyst and/or Business Analyst, including facilitation of performance improvement projects and/or quantitative analysis/reporting of quality and efficiency measurements.
Experience in health care delivery setting.
Strong Experience working with healthcare information management systems and/or clinical operations.
Demonstrated experience with project management.
Excellent experience in Microsoft Office including working knowledge of spreadsheets, presentation, and word processing.
Experience with analytic business intelligence tools such as Crystal, Business Objects, SAS, and Tableau.
Experience with project level reporting activities for successful go-lives.
License/Certification Requirements:
EPIC Certification.
