Who we are

Lucky Day Entertainment, Inc. is a startup based in Los Angeles, CA. Our mission is to impact lives for the better by creating winning moments for anyone.

With our first product, Lucky Day, we reimagined the lottery. Lucky Day is a top 10 free app on the Google Play Store with over 10 million installs. Since 2015, we’ve paid our players over $8 millions — all without ever taking a dime from our players.

We’re looking for intelligent people to join our team in building out Lucky Day and our exciting new products from the ground up.

What you'll do

First and foremost, our team is intrinsically motivated and driven. We encourage each other to be curious, experiment and ask for help. Everyone has a voice - it’s who we are as a team, and it’s how we build great products.

At Lucky Day, we work closely with a nimble team to push the envelope toward outstanding user experiences. As the Data Analyst you will be responsible for analyzing our Lucky Day data by working with our team as you develop, test, and create scalable data warehouses and pipelines for the first version of the product and ongoing product development.
Responsibilities
Define and implement business metrics and KPIs and deliver actionable analyses
Own the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, dashboards, analyses, and roadmaps
Partner closely with the leadership, Product, and Tech teams to drive product decisions
Design and analyze A/B multivariate tests to drive KPI improvement
Build high-impact dashboards and analytic tools to increase visibility on our data
Work closely with the Product, Data Science & BI teams to design, build & test end-to-end solutions.
And other duties as assigned
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in a field such as Computer Science, Electric engineering or equivalent work
5+ years of experience in data management or analysis
5+ years of experience with SQL
Experience working with large data sets
Experience working with a Business Intelligence tool (Periscope, preferably)
Self-starter attitude and able to work independently as well as in a team environment
Benefits
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
Flexible work hours
Unlimited PTO Policy
Daily lunches and snacks
Regular team outings
Performance bonuses
Competitive compensation
Work in a startup culture with people that are as driven as you
Career growth

There’s a lot of flexibility and growth opportunity at Lucky Day. You’ll work one-on-one with your coach/mentor to set and reach goals, find new opportunities, and grow professionally and personally. At a minimum, you’ll have a meaningful impact on popular and highly visible products, influence new products, become familiar with new technology, and be able to demonstrate the results of your work.
