ABOUT LIVEGLAM:

LiveGlam inspires beauty enthusiasts by creating and curating monthly makeup products that work for them. We pride ourselves on keeping animals and your wallets happy. Founded in 2016 in the City of Angels, we are now a global team with a leadership group that’s predominantly female. From humble beginnings, our #LiveGlamFam has grown significantly in our few short years with 90+ team members, 2MM social media followers, and 10MM+ products shipped. And our lipstick hasn't even started drying yet

BIG PICTURE:

We are looking for an experienced Data Governance Analyst who can collect, process, and perform statistical analyses of our organization’s data. The ideal candidate can simplify and translate numbers and data in order to help us understand how to make better business decisions. This individual is a lot more than a number cruncher; they will review data and determine how it can be used to solve problems, learn key insights about our customers, and boost sales. This position will focus on establishing and ensuring adherence to an enterprise data governance framework for data policies, standards, and practices.

HOW YOU’LL SPEND YOUR TIME:
Analyze and oversee strategies designed to enhance data reliability and minimize redundancies
Improve and monitor current data practices, dashboards, processes
Create key performance indicators
Pinpoint trends and patterns in data sets
Give guidance on streamlining data management
Develop and implement data standards
Ensure metadata is captured correctly and create methods for monitoring and reporting any data incidents
Manage the information flow for LiveGlam, including the integrity, efficiency, and availability of data
WHAT YOU HAVE:
4+ years analyzing and managing data
Effective analytical abilities in examining infrastructures and making improvement recommendations.
Strong project management skills in order to monitor daily operations and progress of the information technology personnel
Experience with Datawarehouse (creation and maintenance)
Experience in creating, configuring, and deploying Tableau Servers and authorization concepts
Experience when it comes to creation, visualization, and publication
Track record of handling large volumes of data from multiple data sources
Dashboard and document designing experience
Strong DW-BI Skills
Established knowledge of database modeling principles, SQL, Security Master, and Google sheets
Expert in query optimization.
Strong communication skills
Knowledge of woo-commerce would be an added bonus
WHO OVERSEES YOU:

The Data Governance Analyst will report directly to the Development Jr Manager

WHO YOU OVERSEE:

Currently, the Data Governance Analyst does not oversee anyone

WHERE IT ALL GOES DOWN:

The Data Governance Analyst is a consultant position and will work remotely from a home office space

WHEN THE MAGIC HAPPENS:

This is a 1099 Consultant role that will be around 10-20 hours a week

HOW MUCH:

$20-$30 per hour based on experience

AN IMPORTANT NOTE BEFORE APPLYING TO US:

All of the new hires at LiveGlam will begin at the associate level, regardless of what position was applied for. Our organization looks to hire the BEST of the best and we focus on finding candidates who are a strong cultural fit. We have a 3 month 'Discovery Period' in place that allows us to get to know each new hire better and assess their skill set. If you are applying for a management-level position, you will be part of a different Discovery Period for each step of the ladder.

*** Disclaimer***

This information is not for use by any unauthorized person/ site and is only to be posted by LiveGlam affiliates.
