The University of Southern California (USC) has established a Workday Financials deployment program covering our academic enterprise as well as our hospitals. This program is critical to USC’s overall goals to improve administrative efficiency. Workday Financials will be paired with the existing Workday HR and Payroll solutions implemented in 2013.

We are currently seeking two Workday Technical Analysts – Data Conversions (Programmer Analyst III) to join our Workday Financials deployment program team. The Technical Analysts will be responsible for converting the data from legacy Financial applications to Workday. They will need to use their technical aptitude to convert and map data sources into data conversion templates to be loaded into Workday. The successful candidates will need to perform data extract, data cleansing, mapping of data, transformations of data as well as loading data to Workday though ETL scripts. In addition, they will need to lead the validation of data loaded into Workday. Regularly engage and support the business through all phases of the project, ensuring a smooth transfer of data from legacy systems to the Workday Financials solution. Finally, the Technical Analysts will need to perform multiple tasks under limited direction, while regularly keeping the client, the project team abreast of changes or progress related to the project

The ideal candidate must possess 3 years of experience with Workday or any ERP data conversion. Experience with data conversions, data mining and data loading are required as is experience with some ETL tools. Experience with Workday ERP and Workday Financials deployment are strongly preferred.

ITS is committed to providing information technology services and support to the university. ITS provides essential, university-wide services such as:
Enterprise information systems
University wired and wireless networks
Educational Technology
Research Computing
IT Security
There are two vacancies for this role.

These are a fixed-term position with an anticipated end date of December 31, 2021. Please note that these are full-time role eligible for benefits, including medical, dental, and vision plans.

What You’ll Do:
Responsible for converting the data from legacy Financial applications to Workday
Perform data extract, data cleansing, mapping of data, transformations of data as well as loading data to Workday though ETL scripts
Lead the data validation exercise of data loaded into Workday by regularly engaging and supporting the business through all phases of the project, ensuring a smooth transfer of data from legacy systems to the Workday Financials solution
Track issues and risks communicate status and escalate concerns to project management
Design, code, test, debug, install, documents and maintain moderately complex software applications.
Interact with users to determine their software application objectives, scope and requirements.
Produce the required analysis and application design, either individually or by actively participating in development process. Produce design specification documents
Translate design specifications into programming languages
Develop test data and routines required to test and revise application(s).Ensures application(s) is thoroughly tested before release. Write reports of test results.
Detect, define and debug programs whenever problems are reported or encountered
Perform other duties as assigned or requested. The university reserves the right to add or change duties at any time
The Must Haves:
Bachelor’s degree in business administration, organization development, communication or related discipline
3 years of experience with data conversions, data mining and data loading
Experience with Workday or any ERP data conversion
Experience with some ETL tools
Sound knowledge of programming and documentation procedures, programming methods, program flow charts and operator instructions
Exceptional written and verbal communication capabilities; able to communicate effectively with diverse people and individuals at various levels within the organization
Willingness to take charge and the ability to simplify a complex problem
Ability to manage multiple initiatives at a time and operate in a group or confidence to lead that group through a challenge and to a solution
Superior detail orientation, organization, and analytical skills
Ability to operate effectively in a dynamic environment with minimal supervision
The Nice to Haves:
Bachelor’s Degree in Management Information Systems, Industrial Engineering, Computer Science or other engineering discipline
3-5 years or Workday or any ERP data conversion experience
Experience with Workday Financials deployment
Experience within the Higher Education and/or Health Care industry
Benefits:

USC benefits include a choice of retirement programs, 12 paid vacation days per year, 12 paid sick days per year, university holidays, a choice of medical and dental plans, and discounts to football games, basketball games, and other campus events.

Minimum Education: Bachelor's degree, Combined work experience and education as equivalent

Minimum Experience: 3 years, Combined education/experience as substitute for minimum experience

Minimum Field of Expertise: Sound knowledge of programming and documentation procedures, programming methods, program flow charts and operator instructions. Knowledge of one or more appropriate computer languages. Competent to work independently on complex programming activities.

USC is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law or USC policy. USC will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring ordinance. We provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact USC Human Resources by phone at (213) 821-8100, or by email at uschr@usc.edu. Inquiries will be treated as confidential to the extent permitted by law.

Read USC’s Clery Act Annual Security Report

Required Legal Notices

Certain positions are subject to background screening

If you are a current USC employee, please apply to this USC job posting in Workday by copying and pasting this link into your browser:

https://wd5.myworkday.com/usc/d/inst/1$9925/9925$33454.htmld
