Your skills will shape our future
High quality data is critical to success in the investment industry. Joining a new function that centralizes data management expertise from across the firm, you will have the opportunity to work alongside other data specialists. Western Asset is in the process of building out a new data hub to be a central place for technology applications to consume data and to enable self-service data analysis. Governing the data going into the data hub is a critical component of the success of this strategic initiative. Play a key role in business and technology stakeholder change management, alignment with business demand, data use cases and requirements gathering and translating those requirements to technology solutions.
As a Data Governance Analyst, you will help streamline processes, develop a business centric view of data management: use case requirements for data, data quality management, business data glossary management leveraging tools and technology to develop a new firm wide access point for key business terms. You will gather and analyze large data sets working with business stakeholders to define data quality rules and measures. You’ll contribute ideas and explore new technology while gaining excellent insights into our business that form a strong foundation for future success of Investment Operations.
What you will do
Work directly with business data owners to define and draft business rules and data quality controls for critical data elements through data profiling
Partner to execute training and communication supporting the Data Governance program
Track performance management / metrics and linking and communicating data related effort/work (data prep, data quality) metrics to business value/outcomes KPIs (compliance, risk, efficiency, cost, revenue)
Implement Tableau data quality dashboards to provide status updates
Continuously improve and automate data management workflows
Recommend deployment of tools to monitor and control data quality to business data owners and determine the level of business impact for data quality issues
Facilitate and arbitrate data issue resolution and conflicts across business stakeholders (e.g., definitions, data requirements, quality standards)
Design and recommend data quality issue remediation and escalation processes
Explore innovative tools and technology, evaluate new systems and keep up to speed with industry
Provide data management and governance guidance and best practices in new, changing and complex technology environments: cloud and on premise
Help set / inform standards and compliance for Data Security and Privacy
Join a team of enterprise data professionals
This is a fast-paced, high-pressure team environment where the pace of change is rapid. We need people who are flexible, curious, innovative and adaptable. Open to new ideas and new ways of working, you’ll combine excellent powers of analysis with good people skills. While professional qualifications or experience in finance are welcome, we are equally interested in the new thinking that data specialists from outside the industry can bring. It’s all part of our collaborative approach to moving business forward.
What you will bring
Bachelor’s degree in relevant field; Mathematics, Science or Engineering
Previous Asset/Wealth Management business experience preferred
Ability or previous experience working in Agile environments
Experience using data in diverse ways to effectively optimize business processes
Possess knowledge and understanding of data governance concepts and frameworks
Previous experience with cloud platforms and cloud service providers (e.g., AWS) and cloud solutions/services
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for multiple levels of management
Ability to develop positive and collaborative relationships with business partners and effectively communicate with both business and technology data stakeholders
Excellent organizational skills and a keen attention to detail
Knowledge of specific data attributes of fixed income and derivative instruments preferred
Awareness of the security, privacy and quality requirements for critical data entities
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and SQL
Tableau, Smart sheets, Alteryx, Python experience preferred
Strong analytical and problem-solving
About Western Asset
At Western Asset we’re saying hello to the future. Committed to being the leading fixed-income investment management firm in the world, we’re investing in new technologies, methodologies and markets. We’re also investing in our people. Our business is guided by a belief in doing the right thing: that if we treat our clients and colleagues with fairness and respect, success will follow. We’re building on our reputation and resources with an entrepreneurial approach that drives innovation. Every day is an opportunity for us to get better by making the most of the possibilities that our people and ideas can bring.
