Req ID: 35181
Experience Level: Professional

Come grow with us

At Capital Group, how we work is defined by shared values that include absolute integrity, respect and collaboration. But its more than that. Its smart and highly driven people united in purpose to serve our investors and one another.

Bring your energy and unique perspective to Capital and youll have the opportunity to grow with us professionally, personally, and financially. Youll be part of a team that genuinely cares about helping you succeed. Youll work alongside talented colleagues, many of whom build long careers while progressing through multiple roles, establishing lifelong friendships and making a difference in our communities. In return for your contributions, youll receive premier compensation and benefits, and a company-funded retirement plan that ranks among the most generous.

COVID-19 Hiring: We recognize how challenging it is to start a new role with a new company during this uncertain time. Our HR team and hiring managers are here to support you every step of the way. During the pandemic, weve transitioned to a work-from-home environment until further notice. All of our recruiting and onboarding activities are virtual. We encourage you to discuss Capital Groups response to COVID-19 throughout your recruiting process.

As a Market Data Analyst, youll play a key role in liaising between Capital Group business units and external vendors to obtain the most cost-effective solutions to meet our business needs. Youll manage ongoing vendor relationships, participate and/or help lead negotiations for services. Youll participate in robust product analysis, provide recommendations and solutions, conduct cost benefit analysis, and help with implementation, application support, and training. Youll partner with groups like finance, legal and compliance for budget management, compliance reviews, and data security oversight. Youll be part of a highly specialized team doing impactful work to support our investment professionals and research associates in their process. Youre up for a challenge. Our environment is fast-paced, and no two days are the same.

Qualifications:
You have a bachelors degree in finance, economics, business or relevant field of study and 3 years of experience in financial services.
You have working knowledge in various financial and market data tools such as Bloomberg, FactSet, Morningstar, MSCI, Refinitiv, and S&P.
You have experience in vendor negotiations, billing practices and fee models.
Youve always considered yourself intellectually curious and analytical. You like digging into the numbers, coming up with solutions, and have a keen eye for identifying trends.
You understand the importance of building trusting relationships with groups within and outside of the organization.
You thrive in team settings. You ask great questions, bounce ideas off others, and proactively share your perspective.
Company Overview:
Founded in 1931, Capital Group is one of the worlds largest and most trusted investment management companies and home to the American Funds. We manage more than US$1.7 trillion in assets, and our 7,500 associates make our clients their first priority every day. When we do our job right, millions of investors around the world fulfill their dreams and financial goals, from home ownership and higher education, to a comfortable retirement. Our long-term investment results and outstanding service set us apart from our competitors, while our workplace sets us apart from other employers.

We are an equal opportunity employer, which means we comply with all federal, state and local laws that prohibit discrimination when making all decisions about employment. As equal opportunity employers, our policies prohibit unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, sex (including gender and gender identity), pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, AIDS/HIV status, political activities or affiliations, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, assault or stalking or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.

#GD-IG
