Are you passionate about helping people? Do you want to make a difference in people's lives?


We embrace a culture of passion and dedication at Cedars-Sinai, and it’s part of the reason we’ve been named one of the top ten hospitals in America’s Best Hospitals by U.S. News & World Report. Now we invite you to join us. From working with a team of exceptional healthcare professionals to using state-of-the-art facilities, you’ll have everything you need to do something incredible—for yourself, and for others.

Do you work well in a large team environment where critical thinking is essential?

Summary of Essential Duties:

Demonstrate a high level of business acumen and Collaboration skills across multiple teams to understand business needs, analyze complex data, and clearly communicate recommendations. Develop requirements for data-related projects and work with the data team to see projects from start to finish.

Develop highly compelling visualizations and detailed elements for dashboards, KPIs, reports and other deliverables in SQL, Tableau, Crystal Reports, OTBI, BI Publisher, OBIEE and set the trend in the reporting not following status quo.

Discusses business reporting requirements with stakeholders. Conduct in-depth interviews with subject matter experts to fully understand the requirements and document business needs and convert them to technical specifications.
Provides data related technical support for business analyses by mining extracting and utilizing appropriate data from the data warehouse and various internal source systems through repositories and data marts/cubes on a regular and ad-hoc basis that assist in but is not limited to identifying and supporting quality improvement projects and initiatives, identifying and measuring outcomes to drive organizational efficiencies.
Track issues with reports, including defects in object logic, schema logic, data quality problems and process errors. Understand complete reporting lifecycle to diagnose problems and escalate issues or barriers to success timely and appropriately
Formats data extracted from data warehouse into user friendly presentations complete with definitions and explanations of collection methods.

Provide accurate work estimates and ensures optimal performance and follows best practice.
Enables and mentors the Core HR (HRIS) team to promote and make data-driven decisions, backed by investigation and collaboration through data. Also, mentors jr analysts on development of reports, dashboards, KIP’s etc.
Providing day-to-day Core HR (HRIS) functional/technical support to end-users, including data systems integrity, troubleshooting, and analyzing errors in reports.
Incumbent will be assisting with HCM future state reporting needs/analysis/testing.

Experience:
5+ Years Advanced knowledge/experience with Microsoft office, Statistical Software Programs and related reporting tools - Business Objects, OBIEE, BI Reporting, Crystal Reports, Tableau Tools.

6+ Years Advanced knowledge/experience with DB/SQL (all facets of the SQL Server Services group: Database Services, reporting services (SSRS), Integration Services (SSIS) and Analysis Services (SSAS)), SQL Developer, and relational databases and query/report writing. ETL, SFTP and Oracle SQL experience required.

5+ Years Experience with Lawson HR/Payroll, PeopleSoft and/or Cloud Technologies (i.e., Oracle HCM Cloud, Workday, SAP etc.) and have worked in the Healthcare and Human Resources arena.
5+ Years familiarity with functional HR systems processes, Data Warehousing and Data architecture experience. Demonstrate advanced understanding of the data warehouse discipline, including data lakes, data mapping, data mining, data dependencies, structured and unstructured data, SQL, and ETL. X

Educational Requirements:

Bachelor's in Computer Science or equivalent; with some course work in database management.

#Jobs-HERC
