Job Description
STAND 8 is a strategic services and staffing company that partners great talent with amazing opportunities in technology solutions for all industries. We work with top tier client-partners across the United States and have offices in LA, Atlanta, New York, and Morro Bay. This position offers full time benefits and longevity for talented associates who can work on a W2 without sponsorship.

We have a direct relationship with the hiring manager on this critical project and are setting up interviews next week for someone who can hit the ground running using innovative solutions. This position is for a Data Systems Analyst permanent position in Downtown Los Angeles, CA. Be prepared to make an immediate impact, join a collaborative, fast-paced, cross-functional team, and gain exposure to strategic decision-makers!

Overview:

The Data Systems Analyst is responsible for the configuration and maintenance of applications. This position works closely with the Operations Manager and IT Director, and has regular interaction with members of the Applications, Engineering, Help Desk, and Training groups as it relates to application deployment, stability, innovation, and maintenance. The Data Systems Analyst provides escalated support to team members, Help Desk, and end users.

Duties:
Troubleshoot application errors, isolate problems, and determine possible solutions in a timely manner.
Develop and implement resolutions to application errors and issues.
Continuously evaluate use of technology and internal processes, and evaluate for possible improvements.
Manage and perform testing for applications – initial, ongoing, and upgrade related.
Manage application product lifecycle and plan for changes.
Provide escalation support to the Help Desk.
Provide after-hours second level support to the Help Desk and/or users as part of engineering escalation rotation.
Provide support for other Data Systems Analysts for projects and tasks completion.
Provision and decommission Active Directory and/or Exchange accounts and groups.
Manage and maintain Active Directory environment.
Deploy and integrate new applications and systems to both local and remote systems.
Address Microsoft Windows updates and other security vulnerabilities, and adhere to a strict patching schedule.
Develop and maintain documentation related to responsibilities.
Manage and perform quality control testing practices and procedures for applications to provide and maintain a reliable working environment.
Develop, maintain, and manage relationships with vendors and consultants related to technologies.
Lead the evaluation and decision-making process for technologies.
Own and lead projects with little supervision.
Mentor and support the development of teammates.
Assist with creation of training materials for applications.
Qualifications:
Microsoft Office 365, SQL DBA, and an understanding of Citrix.
Windows 10 desktop operating systems.
All Microsoft Office 365 technologies including SharePoint Online, Exchange Online, OneDrive, Dynamics, Planner, and Intune.
Azure and Azure AD technologies.
Citrix and other remote technologies.
Microsoft Exchange 2016 and above.
Microsoft SQL Server 2014 and above (Clustering and DBA experience a plus).
Windows server operating system (Windows Server 2012 and above).
Microsoft Office Suite (Office Suite 2016 and above).
iManage Worksite (Versions 9.x, 10.x, and Cloud).
Litigation Support Applications (Concordance, CaseMap, Relativity, CaseNotebook, Trial Director).
Cloud collaboration technologies (Box, Microsoft, Google, RingCentral).
Accounting applications (Elite 3E).
Application packaging and deployment systems (SCCM Current Branch, Admin Studio, MSI Packager).
Metadata management software (Metadact-e, Workshare).
RingCentral Communication Systems.
Microsoft IIS Server.
High school diploma or GED.
6+ years of related technical experience with large (>300 users) networks.
