Job Description
Loot Crate was founded in 2012 around a simple idea: put the awesomeness of Comic-Con in a box. Today, we ship some of the coolest geek, gaming, and pop-culture collectibles and accessories. We’re always on the lookout for fun, hard-working new people to join our team and make Loot Crate even better.

The Business Intelligence Data Analyst will be an integral part of the Loot Crate team and will be responsible for analyzing and synthesizing data across all functions of the company. This role will develop meaningful KPI reporting dashboards to support business unit decision-making and performance tracking and will also be asked to work on various ad-hoc analysis projects, develop conclusions supported by data and research, and present these findings to Loot Crate's executive team.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Detailed analytics & reporting to support executive decisions and workflows Including gathering business requirements, implementing logical design and data modeling with a sense of timeliness and follow through
Development and maintenance of metrics, data sets, reports, dashboards, to inform decision making and drive continual improvements. Reconcile data inconsistencies and ensure data integrity
Work with team members from various departments to provide department-level advanced data analysis and reporting
Work with web development team to ensure seamless new tool integrations and ensure continued data integrity
Provide strategic recommendations for streamlining current reporting workflow
Provide user training and support for Loot Crate's business intelligence software
REQUIREMENTS:
2-5+ years of relevant experience
Extensive experience in SQL and data mining techniques in other programming tools(Python) for analyzing large data sets
Experience in data visualization platforms (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, Looker)
Advanced proficiency with Microsoft Excel
Strong passion for data, curiosity to learn new tools and techniques, action-oriented, multi-tasking individual.
Detail oriented with strong communication and presentation skills. Ability to work effectively and cohesively with people from multiple departments.
Degree in ComputerScience, Statistics, Data Science, Business or other quantitative field is preferred
Powered by JazzHR

uRGW0bhYU6
