Ref ID: 00320-9502595975Classification: Data Reporting Analyst

Compensation: $30.00 to $35.00 hourly
Data * SQL * Excel * SSRS * Data Reporting Analyst *
Robert Half Technology is looking for a Data Reporting Analyst to work for their client in Downtown LA that is in the non-profit industry. The Data Reporting Analyst candidate should have at least 1 year of experience in SSRS and 2 years of experience in SQL. The Data Reporting Analyst will be responsible for creating reports in SSRS, running SQL queries, and working with cross-functional teams to review Data Analysis reports. This is a great opportunity for a Data Reporting Analyst to become more advance in SSRS and learn new data Analyst tools.

If you are interested in this opportunity, please email Vice President - Division Director Jimmy Escobar at Jimmy.Escobar@RHT.com or call at (310) 209-6838. https://www.linkedin.com/in/jimmyescobar/

Job Requirements:
Data *Excel - MUST *SQL - MUST *SSRS - highly preferred *Data Reporting Analyst
Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
