ZS is a professional services firm that works side by side with companies to help develop and deliver products that drive customer value and company results. From R&D to portfolio strategy, customer insights, marketing and sales strategy, operations and technology, we leverage our deep industry expertise and leading-edge analytics to create solutions that work in the real world. Our most valuable asset is our people—a fact that’s reflected in our values-driven organization in which new perspectives are integral and new ideas are celebrated. ZSers are passionately committed to helping companies and their customers thrive in industries ranging from healthcare and life sciences, to high-tech, financial services, travel and transportation, and beyond.

ZS is a professional services firm that works side by side with companies to help develop and deliver products that drive customer value and company results. From R&D to portfolio strategy, customer insights, marketing and sales strategy, operations and technology, we leverage our deep industry expertise and leading-edge analytics to create solutions that work in the real world. Our most valuable asset is our people—a fact that’s reflected in our values-driven organization in which new perspectives are integral and new ideas are celebrated. ZSers are passionately committed to helping companies and their customers thrive in industries ranging from healthcare and life sciences, to high-tech, financial services, travel and transportation, and beyond.

ZS's Business Technology group helps companies define and execute their technology strategy by designing, building and operating the business intelligence (BI), cloud, data management, dashboard and analytics capabilities that are at the core of sales and marketing operations.

The Solution Delivery team implements technology based solutions in the areas of business intelligence, analytics, information management, reporting and mobility. In addition, this team configures ZS' proprietary software used to streamline business processes for commercial groups at client organizations. This team takes overall ownership of the delivery of the technical solution leading the design and development phases and collaborating with other teams for business requirements and system testing.

SENIOR BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY ANALYST

Responsibilities:
Partner with solution delivery lead to build comprehensive implementation project plans with well-defined tasks and owners;
Implement design and development phases innovative big data solutions to solve business problems across multiple client engagements;
Leverage information from requirements-gathering phase and utilize past experience to design a flexible and scalable solution;
Coordinate on-shore/off-shore teams;
Collaborate with other team members (involved in the requirements gathering, testing, roll-out and operations phases) to ensure seamless transitions;
Articulate the advantages or disadvantages of various big data technologies across a variety of client use cases.
Qualifications:
A bachelor’s/master’s degree in Computer Science or related field from a top university; MBA is desirable;
4-6 years of professional experience in IT, IT services or consulting work;
1-2 years of experience in the development of open source big data platforms, including: Hadoop, Hive, HBase, Pig, Spark, Sqoop, Flume, Kafka;
Programming experience in SQL, Java, Python, R, Scala;
Experience developing 2-3 end-to-end big data/cloud based solutions across multiple technologies;
Proven ability to lead both on-shore and off-shore teams in the development of big data solutions;
Deep expertise in the principals and architecture of various technologies within the big data stack is required;
Ability to communicate clearly and effectively in interpersonal and written formats;
Familiarity with agile development and DevOps best practices preferred.
Strong leadership, verbal and written communication skills with ability to articulate results and issues to internal and client teams
Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment
Ability to work within a virtual global team environment and contribute to the overall timely delivery of multiple projects
Knowledge of current issues, practices, methodologies, and trends in the Business Intelligence domain
ZS is a global consulting firm; fluency in English is required, additional fluency in at least one European or Asian language is desirable.
Candidates must possess work authorization for their intended country of employment. An on-line application, including a cover letter expressing interest and a full set of transcripts (official or unofficial), is required to be considered.
ZS offers a competitive compensation package with salary and bonus incentives, complete medical/dental/life insurance programs and retirement savings benefits. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
NO AGENCY CALLS, PLEASE.

Connect with ZS on social media:
Like ZS Careers on Facebook
Follow ZS Careers on Twitter and Instagram
Follow ZS on LinkedIn for more job opportunities
Subscribe to the ZS YouTube channel
Explore the Life at ZS blog
ZS has been recognized globally for its expertise in consulting and its flexible work environment. View ZS’s accolades.
