Job Title:
Associate Player Support Data Analyst
Requisition ID:
R001827
Job Description:
Job Title: Associate Player Support Data Analyst

Reporting To: Senior Manager, Workforce Planning

Department: Customer Service

Location: El Segundo, CA

This is a contingent worker position and will be staffed through Volt, a staffing and workforce management company.

Your Platform

Founded in 1979, Activision has continuously disrupted the world of entertainment as a leader in the videogame industry. With a history of delivering iconic game changers -- like Pitfall®, Tony Hawk®, Guitar Hero®, Crash Bandicoot, Skylanders and Call of Duty® -- our obsession is delighting our players around the globe. Focused and committed to innovation, we consistently deliver the most beloved, engaging and successful entertainment.

And while we have world-class franchises, infrastructure and resources, our success comes from a passionate, talented and diverse team of people producing greatness together. So, if youre interested in our biggest priority, its our people.

Were currently driving the next era for our company and community by creating amazing experiences for fans and continuing to make Activision an inclusive place where everyone can thrive.

Join us, make history. To learn more, check us out at www.activision.com, https://blog.activision.com or @Activision on Instagram, Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn.

Your Mission

As a Associate Player Support Data Analyst you will will play a key and active role on a high caliber player support organization. You will support the teams effort in analyzing data and reporting to derive insights and recommendations. In this role, you will be working with and presenting to a wide range of stakeholders, including senior leadership.

Priorities can often change in a fast-paced environment like ours, so this role includes, but is not limited to, the following responsibilities:

Business Insights & Forecasting
Analyze and understand contact volume behaviors and key metrics
Create and manage short term, seasonal and long-term volume forecast for multiple player support channels
Interpret unexpected events and adjusting forecast as needed
Support strategic initiatives, deriving key strategic recommendations built on forecast analysis
Project & Stakeholder Management
Partner with cross functional stakeholders on projects, providing analytical support and insights to better inform decision making
Prepare presentations and reporting to provide analyses and recommendations to stakeholders in an impactful and insightful way
Develop a deep understanding of how player support operates, its strategic priorities and potential opportunities
Player Profile

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelors Degree or relevant work experience
Minimum of 3 years of forecasting multiple contact channels
Intermediate proficiency in Excel is required
Must possess strong analytical skills with the ability to problem solve
Expert in being able to derive the narrative from the data and communicate convincing stories, driving positive change for our players
Must be highly organized and able to deal with a high volume of data
Ability to work proactively and independently as well as with a team in a fast-paced, high growth environment
Our World

Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ: ATVI), is one of the world's largest and most successful interactive entertainment companies and is at the intersection of media, technology and entertainment. We are home to some of the most beloved entertainment franchises including Call of Duty®, World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Diablo®, Candy Crush and Bubble Witch. Our combined entertainment network delights hundreds of millions of monthly active users in 196 countries, making us the largest gaming network on the planet!

Our ability to build immersive and innovate worlds is only enhanced by diverse teams working in an inclusive environment. We aspire to have a culture where everyone can thrive in order to connect and engage the world through epic entertainment. We provide a suite of benefits that promote physical, emotional and financial well-being for Every World - weve got our employees covered!

The videogame industry and therefore our business is fast-paced and will continue to evolve. As such, the duties and responsibilities of this role may be changed as directed by the Company at any time to promote and support our business and relationships with industry partners.

Activision is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, national origin, protected veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable law and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
