The Data Systems Analyst III is responsible for the configuration and maintenance of the Firmrsquos applications. This position works closely with Operations Manager and IT Director, and has regular interaction with members of the Applications, Engineering, Help Desk, and Training groups as it relates to application deployment, stability, innovation, and maintenance. The Data Systems Analyst III provides escalated support to team members, Help Desk, and end users. JOB FUNCTIONS bull Troubleshoot application errors, isolate problems, and determine possible solutions in a timely manner. bull Develop and implement resolutions to application errors and issues. bull Continuously evaluate Firmrsquos use of technology and internal processes, and evaluate for possible improvements. bull Manage and perform testing for Firm applications ndash initial, ongoing, and upgrade related. bull Manage application product lifecycle and plan for changes. bull Provide escalation support to the Help Desk. bull Provide after-hours second level support to the Help Desk andor users as part of engineering escalation rotation. bull Provide support for other Data Systems Analysts for projects and tasks completion. bull Provision and decommission Active Directory andor Exchange accounts and groups. bull Manage and maintain Active Directory environment. bull Deploy and integrate new applications and systems to both local and remote systems. bull Address Microsoft Windows updates and other security vulnerabilities, and adhere to a strict patching schedule. bull Develop and maintain documentation related to responsibilities. bull Manage and perform quality control testing practices and procedures for Firm applications to provide and maintain a reliable working environment. bull Develop, maintain, and manage relationships with vendors and consultants related to Firmrsquos technologies. bull Lead the evaluation and decision-making process for Firm technologies. bull Own and lead Firm-wide projects with little supervision. bull Mentor and support the development of teammates. bull Assist with creation of training materials for Firm applications. bull Perform other duties as assigned. Key Technologies Possess superior understanding, and demonstrate the highest level of expertise with one or more of the following bull Microsoft Windows 10 desktop operating systems. bull All Microsoft Office 365 technologies including SharePoint Online, Exchange Online, OneDrive, Dynamics, Planner, and Intune. bull Azure and Azure AD technologies. bull Citrix and other remote technologies. bull Microsoft Exchange 2016 and above. bull Microsoft SQL Server 2014 and above (Clustering and DBA experience a plus). bull Windows server operating system (Windows Server 2012 and above). bull Microsoft Office Suite (Office Suite 2016 and above). bull iManage Worksite (Versions 9.x, 10.x, and Cloud). bull Litigation Support Applications (Concordance, CaseMap, Relativity, CaseNotebook, Trial Director). bull Cloud collaboration technologies (Box, Microsoft, Google, RingCentral). bull Accounting applications (Elite 3E). bull Application packaging and deployment systems (SCCM Current Branch, Admin Studio, MSI Packager). bull Metadata management software (Metadact-e, Workshare). bull RingCentral Communication Systems. bull Microsoft IIS Server. COMPETENCIES Communicates effectively Developing and delivering multi-mode communications that convey a clear understanding of the unique needs of different audiences. Being resilient Rebounding from setbacks and adversity when facing difficult situations. Collaborates Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives. Instills trust Gaining the confidence and trust of others through honesty, integrity, and authenticity. Customer focus Building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric solutions. Drives results Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances. Situational adaptability Adapting approach and demeanor in real time to match the shifting demands of different situations. Plans and aligns Planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals. Cultivates innovation Creating new and better ways for the organization to be successful. Tech savvy Anticipating and adopting innovations in business-building digital and technology applications. TOOLS bull Computers, phones, and other network based equipment. MINIMUM JOB QUALIFICATIONS bull High school diploma or GED. bull 6+ years of related technical experience with large (300 users) networks. bull Strong project management skills running organization-wide and large scale projects. bull Strong written and verbal communication skills. bull Ability to travel to remote locations with little notice. bull Ability to work under the pressures of a dynamic and fast-paced environment. bull Ability to work extended hours, nights, weekends, and rotating escalation duties. PHYSICAL DEMANDS Writing, typing, reading, speaking, hearing, seeing, sitting, bending, reaching, lifting up to 50 lbs. WORKING CONDITIONS Quiet office environment in a high-rise building, seated the majority of the time. Occasional work in datacenters with high noise and cool temperatures. DIRECT REPORTS None.
