Job Description
POSITION SUMMARY:
As a vital team member of the finance team, the System and Data Analyst will work closely in coordination with the Director of Accounting Systems, in the analyzing contract productivity and in supporting financial reporting needs and processes. The System and Data Analyst will be responsible for reporting units of service data, the development of dash-boards and compiling ad-hoc reports utilizing financial and billing information from source records in both Welligent and the data warehouse. This position is responsible for backing up the director of accounting systems.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES:
The system and data analyst responsibilities require the analysis of when and/or how to use various system tools and resources required to maintain a compliant reporting process in addition to the management of finance related tables; templates and reporting tools essential in the production of operational reports. They include, but not limited to:
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES:
Reporting Structure Requirements
Partnering with clinical and information technology resources, manage the configuration of:
Accounting/payroll/contract related data tables
Risk assessment of productivity revenue; actual, budget and targets
Analyzes and reports on budget vs actual data variances
Develops technical solutions to business processes
Identifies, creates and implements management dashboard reports and tests and analyzes post-implementation.
Communicates with and trains the finance and clinical team on new processes to ensure understanding.
Analyzes impact and testing of all new system functionalities affecting accounting functions. To include, but not limited to analyzing post-implementation results of system changes.
Analyzes all system issues impacting the accounting department and identifies root cause of issue, identifying options for their resolve and implementing solution.
Reviews current processes and recommends areas of productivity and/or potential risk.
Operational Reporting
Develops and maintains operational reports using Welligent data.
Compiles summary data of billings, labor cost, fixed and variable costs, etc., both for current and historical data.
Creates and/or maintains BI reports and procedures in support of accounting functions.
Maintains reporting spec sheets and report library
Analyzes processed data to ensure accuracy
Provide back-up the director of accounting systems.
Reports to work on time and maintains reliable and regular attendance.
Models company’ approach, mission and core values in all communication and correspondence.
Communicates effectively in a culturally competent and diverse consumer population and promotes favorable interaction with managers, co-workers and others.
Performs other duties as assigned.
