As part of the Marketing team you will be a key player in the Analytics and Data Science team. One of your main responsibilities is to run predictive models using machine learning and statistical techniques to drive marketing tactics, such as Paid Search, Paid Social, Owned, Earned, Email, Direct Mail, Affiliate, etc.

We are looking for someone with strong ecommerce experience, someone who is well versed in data modeling (creating lookalike segments, deriving LTV, doing predictive models, customer segmentation, time series models), the person must be very familiar with Paid Media (automated bidding, programmatic bidding), must be fluent with GA360 and dashboarding tools like Tableau/Lookers/Power BI, must have strong knowledge of Data Bases (SQL knowledge)/familiarity with Data Lake (and clustered DBs)/DW/BigQuery, and must be comfortable with Python and R.

Here's what you'll do:
Partner with fellow marketing teams to deliver in depth analyses and reporting
Create visually appealing and strategic dashboards using our Data Warehouse and BI platform
Engage in Data Modeling, Attribution, and Behavior Analysis
Analyze visitor level data to measure the impact of the different marketing channels and devices through the consumer decision journey
Help with all web analytics tracking initiatives using Google Analytics and BigQuery
Prepare PowerPoint decks and present findings to VP of Marketing
Here's what you'll bring to the table:
Masters in Statistics or Applied Mathematics required
5+ years of web analytics experience preferred but not required
Experience using statistical programs (R, SAS, Python, SPSS, etc.) required
Strong presentation skills, with the ability to translate data into business insights
Experience with Data Warehouses, SQL and BI Tools (Tableau, etc.) preferred
Experience with HTML, Javascript and/or PHP a plus
These are all the great extras:
Competitive benefits package including Medical (including 24/7 online access to a physician), Vision, Dental, and 401k with match eligibility.
Subsidized gym membership.
On-site subsidized high end cafe offering farm to table meals and snacks.
Free on-site yoga classes and other wellness-focused activities.
Wonderful Giving (www.wonderfulgiving.com) -- allowing you to donate company money to a cause of your choice.
Free tobacco cessation programs.
Work-Life integration.
All the FIJI Water and Wonderful snacks you may want in the office.
Discounted tickets to various LA attractions.
We are bicycle-friendly, with newly installed bicycle racks available to all LA-based employees.
Say everything and share your "Love Out Loud™" with the gift of Teleflora® flowers--all made by hand and delivered by hand by your local florist. By tapping over 10,000 member florists in North America alone, Teleflora offers the kind of personal touches, artistry and expertise you expect from a trusted neighborhood florist--even if that neighborhood is across the country. No prepackaged flowers in nondescript boxes dropped on your doorstep--Teleflora's network of professional florists creates artistic arrangements personally delivered in a vase, often on the same day. Teleflora makes every day an occasion with a two-in-one gift that includes a multipurpose keepsake container for long-lasting enjoyment. For more, visit: www.teleflora.com, or follow us on Instagram and tag your own #LoveOutLoud moment.

The Wonderful Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer and with opportunities for advancement. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or other protected categories.

Please click here to view our Privacy Notice.

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Protected Veterans/Disabled
