The Job

Warner Bros. Content Technology and Operations seeks a Senior Analyst for our Data Governance team. The Senior Analyst will be responsible for performing complex business systems analysis for enterprise master data applications across Warner Bros., Warner Media, and external data sources. The Analyst will be analyzing heavy data sets across many data sources to contribute to the successful development and implementation of projects involving data creation, clean-up, testing of new data tools and/or functionalities. The role is also responsible for identifying areas for improvement in product metadata enrichment and data cleansing across Warner Bros. (including Theatrical, TV, Home Entertainment, Games, DCE, Consumer Products, etc.), across Warner Media, and across AT&T. Additional areas of responsibility include understanding, identifying and documenting business process and functional requirements. This role will work closely with the Data Governance Operations and Data Engineering teams to connect insights from data analyses to execution of technical system implementations and improvements.

The Daily
Review, organize and analyze large data sets across WB studio systems to provide actionable insights to improve system implementations, data flows and/or operational processes.
Build dashboards and reports to monitor and analyze system data quality and alert the team of issues. Monitor overall delivery of data to supported teams and assist with troubleshooting when needed. Support data quality practices, identify discrepancies, anomalies and flaws in the data, and communicate findings to the team.
Collaborate with project leads for system enhancements. Collaborate to develop the business scenarios for testing. Review and approves Test Plans with a focus on Integration, Regression and User Acceptance testing. Provide feedback to help design and implement process and tool improvements/enhancements.
Audits business processes after implementation to ensure it is operating as designed. Collaborate with data engineering team to performance extensive data validations on iterative data model changes or new data ingestions.
Support documentation of data flows, operational processes, and migration of documentation into team collaboration tools.
The Essentials
Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative and/or technical discipline.
Master’s Degree a plus.
6+ Years of experience in reporting, analytics, and/or business intelligence systems.
Proven track record of analyzing data to improve products, systems and businesses.
Strong know in business intelligence and reporting tools and capabilities, e.g. SAP Suite, Google or Adobe Analytics, Microstrategy, IBM Suite, Oracle Suite, Tableau, Looker, Qlik, Sigma Computing, Microsoft Power BI, etc.
Strong SQL knowledge and ability to write complex queries from relational databases, e.g. MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle DB, MemSQL, AWS RDS, Aurora, Snowflake, etc.
Experience with master data management discipline preferred.
Extremely organized and strong knowledge of project management, team collaboration and documentation software, e.g. Atlassian Jira, Confluence, Trello, Slack, etc.
Strong communication skills and the ability to synthesize complex data sets to clear, actionable insights.
Deep analytical skills who can ask relevant questions at the right time and provide multiple solution approaches to problems and challenges related to architecture, technical and non-technical issues.
Demonstrate initiative to stay abreast of technology advancements.
Ability to apply technology in solving business technical problems.
Experience in leading process change and implementing best practices associated with system implementation, replacement, and major enhancement.
Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to multi-task many projects.
Strong ability to communicate with technical and non-technical audiences.
Strong organization skills, project management skills a plus.
Must be an advocate for quality.
Must be detail-oriented.
Must be comfortable working with a reasonable level of autonomy after instruction.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to facilitate business process discussions with groups of 5-10 people.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be able to work well under time constraints.
Must be able to handle multiple tasks with changing priorities, communicating changes in scope and schedule to all parties concerned.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to maintain confidentiality.
Requisition #
177767BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
