**In order to submit your application you must take an assessment test and upload your resume through HireSelect: https://www.ondemandassessment.com/link/index/JB-9EZI3260T?u=1006516**

Prime MSO is a leading medical facility management organization. We own and operate multiple surgical facilities and multiple clinics throughout the greater Los Angeles, Orange County, and South Bay areas, with a corporate office located in the heart of Downtown Glendale, California.

A Data Analyst will retrieve and gather data, organize it and use it to reach meaningful conclusions.

Principle Duties and Responsibilities
Producing Reports - A significant amount of the data analyst’s time will be spent producing and maintaining both internal and client-facing reports. A Successful data analyst understand how to create narratives with data that would be understood by the next decision-maker.
Spotting Patterns - Effective data analysts are able to use data to tell a story. In order to produce a meaningful report, a data analyst first has to be able to see important patterns in the data. At the base level, data is used to find trends and insights that can be used to make recommendations.

3. Collaborating with Others - The wide variety of data analyst roles and responsibilities means you’ll collaborate across many other departments in the organization including marketers, executives, and salespeople. You’ll also likely collaborate closely with those who work in data science like data database developers. Being able to communicate well is important. Your success is dependent on your ability to work with people—the people you are gathering the research questions from, peers you collaborate with to execute the work and the people you deliver the final presentation to.
Collecting Data and Setting Up Infrastructure - Streamlining this data collection is key for data analysts. They work to develop routines that can be automated and easily modified for reuse in other areas. Data Analysts will keep a handful of specialized software and tools in their arsenal to help them accomplish this:
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft SQL
Tableau
Microsoft Power BI
SAS software
Google Analytics
Google Tag Manager
Google AdWords
5. Data Analytics – At its core, data analytics is about answering questions and making decisions. You will be assigned senecios that may require the following types of analytics and it is your responsibility to tailor your work and solution to fit the scenario.
Descriptive analytics answers, “What happened?”
Diagnostic analytics answers, “Why did something happen?”
Predictive analytics answers, “What is likely to happen?”
Prescriptive analytics answers, “What action should be taken?”
Skill Qualifications
Have moderate to strong math and statistical skills
Have a strong business acumen
Have moderate to strong computer science / coding skills
Good ability to Develop key performance indicators
Good ability to Create visualizations of the data
Good ability to Utilize business intelligence and analytics tools
Good ability to Make predictions based on data trends a plus
Good ability to Write code to assist in data analysis a plus
Good ability to Identify trends with machine learning a plus
Experience
Data related work: 2+ years (Preferred)
Excel Knowledge (Required)
SQL Knowledge (Required)
Education
Bachelor's or equivalent experience (Required)
**In order to submit your application you must take an assessment test and upload your resume through HireSelect: https://www.ondemandassessment.com/link/index/JB-9EZI3260T?u=1006516**

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $38,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Health Insurance
Parental Leave
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Excel: 1 year (Required)
SQL: 1 year (Required)
Data Analysis: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Glendale, CA 91203 (Preferred)
