Overview

At Perficient you ll deliver mission-critical technology and business
solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on
the planet. And you ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our
close partnerships with the world s biggest vendors. Our network of offices
across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you
the opportunity to spread your wings, too.

We re proud to be publicly recognized as a Top Workplace year a
year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and
collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned,
driven, and fulfilled.

About_Our_Life_Sciences_Business_Unit_/_Practice

The Life Sciences Business Unit provides strategic technology and consulting
services to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, as
well as contract research organizations (CROs) and academic institutions
(AROs). Our experience working with more than 200 life sciences companies has
helped us form long-lasting relationships that enable companies to improve
their clinical, safety, and business operations while reducing costs.

Perficient currently has a career opportunity for Senior Technical / Business
Consultant, Safety and Pharmacovigilance Systems.

This is a remote national role requiring less than 25% travel.

Job_Overview

The Senior Technical / Business Consultant, Safety and Pharmacovigilance
Systems will be:
Providing functional, technical and business process consultancy related
to the strategic development and functional use of pharmacovigilance
safety systems by Perficient s clients and prospective clients
Implementing, configuring, and supporting clients with the various safety
applications from Oracle Health Sciences and Perficient s custom
solutions including but no limited to:
Argus Safety suite
Axway B2Bi Gateway
TMS including handling implementations and updates for dictionaries
such as MedDRA and WHODrug
Oracle Safety One Intake
BI Publisher as related to Argus Safety
Assisting in the development and pursuit of safety-related business by
contributing to development of RFPs and client facing bid defences or SOW
discussions. Must have prior client facing experience.
Providing consulting and facilitate client discussions in collaboration
with Director and business development colleagues related to
pharmacovigilance topics such as case processing, aggregate reporting,
signal detection, PV data analysis, regulatory compliance

Responsibilities

The consultant s responsibilities will include, but not be limited to:
Analysis of clients safety technical and system requirements;
understanding client s pharmacovigilance regulatory responsibilities
and translating into technical requirements for Argus Safety Suite of
offerings and Axway B2Bi gateway
Data migrations and data extractions
Automation of processes related to Argus Safety validation and/or other
PV related technologies
Configuration and technical support of safety-related solutions to meet
the identified needs
Ability to conduct Argus Safety and/or other types of technical training
related to pharmacovigilance.
Development and/or execution of programs to support E2B data migration
(PL/SQL)
Experienced in SQL as it relates to Oracle based technology platforms
Development and/or execution of computer software validation packages
with respects to custom developed programs/initiatives; ability to
execute validation testing and documentation; experience in GDP and GXP
Ability to author PQ tests scripts for validation of computer systems per
21CFR
Successful history of client support and longitudinal relationship
development and business expansion through quality deliverables.
Provision of technical expertise in support of Business Development pre-
sales efforts; ability to clearly and concisely communicate with clients,
technical SMEs in other functional areas, strong team work and
collaboration required.
Lead the technical planning & requirements gathering phases including
estimate, develop, test, manage projects, architect and deliver.
Serve as a technical lead and mentor. Provide technical support or
leadership in the development and continual improvement of service.
Develop and maintain effective working relationships with team members.
Demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various
experience level.

Qualifications

Candidates musthave:
Degree at BSc/BA level or equivalent
Minimum 5 years of experience with product safety in a pharmaceutical,
biotech, medical device, or clinical research organization with client
facing responsibilities
Experience using Oracle Argus Safety
Understanding of pharmacovigilance practices and it s translation to
technology and innovative approaches (i.e. RPA and AI)
Proficiency in SQL and/or PL/SQL
Understanding of MedDRA and WHO Dictionaries
Proficiency with E2B standards and XML handling, both R2 and R3
Excellent client interaction and communication skills. Ability to build
trust with client through successful engagements
Open and honest communication with all colleagues; willingness to be
supportive
Ability to multi-task in a highly-organized manner and to prioritize
deliverables
Demonstrable self-managing/self-motivating skills
Clear ability to operate within a team
Willingness to mentor and cross train colleagues and to receive cross
training as necessary
Proven ability to deliver excellence even under tight deadlines
Ability to work successfully within cross functional teams
Ability to solve complex issues
Candidates_Should_Have
Minimum 3 years of technical experience with Oracle s Argus Safety
suite
Completion of Oracle Argus Boot Camp or equivalent
Microsoft Office
Exposure to other programming languages (eg. Java, C++ etc...)
Familiarity with Unix and Windows
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Client facing experience in the pharmacovigilance and/or regulatory
domain as it relates to Oracle Argus, Axway, BI Publisher and other
technologies to support compliance.
Forward thinking and self motivating to enhance skill sets
Willingness to travel
Project management experience
Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We
offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous
work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid
time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number
of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities.
Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great
benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work.

More_About_Perficient

Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global
2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled
information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities,
Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and
value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry
solutions.

Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and
strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce
costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices
across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index
and the S&P SmallCap 600 index.

Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any
other characteristic protected by law.

Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of
job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by
the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion
to add or change the duties of the position at any time.

Options

Apply for this job online Apply

Share

Refer this job to a friend Refer

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh
the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed

Need help finding the right job?

We can recommend jobs specifically for you! Click here to get started.

Select work authorization questions to ask when applicants apply

Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?
Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status
(e.g. H-1B visa status)?

Show moreShow less
