COVID19 Hiring Notice: Dollar Shave Club has transitioned to a temporary work from home model and we are continuing to recruit by interviewing digitally through video. The following role is expected to begin as a "WFH" position while we adjust to the new normal. We recognize that each persons situation is different and we will do our best to accommodate interim and long-term work location arrangements. If we advance in the process and you're selected to interview, be sure to discuss your preferred option with a recruiter. Thank you. ABOUT DSC:We're on a mission to help guys take care of their minds and bodies so they can be their best selves. We started with razors way back in 2011, and now millions and millions of Members later, we've expanded into a variety of products including skincare, hair styling, oral care, colognes, deodorants, and more. We're always growing and reinventing, and we rely on killer talent to help us achieve our goal of owning the bathroom. If you're a team-playing innovator, you'll fit right in. A sense of humour helps, too. ROLE SUMMARY: DSC has a data-driven decision culture and looking for a candidate with strong data curiosity and who can strive in a fast-paced environment and enjoys the challenge of highly complex business contexts and above all, passionate about data and analytics.As a Sr. Data Analyst, you will partner with the digital product team to evaluate the impact, effectiveness and ROI on the key digital initiatives, A/B or multivariate tests.You will provide analysis and insights on strategic initiatives across member journeys to improve LTV, product adoption, AOV, Retention etc. using SQL queries, Tableau dashboards, Python, as well as automating reporting and managing alerts on KPI thresholds.A successful candidate understands and can work across multiple analytics tools including web analytics platforms like Google Analytics and comfortable working with big data sets and multiple data sources. The candidate should have an internal drive to answer "why?" questions. The candidate will be self-starter, comfortable with ambiguity and ability to communicate up and down the chain.RESPONSIBILITIES: + Partner with the digital product team to evaluate the impact and ROI on the key initiatives, A/B tests or multivariate tests + Provide data structure requirements to Data Engineering and build data sets for exploration to enable deep data exploration to uncover "Why?" and "What?" + Leverage Python and other tools to run complex data analysis, statistical stat sig for A/B tests, regression models etc. + Build automated data extracts for Tableau automation that supports dashboards and self-service + Translate the results of an analysis into easily understood insights and recommendations to share with the business teams and executives QUALIFICATIONS: + Bachelor's Degree in Math, Economics, Engineering or Statistics + Minimum 4 years of work experience in a similar role + SQL proficiency and good ability with Tableau and Python required + Highly collaborative working approach + Clear & concise communicator ------------Dollar Shave Club is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identification, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.Reasonable Accommodation: Dollar Shave Club provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request in order to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accommodations@dollarshaveclub.comPlease state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Dollar Shave Club will be reviewed at the e-mail address supplied.Dollar Shave Club will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance.Thank you for considering a career with Dollar Shave Club#LI-MA1
