Senior Data Management Analyst


El Segundo

Position Overview

The Senior Data Management Analyst serves as a senior individual contributor and is responsible for accurate, timely and complete set up of security attributes, issuer attributes and other data sets that support the investment and compliance processes within Apollo Insurance Solutions Group (“ISG”). The Analyst provides support for the SOC-1 (SSAE18) and SOX audit activities. This position represents the Data Management team in cross functional conversations relating to daily and/or monthly data analysis tasks.

Primary Responsibilities

Responsible for accurate setup of SMF security information in ePAM for Investments and ISG trading systems.
Responsible for maintenance of SMF security information in ePAM for Investments.
Maintains proprietary SMF “golden source” database and exception processing rules.
Maintains issuer lists for compliance testing and ensures accuracy.
Performs as subject expert in assigned business areas and represents those areas on all projects affecting changes in the team.
Troubleshoots data submission errors and data error issues.
Performs oversight of ISG’s outsource provider.
Develops ad-hoc reports as necessary.
Performs and documents procedures for data preparation including data cleaning, standardization and analysis.
Escalates issues in a timely manner to the Management Team.
Ensures completion of daily processes.
Participates in the development and implementation of strategic technology initiatives within Investment Operations.
Perform special projects as needed.
Understands the markets and the changing landscape of regulations and/or significant market events that impact the portfolio and reconciliation processes.
Assists with ad hoc requests and provides coverage for functional responsibilities, as needed.
Works closely with other areas within Investment Operations.

Qualifications & Experience

Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Business Administration or Economics.
5+ years of experience in a Data Management role supporting a fixed income asset manager.
Experience with Fixed Income, Structured Products and Alternative Investments.
Experience using State Street’s ePAM for Investments.
Experience using common industry solutions such as BlackRock Aladdin, ThinkFolio, Bloomberg or equivalent.
Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered in a manner consistent with applicable law.
