THIS IS A PUBLIC NOTICE: Please review further information below regarding how this posting will be used.

As a contracting professional, you will be responsible for the procurement of highly specialized equipment,
components and systems for high-rise buildings and their operating systems, the construction of specialized
equipment or special purpose buildings, information technology equipment and systems, professional or technical
services, and/or a variety of supplies.

Note: If you are using foreign education to meet qualification requirements, you must send a Certificate of Foreign Equivalency with your transcript in order to receive credit for that education. For further information, visit: https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ous/international/usnei/us/edlite-visitus-forrecog.html

This Notice is issued under direct-hire authority to recruit new talent to occupations for which there is a severe shortage of candidates. We have a severe shortage of qualified applicants for our Contract Specialist positions. To help us fill these jobs, we have been granted “Direct Hire Authority” or DHA. This means that when we have a vacant job, we can hire any qualified candidate, either from this notice or from any source. The benefit of applying to this notice is that your application may be shared with a hiring manager if they request resumes from this notice.

A few key facts about this DHA notice:
Many vacancies may be filled at the GS-11 through GS-15 levels
Jobs have varying opportunities for advancement (promotion potential)
Supervisory and non-supervisory opportunities will vary
Jobs may be located in any of the metropolitan areas listed.
Availability of positions and grade levels vary by location. Promotion potential varies by position.
Current civil service employees will receive new appointments if selected under this Direct Hire Authority.
Current GSA employees on competitive service appointments will not be considered.
Each metropolitan area will independently review applications and decide who to interview. For questions about
the selection process, contact the following:
Greater Southeast Region - AL, FL, GA, KY, MS, NC, SC, TN: 404-331-3186
New England Region - CT, ME, MA, NH, RI, VT: HRBoston@gsa.gov
Great Lakes Region - IL, IN, OH, MI, MN, WI: 312-353-5547
Rocky Mountain Region - CO, MT, ND, SD, UT, WY: vacancy.inquiries@gsa.gov
Greater Southwest Region - AR, LA, NM, OK, TX: vacancy.inquiries@gsa.gov
Heartland Region -IA, KS, MO, NE: 816-926-8395
Northeast & Caribbean Region - NJ, NY, VI, PR: 212-264-5557
Mid-Atlantic Region - DE, MD, PA, VA, WV: 215-446-4973
Pacific Rim Region - AZ, CA, NV, HI: vacancy.inquiries@gsa.gov
Northwest Arctic Region - AK, ID, OR, WA: vacancy.inquiries@gsa.gov or 253-931-7742
Washington, DC (Central Office/National Capital Region):
Public Buildings Service: 202-357-9662
Federal Acquisition Service: 202-208-0756
Staff offices: 202-215-0373
Office of Technology Transformation Service: 202-969-4069
If you have general questions about this job posting, or are having difficulty applying, contact us at 816-823-2006,
or nrc@gsa.gov.

For information on DHA, please visit https://www.opm.gov/directhire/index.asp.

Duties:
As a contracting professional, you will be responsible for the procurement of highly specialized equipment,
components and systems for high-rise buildings and their operating systems, the construction of specialized
equipment or special purpose buildings, information technology equipment and systems, professional or technical
services, and/or a variety of supplies.

Your duties at the GS-11 and GS-12 may also include:
Pre/post-award and termination activities, such as: analyzing requirements, recommending revisions to statements of work/specifications, determining the appropriate type of contract, establishing milestones, procurement planning, conducting post-award and contractual terminations, initiating briefings with contractors to ensure full understanding of terms, handling modifications, resolution of issues related to non-compliance, and the termination process.
Developing, implementing and analyzing data requirements for planning and measurement systems
Analyzing performance of procurement activities against various procurement indicators and goals
Analyzing data to determine trends
Assistance in tracking/monitoring contract actions to ensure compliance with GSA policy, administrative procedures, regulations, and statutes
Your duties at the GS-13, GS-14 and GS-15 may also include:
Pre/Post Award contracting functions that help clients achieve results and meet their mission.
Identifying procurement objectives and methodologies; developing statements of work; performing analyses of elements of cost; making competitive range determinations; conducting pre-proposal conferences; planning comprehensive negotiation strategy; coordinating with technical experts, leading negotiations and awarding contracts
Developing, coordinating, and revising a wide variety of Government-wide procurement policies, reviewing proposed changes to existing regulations and determining whether they should be addressed
Providing principal policy advice, analyzing comments and proposed legislative changes
Developing and presenting presentations and defending complex and often controversial positions which are subject to considerable Congressional scrutiny and preparing expert response to Congressional correspondence
Identifying and analyzing acquisition process problems, trends, and emerging needs. Formulating and justifying new statutory initiatives to address unique problems, to meet newly emerging acquisition needs, and to resolve critical procurement process problems
For each job on your resume, provide:
the exact dates you held each job (from month/year to month/year)
number of hours per week you worked (if part time).
If you have volunteered your service through a National Service program (e.g., Peace Corps, Americorps), we encourage you to apply and include this experience on your resume.

For a brief video on creating a Federal resume, click here.

Starting Pay for all locations will be dependent upon the associated GS-Locality Pay Table for that area.

1102 Qualifications GS-12 & below:

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field; or at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and
management.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic requirement stated above, you must have one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to work at the next lower grade level of the position to be filled.

GS-11: Specialized experience is experience that provided knowledge of formal advertising and negotiated procurement procedures sufficient to develop solicitations, evaluate offers, negotiate prices and terms and recommend award of contracts for a range of standard or specialized supplies or services; or knowledge of contracting principles and procedures sufficient to administer contracts for a range of standard or specialized supplies or services.

GS-12: Specialized experience is progressively responsible experience that provided knowledge of contracting procedures, methods, a variety of contract types and use of special provisions and incentives to plan and carry out pre-award and/or post-award contract assignments for the acquisition of products, professional or non-professional services, or construction; or experience which required a sufficient knowledge of contract regulations, policies, and procedures and an organization's technical and program requirements in order to participate in planning, improving, or carrying out the organization's procurement program.

SUBSTITUTION OF EDUCATION FOR SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: If you do not have the specialized experience described above, you may qualify if you have graduate education as noted below if it is in one or a combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management.

GS-11 level: a Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree; OR three full years of progressively higher level related graduate level education leading to such a degree; OR a LL.M.

1102 Qualifications GS-13 & above:

You must meet the requirements in 1, 2, or 3 below:
All of the following: (a) Completion of Training listed in Level I & II of FAC-C Course Requirements; or FAC-C Level II or III, or a DAWIA level II or III certification. If your certification is over 2 years old, 80 hours of Continuous Learning Points are required to maintain certification. (b) At least 4 years of experience in contracting or related positions including 1 year of specialized experience at or equivalent to work at the level described below; and (c) Completion of a 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree that included or was supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods, or organization and management.
Exception: If you were in a GS-1102 position on January 1, 2000, you will be exempt from meeting the educational requirements for the grade level of that position. However, to be promoted you will have to meet Option 1 or 3.
Waiver: GSA's senior procurement executive has the discretion to waive any or all of the requirements in 1 above.
SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: In addition to the basic requirement stated above, you must have one year of specialized experience at or equivalent to work at the next lower grade level of the position to be filled.

GS-13: Experience in performing the full range of pre-award and/or post-award activities utilizing various types of contracts such as fixed price, various cost types, requirements, performance based and multiple award schedules, and evidence of professional potential, business acumen, and drive for results, relationship building, and self motivation in order to procure a variety of complex or specialized products and/or services; OR experience requiring sufficient knowledge of contracting regulations, policies, and procedures and an organization's program and technical requirements in order to conduct reviews of contracts or contracting actions, recommend or plan improvements to an organization's procurement program.

GS-14: Experience in evaluating or implementing contracting programs; OR leading or supervising contracting professionals providing contracting services for the acquisition of a wide range of supplies, services (professional and non-professional), and/or construction; OR contracting experience that demonstrated the ability to perform the full range of highly complex pre-award and post-award activities utilizing a variety of types of contracts and evidence of professional potential, business acumen, drive for results, relationship building, and self-motivation in order to procure supplies, services, or construction associated with an organization.

GS-15: Experience that includes planning and evaluating programs and operations; overseeing the organization's technical and managerial activities relating to the contracting function; or ensuring that agency regulation and guidance implement statutory requirements and sound policies across the entire spectrum of procurement; overseeing the development, implementation, and communication of policies that directly affect the terms and conditions in contracts, and providing the competencies necessary to perform the full range of highly complex pre-award and post award activities utilizing a variety of types of contracts and evidence of professional potential, business acumen, drive for results, relationship building, and self-motivation in order to procure supplies, services, or construction associated with an organization.
