Job Description
Network Rail Consulting, Inc. is hiring!

Network Rail Consulting, Inc. is an international rail consultancy offering unrivalled expertise in railway infrastructure.

This is an exciting unique opportunity to join an established and rapidly growing global rail consultancy business. NRC offers a competitive salary package, health insurance premiums paid by the organization, performance related pay, generous leave entitlement, access to further training and embraces flexible working.

We are hiring for the following position:

Business Analyst – Asset Data Management

Working as part of a systems integration project team tasked with implementing an Enterprise Asset Management System, you will work closely with the Business and Solution Architects within the project to align technical solutions with business needs.

Key Accountabilities:
Assist the PM in the completion of EAM Information Architecture for this project;
Develop functional design documents;
Complete tasks within the project and develop solutions to a timeline within budget; and
Collaborate with the PM to ensure the needs of the client have been met.
Essential Job Skills:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Business Administration, Information Technology, or a related field.
Minimum of 5 years transit experience with a least 5 years in EAM tools.
Demonstrates high level of oral and written communication skills.
Self-starter needing minimum supervision and demonstrated ability to take initiative.
High proficiency in Microsoft Business Suite (specifically Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) or related software program.
Sound understanding of asset management and experience with asset management information systems.
Experienced in developing, implementing and managing systems and processes resulting in the safe, effective and efficient infrastructure operation.
Significant experience and knowledge of transit assets and approaches to Asset Management and Maintenance, with deep knowledge in at least one asset class.
Experience in the design and construction of railway renewals and enhancement projects nationally and/or internationally.
Possess broad functional knowledge of EAM software and have experience in developing functional requirements for complex EAM systems.
Maintains current understanding of industry standards, trends, and best practices through industry and other professional networks.
Interested candidates should apply using the following link:

https://isw.changeworknow.co.uk/network_rail_consulting/vms/e/careers/positions/dVlm74PJ9eVyFrN0YhG9Oh
