The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks an Analyst, Financial Master Data for the Enterprise Technology- Finance & Planning department. The Analyst, Financial Master Data position for the Finance & Planning Solutions group will be responsible for reviewing and evaluating SAP Master Data that has been created in the development, test and production environments. This position will aid with the successful development and implementation of projects involving, master data clean-up; creation and testing of new master data tools, and the possible implementation of end-user transactions for self-service master data creation. This position may require hands on master data creation and interaction with other SAP teams to insure adherence to policies, procedures and software industry best practices.

The Daily
Run reports and analyze existing master data as directed by application owners for SAP and the Master Data Hub.
Monitors overall delivery of the master data to supported financial teams and assist with troubleshooting when needed.
Build and execute system queries using SAP tools and Excel to compare and find anomalies within the master data.
In conjunction with the outsourced master data creation team, review quality of master data for accuracy and timeliness. Assist with QA. Collaborate with Enterprise Finance & Tax team members to help design and implement process and tool improvements/enhancements.
Deliver training and guidance to members and users of master data.
Document processes and develop/improve training materials.
Work with Enterprise Finance & Tax team members and assist with master data cleanup efforts for vendors and customers. Build and run queries using Excel or SAP tools to extract data. Analyze and provide feedback on duplicate records, data inconsistencies or other data anomalies.
The Essentials
Bachelor’s Degree required, Computer Science/Engineering and/or related experience preferred.
1 + years of experience reviewing, analyzing and providing input on data quality.
Experience with creating Excel workbooks, filtering, pivot tables, macros and other functions
Some knowledge and practical application of the software development life cycle (SDLC), with industry standard best practice methodologies.
General knowledge of SOX controls and processes preferred.
Experience with business process improvement preferred.
Detailed understanding of reporting tools and capabilities.
Experience managing data extracts.
Some SAP or ERP experience desired.
Experience with Excel required.
Microsoft Access and SQL and working knowledge of relational databases preferred.
Data analysis practices.
Test Data Management Practices.
Experience working in a matrixed support organization.
Strong knowledge of Excel and Excel query functions.
Demonstrated analytical, verbal, and written communication skills.
Must be an advocate for quality.
Must be detail-oriented.
Must be comfortable working with a reasonable level of autonomy after instruction.
Requisition #
177711BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
