Job Description

Do you enjoy solving puzzles? Are you a person who is determined to balance your checkbook down to the last penny? We are looking for a detail-oriented Data Entry Clerk and Analyst to assist with daily data entry and analysis activities and other related tasks.

Summary: The Data Entry Clerk/Analyst enters data into various Excel spreadsheets and other databases to ensure the timely processing of client invoices and cash flow reports. They will use business acumen and critical thinking to ensure that employee billable hours are accounted for on all outgoing invoices. They will also ensure that equipment and other products sent to clients are accounted for and billed appropriately.

Job Description

Responsibilities
Timely and Accurately receives, gathers, analyzes, organizes and enters information from multiple sources.
Ensures completeness of received information and reconciles inconsistencies.
Accurately enters required data into one or more databases, documents, or spreadsheets.
Prepares invoices for approval with appropriate backup data.
Establishes and maintains physical files.
Keeps track of case file status in order to ensure compliance with established deadlines.
Coordinates requests for additional information as needed.
Selects relevant information from a variety of sources in order to prepare invoices, documents, reports, summaries, and replies to inquiries, ensuring accuracy and proper format of the information provided.
Performs word processing relevant to situation.
Provides accurate and timely status updates.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications

· Ability to grasp and understand the organization and functions of internal departments
Meticulous data entry skills
Excellent communication skills; oral and written
Competence to review, interpret, and evaluate documents
Attention to detail and the ability to read and follow directions is extremely important
Strong organizational and prioritization skills
Experience with the Microsoft Office suite of applications (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) and other common software applications, to include databases, intermediate skills preferred
Proven commitment and competence to provide excellent customer service; positive and flexible
Ability to work in a team environment and maintain a professional disposition
OTHER REQUIREMENTS:

Business acumen Relevant work experience (1-3 years). Understands how a business operates financially.

Capable of using contemporary technology and software for communications and financial management. Proficient in appropriate software: Excel, Access, Word. Accounting software experience with Xero, or Quickbooks.

Communication is a key factor. Must be able to read, write and speak English clearly. Use of telephone, email, instant messaging and personal interfacing will be required at a high level. MS Word, Outlook email/calendar experience and Smart phone usage will be required.

Time Management and the ability to meet deadlines, create reports and financial statements and ad hoc reports as needed.

Customer Service oriented. Must have excellent skills in dealing with clients, vendors, bankers, auditors and internal personnel. Understanding their priorities, negotiating time schedules and being able to discern actual requirements accurately.

Qualifications

Detail oriented. Investigator. Responsible. Logical. Analytical. Strategic

Communicator. Must be able to gather financial data into easily understandable formats. Can deal effectively with both external and internal personnel in areas of finance

Well organized Multi-tasker. Must have, or be able to develop, a systematic method of conducting business involving multiple tasks and ability to recall the information quickly. Keeps meticulous records. Energetic, logical and focused.

Open-minded and flexible. Able to grasp ideas and concepts and turn them into workable solutions. Capable of following directions to exact detail.

Additional Information

· Local candidates only. No agencies or third parties.

· Pay commensurate with experience and local market. ($18 - $25 / hour)

· Full benefits package - Medical, Dental, Vision, Life insurance, 401k, Tuition Assistance and employee discounts.

· All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines and CCPA

· ITP is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
