Position Summary:

The primary job function, under general supervision, is to work with the various functional areas (UW, Claims, Marketing, Advertising) in an effort to provide data-driven analysis of our many processes. This position will require a solid background of statistical concepts and statistical tools. The employee will conduct analysis using statistical techniques in order to extract information from data, which will be of value in process efficiency and product design. Employee must have a passion for problem solving, comfort with ambiguity and the ability to think conceptually, analytically and creatively, and will be expected to manage projects and program execution of high complexity.

Essential Job Functions
Analyzes data available and identify issues and opportunities in different business areas. Understands the processes in departments (UW, Claims, Marketing, Advertising, etc.). Creates statistical models to generate insights on different business issues, and provide suggestion on approaches to problems. Conducts small-scope project work as assigned and performs ad hoc analyses. Works independently with guidance and direction from advanced level analysts and management. Participates in discussions with colleagues regarding analysis needs. Reviews and discusses analyses with colleagues and managers as necessary. Supports projects by applying general knowledge of the business area processes, including best practices. Provides analysis to better understand implementation options for analytical models / procedures, and work closely with other groups through implementation processes.
Retrieves data from various sources and prepares data for analysis. Reviews data for accuracy and revises methods of data retrieval when necessary. Prepares basic reports, graphs and charts based on research and analyses. Analyzes algorithms using intermediate SAS programming and MS Excel. Create procedures to streamline analysis procedures. Provides suggestions for process improvements and/or goal changes. Develops and designs presentations to show findings of analyses. Develops spreadsheets and tools for management use. Serves as a contact for basic reporting needs/issues regarding various data.
Communicates proactively, clear and consistently with SME's and Management in the various functional areas in order to understand each job function. Through this communication, the employee will be expected to increase the breadth of his/her understanding of the processes associated with these functions, and of the various KPI's that drive business results in each area and overall.
Creates presentations breaking down problems identified, potential solutions. May attend management meetings to present findings and recommendations. Employee should have a strong background in creating and explaining meaningful graphs and also be skilled at assembling and presenting PowerPoint presentations.
Education:
Worker characteristics are normally acquired through the successful completion of a Bachelor's in an analytical concentration, such as math, statistics, engineering, etc. Master's Degree recommended.
Experience:
2 years experience in marketing analytics
2 years experience in CRM and audience development
2 years experience in data management and predictive modeling in digital media industry
Knowledge and Skills
Knowledge of SAS, SPSS, and/or other statistical softwares required.
Knowledge of statistics and general model building / validation procedures required.
Intermediate-level skills in MS Excel and MS Access required.
Strong data skills and ability to work with massive datasets.
Good problem solving skills required.
Good analytical and critical thinking required.
Good written and verbal communication skills required.
