PIH Health is a nonprofit, regional healthcare network that serves approximately 3 million residents in the Los Angeles County, Orange County and San Gabriel Valley region. The fully integrated network is comprised of PIH Health Hospital - Whittier, PIH Health Hospital - Downey and PIH Health Good Samaritan Hospital, 27 outpatient medical locations, a multispecialty medical (physician) group, home healthcare services and hospice care, as well as heart, cancer, women’s health, urgent care and emergency services. The organization is recognized by Watson Health as one of the nation’s Top Hospitals, and College of Healthcare Information Management Executives (CHIME) as one of the nation’s top hospital systems for best practices, cutting-edge advancements, quality of care and healthcare technology. PIH Health is certified as a Great Place to Work TM. For more information, visit PIHHealth.org or follow us on Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram.

This position maintains various databases and information resources in support of quality management, risk adjustment and performance improvement activities. Data entry to third party vendor to fulfill external reporting requirements. Analyzes, tracks and trends data. Serves as interdepartmental liaison and resource for quality management, risk adjustment and performance improvement data.

Required Skills
Knowledge of Information Systems technology. Ability to discuss system problems and requirements with managers and employees in user functions, and be able to present findings in verbal and written form.
The ability to follow directions provided by other department management, staff, and physicians on the development of reports.
Experience in creating reports that contain statistical analysis, data interpretation, and report presentation to the different groups of users of information within the organization.
Ability to convert data files in specified formats based on health plan requirements.
Knowledge in Excel, Access, Visio and other office products
SQL and VBA
Required Experience
Bachelor’s degree in healthcare related discipline or other appropriate college level education or equivalent experience.
Two or more years of experience working with databases/data warehouses; managing and interpreting patterns and trends is required
Specific knowledge and understanding of statistical and technical applications.
Training in data abstraction preferred.
Beyond the benefits that come with working for the area's leading community healthcare provider – one that also recognizes the need to ensure patient safety and comfort – you'll enjoy an extremely competitive compensation and benefits package. We are an equal opportunity employer and seek diversity in our workforce. EOE M/F/D/V

Job Location
Whittier, US-CA
