The Senior Decision Support/Healthcare Analyst will provide leadership in the development and distribution of financial and operational management data and decision-making tools to the organization. Position will utilize combined application of business knowledge and advanced systems skills to perform and lead complex data-mining and analysis while ensuring the accuracy and integrity of the data. Position will provide expertise and leadership in the determination of the most appropriate tool for the development and distribution of data. Position will seek to streamline and create reporting efficiencies within organization through use of various systems, software applications and web-based opportunities. Position may provide guidance and assistance to other analysts as required. This position will require greater analytical and communication abilities due to the more complicated nature of assignments. This position will also be expected to demonstrate strong leadership and interpersonal skills via participation in work groups.

EXPERIENCE & TRAINING:
Bachelor’s degree or five or more years of experience in the area of financial analysis and health care reporting in ambulatory health care setting.
Three or more years of information systems or database design experience.
Mathematical aptitude with strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong project management skills.
Proven ability to perform advance MS SQL programming (i.e. DTS/SSIS, stored procedures, triggers and functions), and report designing and developing using SQL and Crystal Reporting Tools.
Working knowledge of PC applications for data analysis (specifically spreadsheet and database systems (MS Excel, MS Access and Crystal Reporting Tools).
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to work independently and as a member of a team and with users, management and staff.
Proficient in the use of SSRS, SQL, Access, Excel.
5+ years of experience in reporting/analytics
5+ years of experience with Microsoft Reporting Services or similar reporting tools.
