Role: Product Data Analyst
Location: Chicago, IL (Remote to start)
Type: 6-Month Contract-to-Hire
Start: ASAP
*Sorry, no 3rd Party Vendors/No C2C/No Sponsorship**
Summary:
The Product Analyst role will function as a key contributor in the Product organization and will be responsible for supporting multiple cross functional Agile teams through Product functions that span the spectrum from ideation-strategizing to execution-delivery and everything in between. This Analyst will be responsible for diving into various data sources, including web and app clickstream data and transaction-level raw data to uncover opportunities that will enhance the customer experience on the digital properties. This Analyst will also be responsible for assisting in the creation and analysis of a/b tests and for measuring the impact and performance of new Product initiatives.

Essential Functions:
Synthesize data from our web analytics tools and data-lake into actionable insights about our audience and shopper behavior. Clearly communicate these recommendations to internal stakeholders and senior leadership.
Determine the relevant data sources applicable to the business question and diligently verify the data quality and accuracy of the results.
Partner with Product teams to determine project KPIs to collect and measure success and develop a testing plan to effectively measure new initiatives.
Work with developers and technical analysts provide tracking requirements and QA tracking implementation.
Create intuitive, interactive dashboards to enable the team and business with critical metrics, with a focus on data automation, anomaly detection, and baseline engagement areas.
Champion the needs of the customer and business goals throughout the execution of a project.
Must organize with independence, develop a strong understanding of our customers, manage multiple concurrent projects, and identify and lead data solutions.
Partner with IT on tracking, testing & implementation plans.
Proactively identify data issues and work with internal partners to understand options and execute solutions.
Develop metrics to measure success of program features, analyze results, and partner across the organization to develop action plans and enhancement recommendations.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree
Direct experience in a digital environment in a relevant capacity
2+ years overall relevant experience
1+ years digital analytics experience
Strong analytical, prioritizing, interpersonal, problem-solving, presentation, & planning skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated collaborative skills and ability to work well within a team
Ability to manage multiple projects in various phases of ideation, execution, or delivery
Ability to work with and influence peers and senior management
Ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment
Self-motivated with critical attention to detail, deadlines and reporting
Experience with agile development
Data driven mindset and track record
Skills:
Digital analytics tools such as Google Analytics (preferred) or Adobe Analytics.
Data visualization skills such as Google Data Studio (preferred), Power BI, or Tableau
A/B testing tools and concepts such as Optimizely or Adobe Target
Abilities:
Can organize and analyze large, varied sets of data and distill into actionable insights
Eagerness to learn and a thirst for discovery and answers
Active listener with the ability to ask the right questions to understand the business problem and identity the analysis approach
A team player with a positive attitude and enthusiasm for our team's mission
Education:
Bachelor's degree
