Overview

About Pulse8, Inc.

Pulse8 is an innovative Healthcare Analytics and Technology Company that delivers visibility and transparency for Risk Adjustment and Quality Management programs. We enable health plans and at-risk providers to achieve the greatest financial impact in the Health Insurance Exchange (HIX), Medicare Advantage, and Medicaid markets. By combining advanced analytic methodologies with extensive health plan experience, Pulse8 has developed a suite of uniquely pragmatic solutions that are revolutionizing risk adjustment. Pulse8's flexible business intelligence tools offer real-time visibility into member and provider activities so our clients can apply the most cost-effective and appropriate interventions for closing gaps in documentation, coding, and quality.

What's cool about working for Pulse8? We're a close-knit team of Healthcare and Technology experts dedicated to helping people live longer, healthier lives. You'll get to help us design and build innovative solutions from the ground up and have the opportunity to do lots of interesting things in an entrepreneurial culture. We offer competitive benefits and much, much more!

Position Description

Healthcare Data Analyst will assist our team of data scientists, researchers, risk adjustment experts, and developers in implementation support, leading business cases for algorithm development and improvement, researching customer queries of analytics performance, creating requirements for new analytics and data products, and working in tandem with our data teams in executing these requirements.

This is a remote position.

Responsibilities
Developing business cases and requirements for new products and current product enhancements
Leading customer requests for ad hoc reporting or research
Owning customer financial improvement modeling and engaging directly with current or new customers to update models
Leading research initiatives to monitor Pulse8's algorithm performance over time and recommend future enhancements
Collaborate with Pulse8 clinicians in outcomes, algorithm performance, and new product development
Develop customer presentations and reporting enhancements to streamline Pulse8 operations and support processes
Provide data support and subject matter expertise knowledge during implementation phase of customer onboarding
Qualifications

Academic and Professional Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in a related field of study
4 to 6 years of experience analyzing and interpreting health care data
Experience supporting the development of scalable analytic and reporting solutions
Experience:

Minimum Essential Knowledge / Skills:
4 to 6 years of experience analyzing and interpreting health care data
Experience supporting the development of scalable analytic and reporting solutions
Prior experience in healthcare industry specifically Medicaid
Experience with financial or operational modeling and concepts
Experience or degree in statistics, mathematics, finance, operational reporting or similar analytic field
Experience interacting with large amounts of healthcare data
Experience working with clinical classification systems like CDPS,CRG,ACG,ERG
Experience with SQL or SAS
Working knowledge of statistics with ability/interest to become proficient
Proven technical, analytical and problem solving
Strong written and verbal communication
Professional and interpersonal
Self-initiative and leadership
Ability to work within a team environment
Ability to interface with both external and internal personnel at all levels
Desired Skills:
Experience with Risk Adjustment models specifically Medicaid focused
Medicaid business analytics experience
Experience with business intelligence tools
Travel requirements:
No to minimal travel
Will travel to Annapolis, MD for new hire orientation and then all Pulse 8 employees attend two company summits per year in various locations.
Working arrangements:
Monday through Friday or as defined by assignment requirements
Pulse8 is a stand-alone brand, fully owned by Allscripts, with its own C-level and senior leadership. When you work for Pulse8, you get the advantages and benefits of working with a large, public company with the innovative culture and direction and of a small, nimble company.

At Allscripts, our greatest strength comes from bringing together talented people with diverse perspectives to support the technology needs of 180,000 physicians, 1,500 hospitals and 10,000 post-acute organizations across the globe. Allscripts offers a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, including holidays, vacation, medical, dental, and vision insurance, company paid life insurance and retirement savings.

Allscripts' policy is to provide equal employment opportunity and affirmative action in all of its employment practices without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, age, individuals with disabilities, sexual orientation or gender identity or expression or any other legally protected category. Applicants for North American based positions with Allscripts must be legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada. Verification of employment eligibility will be required as a condition of hire.

#LI-ALL

From a "VEVRAA Federal Contractor" We request Priority Referral of Protected Veterans
