Please make sure to read the job posting in its entirety as it reflects both the University roles and responsibilities, followed by the specific description.

Department

20123 Obstetrics & Gynecology

About the Unit

The Lindau Laboratory at the University of Chicago is an interdisciplinary, fast-paced laboratory performing human-level observational, interventional, health services, geospatial and agent-based modeling research motivated by a fundamental concern for the principle of justice in health and health care. Over the last three years, the lab has grown rapidly in the number, complexity and size of our data assets; the number and span of our internal and external collaborations; and in our primary data sharing activities, including dissemination of and technical support for more than 100 custom datasets created for consumers of our urban built asset data. The Lab, funded predominantly by agencies of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services along with private philanthropy currently employs about 15 full and part-time researchers across disciplines including epidemiology, gerontology, anthropology, public health, and health care communications. The lab routinely collaborates across disciplines, University of Chicago units, and with investigators at other institutions including experts in the fields of computer science, design, architecture, psychology, public health and other medical and social science fields. In addition to her scholarly work, Dr. Lindau is a practicing gynecologist with specialized expertise in prevalence, prevention and treatment of sexual disorders in women. The work of the lab focuses in two main areas: 1) urban health and population health improvement, with a particular concern for people living in high-poverty communities and; 2) preservation and treatment of female sexuality in the context of aging, cancer and other common diseases. The two main areas of work include the South Side Health and Vitality Studies (SSHVS) and the Program in Integrative Sexual Medicine (PRISM). SSHVS is a well-established collaborative effort between university researchers and community members that aims to understand how community assets and information and communication technologies can be used to improve health and vitality.

Job Family

Research

Responsible for all aspects of research projects and research facilities. Plans and conducts clinical and non-clinical research; facilitates and monitors daily activities of clinical trials or research projects. Directs engineering and technical support activities to develop and maintain tools and computational methods needed to gather and analyze data.

Career Track and Job Level

Bioinformatics

Responsible for developing methods and software tools to analyze and interpret biological data.

P2: Requires knowledge and experience in own discipline; still acquiring higher-level knowledge and skills. Builds knowledge of the organization, processes and customers. Solves a range of straightforward problems. Analyzes possible solutions using standard procedures. Receives a moderate level of guidance and direction.

Role Impact

Individual Contributor

Responsibilities

The job administers programs and support all phases of bioinformatics activities by helping devise or modify procedures to solve complex problems.

1) Participates in creating data algorithms and specialized computer software to identify and classify components of a biological system (i.e. DNA and protein sequences)., 2) Applies basic application of computational tools and information technology to gather, analyze and visualize data in biology and biomedical research, 3) Interprets data analysis of high throughput genomics, proteomics and genetic data., 4) Plans own resources to implement or modify existing web-based bioinformatics tools, 5) Performs other related work as needed.

Unit-specific Responsibilities

1) Data analysis and data management: Perform, with support of a team of PhD and masters-level analysts, advanced analytic tasks to accomplish the scientific aims of the lab's research.

2) Conduct statistical analyses; demonstrated proficiency in descriptive, multivariable, and/or other advanced analyses using large datasets (experience with longitudinal data an asset); duplicate analyses as part of the lab's quality assurance protocol.

3) Independently create, prepare, and manage databases and prepare datasets for analysis.

4) Draft presentations and manuscripts for the purposes of presentation at scientific meetings and publication in peer-reviewed literature.

5) Research support: Support ongoing research projects in the lab.

6) Assist with ongoing data monitoring tasks, including data preparation and reporting, through creation of reports.

7) Contribute to survey development tasks, including questionnaire design and logic, and protocol development.

8) Perform literature reviews.

Unit-preferred competencies

1) Organization Skills.

2) Problem-solving.

3)Collaboration Skills.

4) Attention to detail.

5) Ability to work autonomously.

Education, Experience, and Certifications

Minimum requirements include a college or university degree in related field.

Minimum requirements include knowledge and skills developed through 2-5 years of work experience in a related job discipline.

Preferred Qualifications

Education

1) Advanced degree in related field (Research, Data Analysis, Public Health)

Experience

1) 2+ years of relevant research experience

2) Critical thinking/problem solving experience

3) Strong analytic and data management experience

4) Proficiency in STATA or R required; GIS experience a plus

5) Expertise in epidemiology, social science, populations studies, and/or community health

6) Experience in NIH grant-writing, manuscript writing, oral presentation at scientific meetings and implementing human subjects protocols

7) Proven expert level proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and scientific search engines

8) Experience working in a fast-paced, multidisciplinary environment

9) Excellent organization and verbal and written communication experience, as well as past ability to work effectively with people from many backgrounds

10) Experience in working with sensitive subject matter and maintaining strict confidentiality regarding research subjects and patients

Required Documents

1) Cover Letter

2) Resume

NOTE: When applying, all required documents MUST be uploaded under the Resume/CV section of the application

FLSA Status

Exempt

Pay Frequency

Monthly

Pay Grade

Depends on Qualifications

Scheduled Weekly Hours

40

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Drug Test Required

No

Health Screen Required

No

Motor Vehicle Record Inquiry Required

No

Posting Date

2020-05-04-07:00

Remove from Posting On or Before

2020-11-04-08:00

Posting Statement

The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity/Disabled/Veterans Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national or ethnic origin, age, status as an individual with a disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or other protected classes under the law. For additional information please see the University's Notice of Nondiscrimination.

Staff Job seekers in need of a reasonable accommodation to complete the application process should call 773-702-5800 or submit a request via Applicant Inquiry Form.

The University of Chicago's Annual Security & Fire Safety Report (Report) provides information about University offices and programs that provide safety support, crime and fire statistics, emergency response and communications plans, and other policies and information. The Report can be accessed online at: http://securityreport.uchicago.edu. Paper copies of the Report are available, upon request, from the University of Chicago Police Department, 850 E. 61st Street, Chicago, IL 60637.
