Job Description
We are seeking a Data Analyst to become an integral part of our enterprise fortune 500 team! You will perform data collection, analysis, validation and reporting. Designs, tests, and documents processes, SQL queries, and stored procedures. Strong analytical and organizational skills also essential. 0 - 2 years experience

Responsibilities:
Excel Wizard (Advanced to Expert level
Low level Data Analyst, no SQL required
Possible contract to hire, no guarantees
Able to perform pivot tables, functions, formulas, v-lookups, pivot reporting, macros, micros
This individual will be organizing, comparing, analyzing data.
They will receive a report from a 3rd party and then compare that report to Univar's internal reports to see where the data differs, understand why it differs, and communicate this to the manager.
This report has over 50,000 cells each report.
The hiring manager will need this individual to also add data, upload, edit, and change data as he sees errors and inconsistencies.
SQL is not required and this is a relatively low level Data Analyst role
First day start details:
They must appear onsite for the first duration of their training and then will discuss remote work once they get started due to COVID-19.

Company Description
SkySource Solutions believes in attaining success. We know success is important to our clients, applicants, candidates, and our internal staff and want to be an integral part of that process.

The SkySource Difference: We are not just another staffing firm! We truly care about our candidates long-term success and how we get there together. So the BIG Question is... How do we get there?
Our team of Recruiters come with 5 plus years of industry experience and are not looking to just find you a job. We truly care about your short-term and long-term career goals and understand what's important in making that next career move. We want to understand what you are looking for from a cultural, compensation and benefits perspective.

Apply today and experience the SkySource difference!
