Role Description

By leveraging our relationships with retail pharmacy chains, PBM’s, and data clearinghouses, Milliman IntelliScript assesses pharmacy and other types of data on an identified and de-identified basis. IntelliScript’s SaaS tools analyze and organize large quantities of data through risk management applications for health plans and life insurers. The Analysts on our Analytics team provide detailed reporting for internal teams and our clients, and support products across the practice.

Opportunity Highlights
Work on and manage a variety of routine and ad hoc projects on a growing team
Research and provide in-depth analysis to drive business decisions
Innovation and ideas are always welcome at IntelliScript, and success is highly visible
Enjoy autonomy to work independently with strong trust and communication among the team
Milliman demonstrates work-life balance through a variety of perks and programs
Responsibilities
Work with colleagues and clients to determine reporting needs, address data quality issues, support data reconciliation, and create project deliverables
Creative problem solving using spreadsheets, databases and other resources to organize and analyze information
Manage ad-hoc projects and collaborate with team members across the business
Communicate results in well written reports and presentations in a clear and concise manner
Anticipate and address questions that will arise during business review and client delivery
Use discretion and independent judgment to determine how to complete assigned projects, subject to peer review
Check and validate peers’ work and results
Professional Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree in actuarial science, mathematics, or other major with quantitative course work, or equivalent experience
1 or more completed internships, and/or 1 or more years of relevant work experience
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, e.g. able to create pivot tables, V-lookups, etc.
Experience with SQL, R, VBA or other querying or programming language(s)
Personal Qualifications
Ambition and excitement for professional development through work and study
Strong technical and analytical skills
Demonstrated“let’s find a way to do it” attitude– no task is too big or too small, willing to pitch in wherever needed
Resourceful; tenacious in solving problems; asks questions and contributes ideas to determine the best way to accomplish a goal
Ambition and excitement for their professional development
Diligent in follow up, and meeting deadlines
Excellent attention to detail, organization, and time management skills
Articulate and professional when speaking with clients as well as with colleagues, via all mediums (phone, email, Zoom, Microsoft Teams, etc.)
Thrive in an entrepreneurial and collaborative culture
Preferred (Not Required)
Experience with Microsoft Power BI
Experience with Wrike or other project management software
Location

This position will be based either out of the Milliman office in Brookfield, WI or Chicago, IL. Applicants must be willing to work onsite in their Milliman office. All aspects of this position are identical between both locations (types of projects, organizational structure, etc.). Our offices work together, with the only difference being physical location. All employees are currently working remotely and will do so until such a time when we can return to the office safely.

About Us

Milliman, Inc. is recognized as one of the top firms providing professional services to the insurance industry. Milliman IntelliScript is a specialty software-as-a-service (SaaS) unit of Milliman that provides valuable real-time data and underwriting decision support tools to health and life insurers. With deep understanding and expertise in the life and health insurance markets, IntelliScript offers an innovative suite of products to interpret and deliver electronic medical data (such as prescription histories, diagnoses, treatment data, etc.) to help clients make effective underwriting and group/population analysis decisions.

IntelliScript has averaged annual sales growth exceeding 20% in the last several years. As part of Milliman, IntelliScript offers a unique, entrepreneurial environment, as well as competitive compensation and benefits. Our guiding principles are: Delight Our Clients, Innovation, Excellence, Transparency, and Balance. We are looking for collaborative people who are ready to be part of our long-term success. Visit our LinkedIn page for a closer look at our company and culture:Milliman IntelliScript on LinkedIn

Applicants must be presently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis. The IntelliScript Practice does not sponsor individuals for the purpose of obtaining or maintaining H-1B, O-1, TN, or other non-immigrant work authorizing status for this position.
