WestRock is currently seeking a Manufacturing Data Analyst.

Career Opportunity: Process production data; prepare data for output, track data to ensure compliance with usage and retention policies, and create/maintain/publish related reporting according to requirements.

How you will impact WestRock:
Processes/prepares data for production use, following standard data processing principles and complying with all internal programming/ documentation standards and internal security procedures.
Manages data from multiple sources including internal, external, and 3rd party data.
Manages Non-Conformance Report database, including NCR notification, investigation, and review.
Analyzes NCR data to identify any negative trends and develops countermeasures.
Manages all Rework activities, including Rework Estimate Requests and Rework Approval.
Ensures data integrity and program accuracy through quality assurance activities, troubleshooting, testing, and reporting of system maintenance, enhancements and new development.
Reviews data and articulates findings to sales, product management, and manufacturing.
Collaborates with other departments and functions to achieve creative and efficient solutions to client objectives.
Maintains accurate and up-to-date documentation of project details.
Works closely with Production, Quality and Technical managers to support operations and to ensure and document standard operating procedures that support data quality and production efficiency.
Conducts cross functional meetings to standardize quality processes.
Manages NCR data; facilitates improvement activities based on data.
Manages quality review board; facilitates meetings when necessary.
Maintains confidentiality of data and programs.
Performs other duties as assigned.
What you need to succeed:
Must be proficient in the use of database tools and other data manipulation software (MS Excel, etc.).
Must have strong working knowledge of Windows OS and Microsoft Office.
Must be able to accurately manipulate large amounts of data, which may require lengthy periods of concentration, a high level of attention to detail, and superior organization and accuracy.
Must be able to manage shifting priorities on multiple projects while maintaining quality of work product.
Must be able to function effectively with a large degree of independence.
Must be able to write reports, business correspondence and technical documentation.
Must demonstrate excellent communication skills - written and verbal - and interpersonal skills.
Must be able to maintain good attendance.
Must be able to perform all essential functions of this job with or without reasonable accommodation.
What we offer:
Corporate culture based on integrity, respect, accountability and excellence.
Comprehensive training with numerous learning and development opportunities.
An attractive salary reflecting skills, competencies and potential.
A career with a global packaging company where Sustainability, Safety and Inclusion are business drivers and foundational elements of the daily work.
#IL

WestRock Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating and maintaining a diverse workforce: Minorities/Females/ Disabled/Veterans.
