Address:

111 W Monroe - 115 S LaSalle

Job Family Group:

Data Analytics & Reporting

The Reporting and Segmentation Analyst, North American Collections Analytics for data and analytics will assist with:
Sourcing and management of data sets to support strategy and segmentation function.
Segmentation, ad hoc analytics, and test design to support decisioning within collections and recovery.
Monthly performance reporting incorporating performance reads of different strategy changes and new initiatives
This role requires strong data and analytical capabilities to develop new analytics insight supporting a 500+ FTE operations center. The analyst will assist in the development of new collection and recovery strategies such as call center and digital campaigns for high risk customers, next best offer prioritization for collections offers and deals, outsourcing and legal campaigns on defaulting accounts, and debt sale break-even analysis using decision trees, logistic scorecards, and NPV modelling.
They will also support through interpretation of monthly performance results across collections portfolios including shifts in customer risk profile as well as strategy performance.
Change Management
New strategy development including data-driven analytics, test design, and rollout plan
Assist in development of segmentation and advanced analytics to drive different treatments and strategies
Drive profitability assessment of Collection and recovery strategies through risk / return analysis using financial modelling.
Work with internal and external operations teams to define specific treatments to be allocated by strategy
Review strategy changes from conceptual design to analytical sizing to test design to stakeholder buy-in to implementation to interpretation of results
Business Performance Management
Management of existing strategies including monitoring / measurement and communication to key stakeholders
Manage continuously measure of tests' impact through implementation of dedicated reporting and ad hoc analysis. As required, amend / refine strategies through a defined change management process.
Monitor operations execution to ensure that strategies are executed as designed. Assist operations in the execution of strategy through standardized and ad hoc analysis including capacity planning, AHT analysis, etc.
Monitor profile and portfolio changes across countries, products, and delinquency levels
Manage monthly performance views across portfolios including operational execution, strategy performance, and changes to risk profile.
Qualifications

KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS

Knowledge and Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Economics, Finance, or other quantitative fields. Master's Degree preferred
3+ years of experience in analytics (ideally scorecard development / monitoring, customer segmentation, strategy development in Credit Risk, Marketing or Collection). Graduate Degree with 1+ years of experience will also be considered.
Working level statistical skills, including regression, time series, champion/challenger testing, and decision tree modeling.
Experiences with automated report production, preferably through SAS.
Strong data mining skills in SAS Enterprise Guide and Enterprise Miner, or in other programming software such as R and Python
Ability to access complex data sources, explore data resources, clean and compile data to provide analytical driven solutions to real business problems.
Knowledge of consumer credit products
Skills:
Excellent analytical thinking capability, skilled at translating business problems into analytical questions and summarizing data to reach conclusion.
Good communication skills. Strong ability to explain complicated ideas to broader audience.
Proactive problem solver and team player.
Good presentation skills, able to organize information and present analytical result in an efficient manner
We're here to help

At BMO Harris Bank we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.

As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one - for yourself and our customers. We'll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we'll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.

To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com.

BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other's differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank N.A. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
