Full Time - Fully Remote

Company: Lantana Consulting Group provides services and software for standards-based health information exchange. We have built our expertise through more than a decade of development and deployment of technical specifications and interoperability solutions. As a distributed company with no single brick and mortar office, Lantana can hire the best available talent and offer a flexible work schedule. We are a small, growing business on a path towards employee ownership.

Primary purpose: Provide data analysis and visualization support for the CDC National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN).

A successful candidate has the skills to:
Quickly gather requirements, learn subject matter, and extract and transform data.
Be proficient with PowerBI and Microsoft data toolset.
Automate, deliver, and schedule visualization reports.
Test data models, calculations, and quality of analytical output.
Optimize data models and visualizations for responsiveness and performance.
Visualize data geospatially using GIS technologies and techniques.
Understand and use statistical processes and software (SAS, R, Python).
Apply Microsoft DAX and construct advanced calculations.
Connect to variety of data sources and proficiently use the queried data in Power BI.
Be or become familiar with secondary tools and technologies like Microsoft SQL, Azure, Data Lake, NoSQL, data streaming, etc.
Effectively deliver and present work to the appropriate audience.
Meet deadlines and manage concurrent deliverables.
Qualifications:
Proficient in the development of highly visual reports, dashboards, and data narratives.
Experience with data extraction, cleaning and wrangling, modeling and manipulation to prepare data for analysis, reporting, and visualization.
Degree in public health, computer science, or related discipline preferred.
Experience with Healthcare-Associated Infections (HAI) data preferred.
Knowledge of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) National Healthcare Safety Network (NHSN) preferred.
Additional Job Information:
There are two positions available for this role.
These positions are mid-to-senior level with opportunity for growth within the company.
Travel can be up to 5% time, depending on projects and responsibilities. At present, due to COVID-19, no travel or onsite work is required.
This position is fully work-from-home/remote and accepts all applicants in the US.
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
NHSN: 1 year (Preferred)
Power BI: 2 years (Required)
Public Health: 2 years (Preferred)
Company's website:
https://lantanagroup.com/
