Overview

PDI is seeking a Data Operations Analyst to join our team working in an exciting, high volume retail data ecosystem with over $100B of transaction log data. Mastering the relationship between client data and our ecosystem will be an important element for this position. This position plays a critical role for both the retailer and their vendor partners to realize value from their data.

The Data Operations Analyst will help our team onboard new customersâ data, may gather technical requirements, utilize analytical approaches to troubleshoot data quality issues, as well as contribute to identifying, designing, and implementing internal data processing improvements. The successful applicant will be joining a team with a "Can Do" attitude, and a strong desire to make an impact on the business.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Assist in onboarding new customersâ data into the SwiftIQ data warehouse and platform, by collaborating with Data Engineering and Business Intelligence to deliver flawless onboarding
Scope data and integration requirements based on company knowledge and client-specific nuances, including new data-oriented features
Identify, design, and implement internal data processing improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing data analysis infrastructure related to data quality and integration to deliver greater scalability, etc.
Play a key role in a client-facing position requiring collaboration with clients throughout the data procurement, onboarding, and troubleshooting
Audit data for quality and content ensuring full understanding of customersâ data
Investigate, troubleshoot any issue, and recommend solution as part of the onboarding and/or clientsâ daily data feed
Develop an expertise on each clientsâ individual data quality needs and document all things related to data quality
Use SQL to create complex queries not easily producible using the core platform
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Information Technology, Statistics or related field required.
1-3 years of applicable experience
Outstanding analytical skills and a passion for problem solving
Advanced in SQL query writing, coupled with high proficiency in Excel
Phenomenal organizational skills and one who naturally thrives in a multi-tasking environment with the ability to effectively manage priorities with limited oversight
Strong team player with an opportunistic and self-starting mindset
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Desire to join an open and diverse team
Undergraduate degree; quantitative filed preferred
Strongly preferred:Experience with customer relationship management is a plusKnowledge and experience Python and/or RExperience with analytics systems (data warehouses, dimensional models, etc.)Basic working and practical knowledge of programming principles, techniques, standards and analytical ability
PDIâs employee-oriented culture provides a supportive and dynamic work environment for high achievers. PDI seeks individuals who value continuous learning, hold high ethical standards, and are top performers in their respective fields. We offer competitive wages, professional development, superb culture, and a highly competitive benefits package. For more information about PDI, please visit our website at https://www.profdata.com. PDI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We verify employment eligibility for all new hires using e-Verify.

Powered by JazzHR
