Who we are:
Braviant is a leading provider of tech-enabled credit products that combines breakthrough technology and cutting-edge machine learning to transform how people access credit online. Our next-generation approach to lending reduces credit barriers and creates a Path to Prime to help millions of underbanked consumers build credit history, reduce their cost of borrowing, and achieve financial success.


The role:
Braviant’s data team in Chicago is looking for a Business Intelligence Associate to build and maintain automated business intelligence reporting, collaborate with the Analytics team on predictive models, and to maintain reporting views and objects in our enterprise data warehouse. This is a hands-on role for someone with strong technical skills who enjoys problem solving and can work in a fluid start up environment.
What you'll be doing:
You'll work with internal and third-party data sources to create reports using ad hoc SQL, reporting views, and Looker's business intelligence platform
You'll develop reporting to monitor various Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) over time. Maintain and document these solutions to drive long-term value
You'll create, maintain, and monitor daily and intra-day checks to ensure health of production system and data warehouse reporting
You'll collaborate with the Analytics team to create strategies for implementation of predictive models
You'll complete ad hoc analysis as needed to help management understand and interpret business results
What you'll bring:
2+ years relevant work experience
Bachelor's degree required, preferably in a quantitative discipline (e.g., mathematics, statistics, operations research, quantitative finance, physics, engineering, computer science)
Proficiency in writing concise and performant SQL queries. Familiarity with other database constructs such as views, materialized views, indices, and ETL processes
Proficiency with Looker, or a similar business intelligence tool such as Tableau or QlikView; must have experience with dashboard creation and with backend engineering and administration

equally important...
You can communicate complicated or complex topics to a wide variety of stakeholders
You possess a sense of flexibility and willingness to take on different tasks outside job description
You are able to identify problems and ask insightful follow up questions or escalate issues when necessary
You make an impact and deliver on assigned tasks through effectively using resources around you and by taking advantage of learning opportunities
You care about your work and value gaining credibility by meeting goals and deadlines
You’re comfortable with the unknown: startup life allows for a broad, wide ranging role, but also means priorities and work can change quickly. You are excited about all this entails!
What will make you stand out:
R and Python experience, particularly for data processing and analysis
High-level familiarity with common predictive modeling algorithms
Experience with version control and agile development methods. Some familiarity with AWS services such as RDS and EC2
Experience in Agile methodology: Scrum, Kanban, Lean, etc.

We are an equal opportunity employer. We value diversity and building an inclusive company culture. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.

We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor or take over sponsorship of employment visas at this time.




What it's like to work here:
We're more than just great snacks, unique outings, a cool office, or swag. We're about achieving results while having fun along the way. We believe in solving problems together and building on each other’s ideas. Our teams are comprised of smart, curious individuals and we encourage everyone to think like an owner, take initiative and drive their careers. Our broad roles provide tremendous opportunities for individuals to acquire new skills, gain exposure to all areas of the business, and quickly see their impact at Braviant.
