Overview

CIBC is a leading North American financial institution with 10 million personal banking, business, public sector and institutional clients. CIBC offers a full range of advice, solutions and services in the United States, across Canada and around the world. In the U.S., CIBC Bank USA provides commercial banking, private and personal banking and small business banking solutions and CIBC Private Wealth Management offers investment management, wealth strategies and legacy planning.

CIBC works to help you make your ambitions a reality with a team that is committed to being always professional, genuinely caring and collaborates to find simple solutions as we build our relationship-focused bank for the modern world.

Every year, CIBC is recognized for its business success, community commitment and employee initiatives. We are proud of this success and are committed to creating an inclusive workplace and an environment where all of our team members can excel.

Responsibilities

We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst to turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. The ideal candidate will bring a variety of skills such as general business acumen, a very analytical mindset, an aptitude for technology, and the ability to present findings concisely. This position will include responsibilities for data preparation including sourcing, acquisition, and reconciliation of new data sets; integration with our client data warehouse; developing strong governance around the collection of new data; and building reports and information delivery portals to share the data with appropriate stakeholders throughout the Bank. This role requires an inquisitive, hands-on individual that can work independently to drive projects to completion. A strong candidate will demonstrate initiative to explore alternate technology and approaches to solving problems, and will have excellent communication skills - both written and verbal - with many different levels of employees from executives within the line of business to our technology and operations partners.

Qualifications
Relevant Bachelors Degree.
2-5 years of progressively responsible experience in the field or related area.
Knowledge of commonly-used concepts, practices, and procedures within data analytics.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office required.
Proficiency with SQL and VBA strongly desired.
