Responsibilities:* Collaborate with Data Governance capabilities and roadmaps, standards and processes. Track the improvement and adoption.
Provide leadership and mentoring to both accounts and service lines by providing coaching, training, and awareness of data governance and data quality policies.
Adhere to processes by which proper data governance approval is obtained for information exchange between services lines, accounts and regions.
Provide input to existing and new data standards
Develop and document process documentation regarding account data quality auditing
Manage data related tasks to support accounts in data clean up and standardization activities.
Update/modify project plans, provide status reports, and track tasks to completion to meet time line deliverables for internal projects
Ensure that key business terms and metrics are inventoried and maintained centrally for timely access electronically
Apply project management skills to manage multiple tracks of data governance activities based on an overall project plan.
Support account data stewardship program. Provide guidance and fulfill requests from data owners, data stewards and other stakeholders.
Perform additional job duties and support special projects as assigned
Required
Must handle multiple tasks, manage time effectively, and establish priorities to meet deadlines in a fast-paced and changing team environment
Excellent oral, written, and presentation communication skills. Strong negotiation and group facilitation skills; ability to move a process forward, while meeting the needs of a variety of internal customers.
Relationship management skills that include: (1) excellent listening and consultative capability, (2) the ability to influence and negotiate with business and technology partners to drive change and resolve conflicts at the lowest level and (3) the ability to take a broad perspective and make key connections
Build trust with large project teams through effective communication, conflict management and professional rapport
Superior project management/consulting and leadership skills. Demonstrated ability to facilitate complex, mission critical projects and to develop, participate in and guide multi-disciplinary work teams. Manage task time lines and deliverable schedules and share concerns about deliverables, time lines, and issues with Data Governance, PMOs, account leadership, and partners.
Strong attention to detail when dealing with data and multiple work streams
Excellent time management skills
Comfortable working remote and being conscience of carefully communicating via email, instant messaging, and webex meetings.
Sound judgment, initiative, resourcefulness, tenacity and the flexibility to operate independently in a fast-paced environment.
Knowledge of Data Governance, Data Quality and Data Management projects.
Ability to quickly develop an understanding of business processes and how data is used.
Experience in dealing with internal and external customers. Must be able to deal with strong personalities and people who have competing priorities.
High level of energy and enthusiasm
Experience in remediating data issues is recommended.
Customer focused; ability to interpret customer requirements
Expert level skills in Microsoft Suite including Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Access, and Visio
4+ years data related experience
Bachelor's degree or 4 years of related industry experience required
About TEKsystems:

We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.

The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.

If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.

Job Requirements:
