Chicago Public Schools (CPS) is the third largest school district in the United States, serving over 360,000 students in 600 schools and employing nearly 36,000 people, most of them teachers. CPS has set ambitious goals to ensure that every student, in every school and every neighborhood, has access to a world-class learning experience that prepares each for success in college, career and civic life. In order to fulfill this mission we make three commitments to our students, their families and all Chicagoans: academic progress, financial stability and integrity. Six core values are embedded within these commitments – student centered, whole child, equity, academic excellence, community partnership and continuous learning.

The Chicago Public Schools Community Schools Initiative (CSI) is the third largest hub of Community Schools in the United States, serving and supporting more than 150 CPS schools during the 2019-2020 school year. Under the CPS Office of College and Career Success (OCCS) and within the Office of Student Support and Engagement (OSSE), the CPS Community Schools Initiative strives to provide and support the implementation of a myriad of wraparound services that aim to meet the physical, social, emotional, and academic needs of students, families, and whole school communities.

The role of the CSI Data Analyst is to use data to monitor and drive progress towards the priorities and goals of the CPS Community Schools Initiative as outlined in the Nita M. Lowey 21st Century Community Learning Centers (21CCLC) grant application and award. The CSI Analyst utilizes programmatic data from 21CCLC funded programs, as well as student, school, and community level data to provide strategic project management and evaluation guidance for the CPS Community Schools Initiative. The Data Analyst works to complete all federal and state grant reporting requirements in order to ensure funding streams are uninterrupted, while also working to develop internal progress monitoring and evaluation tools in order to inform and refine services. The CSI Data Analyst works directly with the CSI team, as well as with Community School Resource Coordinators and administrators to make data understandable and actionable in strengthening the community schools model as a whole.

Key Responsibilities & Job Functions
Perform analysis on large and complex datasets from multiple sources to provide meaningful information
Evaluate data for structural integrity and consistency
Develop an expertise on where various data are housed in order to extract information quickly and accurately
Work across a wide variety of CPS departments to identify additional data needs and opportunities for collaboration
Query, organize, and present data in a digestible and meaningful way
Manage all federal and state reporting requirements, including communicating any data needs to stakeholders, data quality assurance, and data entry
Serve as the liaison between CPS and all external research/evaluation partners to help coordinate, support, and guide evaluation work, including Continuous Quality Improvement Processes
Manage external evaluations for CSI across all funding sources.
Develop systems and protocols for sharing data with schools and partners.
In order to be successful and achieve the above responsibilities, the CSI Data Analyst must possess the following qualifications:

Type of Education Required:
Bachelor’s degree in Education, Social Sciences, Public Policy, Economics, or related field required; Master’s degree preferred
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Ability to work in a fast paced environment with competing priorities and meet continuous critical deadlines, sometimes with little notice
Experience with data visualization of large, complex data sets
Expert user of Microsoft and Google office suites
Basic SQL and software experience preferred (SPSS, SAS, etc.)
Strong analytic, organization, and communication skills
Prior experience in the education sector preferred
Ability to function effectively in a large, complex organization
Residency Requirement:

As a condition of employment with the Chicago Public Schools (CPS), employees are required to live within the geographic boundaries of the City of Chicago within six months of their CPS hire date and must maintain residency throughout their employment with the district.
