Job Description
Job Title: Data Analyst

Reports to: Chief Operating Officer

Job Status: Non-exempt, Hourly, Full-Time

Primary Location: Remote

The Data Analyst is responsible for developing and maintaining data collection systems for the agency. This individual will provide analysis and reports on data designed to improve and monitor program outcomes for day-to-day management as well as grant reporting.

This evolving position is initially envisioned as a full-time role, for the first six plus months, with the flexibility to add other duties or to reduce to part-time if desired once workflow and systems are established. The ideal candidate should be committed to transforming data into readable, goal-driven reports for continued innovation and growth.

Responsibilities
Work closely with program managers to develop systems that collect and report required program output data and indicators
Map data collection process, for multiple systems, in collaboration with program managers
Design, build, and maintain systems for program data collection and reporting
Train program managers on data input, reports, dashboards, and reporting processes
Compile program output data for annual report, grant reports and ad hoc reporting requests as needed
Develop and update program dashboards
Develop annual data collection timeline
Perform related work as assigned


Experience and Qualifications

Successful candidates will possess all or many of the following qualifications and/or skills:
Graduation from an accredited college or university in Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Science, Statistics, Business or an equivalent combination of education and/or experience
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
Ability to analyze quantitative data and communicate the information accurately to relevant decision makers
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite including Excel, Word, and Access
Previous experience in data management role
Proven analytic skills, including mining, evaluation, analysis and visualization
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

Accounting Aid Society is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, creed, religion, national origin, citizenship status, ancestry, sex, age, physical or mental disability, marital status, family responsibilities, pregnancy, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender expression, gender identity, transgender, sex stereotyping, protected veteran or military status, and other categories protected by federal, state or local law.
Company Description
Accounting Aid Society is a volunteer income tax assistance (VITA) program that’s been successfully offering tax and financial services to taxpayers and small businesses in Detroit and southeast Michigan for the past 45 years. In that time, our services have returned over $400 million in tax refunds to individuals and small businesses in Wayne, Oakland, Macomb and Livingston counties. As a result, we’ve been named a “Best-Managed Nonprofit” by Crain’s Detroit Business, a Neighborhood Builder by Bank of America, and we received a Governor’s Service Award for Outstanding Volunteer Program.

Our mission is to help our clients gain control of their finances. We start by helping them file their taxes. For many of us, tax season is an unavoidable chore. But for our clients, who are underserved and often struggling to make ends meet, even one small mistake on their tax forms could deprive them of critical tax refunds. We believe that everyone should have access to competent and trustworthy tax and financial advice. This is why we work with our community to guide our clients through the tax system and turn a stressful process into an opportunity for them to take control of their money and their future.
