SUMMARY
The Data Governance Analyst performs analytical tasks necessary to develop recommendations to refine methodologies, procedures, processes and controls necessary to minimize the liability, risk and cost of retaining hardcopy and electronic data. Assists with the development of practice area and administrative department work practices to promote greater utilization and efficient management of electronic records.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Provide assistance to professional staff with the reviewing, organizing and processing of email, documents, files and other information, including incoming file and data transfers, file releases, document access requests, and document/records disposition.
Draft process controls, test plans and assessment criteria to measure compliance with established processes.
Provide support to professional staff with a variety of data, file, document and email projects. Major components of these functions include document review and data migration into the correct repositories as directed by department manager.
Document, analyze, and assess current records, email and file management processes. Identify issues and potential risks. Analyze potential benefits and risks of alternatives; measure the impact of planned changes; and provide justification for the recommended solution.
Conduct analysis in response to requests to evaluate document security. Take necessary action to update document security as appropriate.
Prepare recommendations for the design or reengineering of processes and procedures to facilitate compliance with records and information management program requirements.
Move, tag, and set the appropriate security settings on electronic documents. Conduct initial investigation into alerts triggered by potentially inappropriate document exports.
Assist with the review of output from periodic scans of documents in the document management system.
Support the process for document entitlement reviews in accordance with client requirements.
Assist with file release, destruction, and electronic workspace organization projects in accordance with department policies and procedures.
Contribute to presentations or written reports describing recommendations to process or system owners.
Assist with development of change management programs and implementation plans needed to comply with records and information management program requirements.
Stay abreast of leading practices for the creation, use, maintenance and disposition of records.
Prepare status reports and compile statistics on projects. Create or update spreadsheets, pivot-tables and other relevant report metrics.
Occasional travel may be needed between offices.
REQUIREMENTS
2+ years of experience in a Data Governance, Information Governance or other relevant IT Governance/Risk/Compliance (GRC) type of role
Associate degree, but preferably a Bachelor's Degree is preferred
NICE TO HAVES
Experience working with Document Management Systems
Experience working for a professional services firm
