Budget Analyst, Department of Athletics


Apply now
Posting #: 139
Position Status: Full-time regular
Location: San Diego
Position Type: Athletics, Administrator
Position Title & Department:

Budget Analyst, Department of Athletics
Posting #

139
University Description:

The University of San Diego, a contemporary and engaged Roman Catholic institution, was founded by the Diocese of San Diego and the Society of the Sacred Heart in 1949. Governed by an independent board of trustees since 1972, USD remains committed to a liberal arts education grounded in the Catholic intellectual tradition and the pursuit of truth, goodness and beauty. Inspired by this centuries old tradition of Catholic higher education, the University welcomes people of all faith traditions and any, or no, religious background. The future success of USD relies on the contributions of those who seek to foster the development of engaged global citizens and an earnest confrontation of humanity’s urgent challenges.
Detailed Description:

The Budget Analyst supports the Senior Associate Director of Athletics for Administration in establishing, monitoring, and maintaining the university’s operating budget. The Budget Analyst collects, reviews, and analyzes data used in the budget planning process. This position analyzes and communicates budget trends, deficits, and surpluses on a timely basis to budget administrators, and keeps the Associate VP for Athletics & Senior Associate apprised of significant budget issues. The Budget Analyst prepares and disseminates routine operating budget reports; monitors departmental compliance to budgets; and provides assistance to departments as needed. The Budget Analyst will serve as a budget and administrative resource for the Department of Intercollegiate Athletics and will provide lead technical support to the Senior Associate Athletic Director for Administration. The Budget Analyst uses independent judgment, proactively identifies issues and makes suggestions for resolution; troubleshoots problems, makes recommendations, and handles highly confidential matters and materials in a time-sensitive environment. The Budget Analyst oversees 21 operating, 45 restricted, and 5 endowment accounts.

General supervision from Senior Associate Director of Athletics for Administration. Directly supervises dedicated student workers and dedicated intern.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Budget Administration
Analyzes and communicates budget trends, deficits, and surpluses to budget administrators. Keeps the Senior Associate apprised of significant budget issues.
Analyze monthly financial reports comparing actuals to budget ensuring accuracy. Discuss monthly activity with coaches and department heads to ensure expenses are in-line with budget.
Analyzes trends, costs, revenues, financial commitments and obligations incurred to predict future revenues and expenses.
Interprets data and responsible for tracking and general budget oversight of all athletics accounts, including salary, operating, restricted, revenue, and endowment accounts.
Implements internal controls and maintains accountability of the Athletics Business Office.
Analyzes expenditures, identifies problems and discrepancies and makes corrections with journal entries and budget appropriations.
Compiles data from statistical studies and analyzes past and current organizational financial performance to assist with executive decision-making.
Designs, develops, and conducts special studies in the assigned areas of fiscal operations. Interprets fiscal rules and policies and recommends new and improved programs.
Review and analyze processes as needed to identify areas for improvement and implement solutions.
Reconciles monthly ticket office revenues with Ticket Office staff.
Prepares detailed monthly financial reports for athletics accounts, and forecasts future departmental needs. Works closely with the Senior Associate AD for Administration, the Associate VP for Athletics and the divisional Budget and Administrative Manager.
Tracks special, one-time special fund distributions from the NCAA and West Coast Conference to ensure expenditures are appropriate and compliant.
Maintains updated and accurate list of Oracle authorized signers and key members.
Sets up new accounts and tasks in Oracle.
Purchasing and Accounts Payable
Supervises student workers and intern to processes complex One Card logs and expense reports, including extensive recruiting and team travel for 21 sports and budget areas. Screens and evaluates logs and reports for policy compliance.
Processes electronic purchase requisitions via Oracle and coordinates payment of purchase orders, invoices and accounts payable functions.
Processes petty cash vouchers, check requests, advances and game starting cash for 21 sports and areas.
Maintains extensive back-up files.
Problem solves accounts payable questions via Oracle, phone calls and file research.
Coordinates department One Card program.
Educates Athletic Department personnel to ensure compliance with department and University accounts payable and procurement policies and procedures.
Athletic Aid, Cell phones, visiting team travel, relocation
Process/coordinate team holiday and intersession meal funding through the AAID account.
Process/coordinate special student educational, health, safety, and family expenses through the SAOF account.
Act as department liaison with Residential Life and Dining Services for teams required to be on campus during Intersession, Summer Session and holidays.
Cell Phones - Works closely with Telecom and Verizon Wireless to set up and administer athletic department cell phone plans.

Visiting Team Travel - Acts as liaison with Athletic Department preferred/sponsored hotel partners and coordinates hotel accommodations for qualified visiting teams.

Relocation - Coordinates Athletic Department’s relocation assistance program. Works closely with new employees, procurement, and accounts payable to ensure compliance within University and departmental policies, procedures, and budget constraints.
Job Requirements:

Minimum and Preferred:
Bachelor’s Degree required. Accounting or business degree preferred.
Three years’ experience working with budgets, accounting, and/or office administration.
Experience building relationships with a variety of personalities and personal styles.
CPA Preferred (Certified Public Accountant)
PERFORMANCE EXPECTATIONS: KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Ability to work independently and effectively with minimal supervision.
Ability to problem-solve in an effective and positive manner, working from a solution-oriented, positive approach.
Ability to project, organize and administer budgets, and analyze and interpret financial data.
Excellent interpersonal skills to interact and work with a broad range of people, using tact and diplomacy.
Must possess flexibility and versatility; able to perform in new, changing, or pressure situations; willing to try new and different methods or procedures and contribute to evolving work situations.
Excellent communication skills, both orally and in writing.
Strong organizational skills with ability to handle several major projects simultaneously.
Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with a variety of department and university stakeholders.
Ability to anticipate needs and potential problems.
Ability to maintain the confidentiality of information regarding students and employees as required by University policy and FERPA regulations.
Understanding of NCAA and conference rules and regulations.
Special Conditions of Employment:
Must be able to work flexible hours including weekends and evenings as needed for department events.
Successful completion of required background checks.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS

CPR certification required for compliance with department regulations.

Background check: Successful completion of a pre-employment background check.

Degree Verification Requirement: Persons offered employment in this position will be required to provide official education transcripts for degree verification purposes.
Posting Salary:

Commensurate with experience; Excellent Benefits.

The University of San Diego offers a very competitive benefits package, to include medical, dental, vision, a 12% retirement contribution given to you by the University (with three year vesting period), and access to on-campus Fitness Centers. Please visit the benefits section of our website to view all of the perks and benefits that USD has to offer. USD: Human Resources: Benefits
Special Application Instructions:

Click Apply Now to complete our online application. In addition, please upload a cover letter and resume to your application profile for the hiring managers’ review. If you have any questions or difficulties please contact the Employment Services Team at 619-260-6806, or email us at jobs@sandiego.edu
Additional Details:

Hours: 40 hours per week; Monday - Friday. 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.

Closing date: Open Until Filled

Note: External job postings will be up for at least five days. After that time, applications will be reviewed by the hiring manager/committee throughout the posting period. A candidate may be selected at any time which could then close this posting on a date earlier than listed.

The University of San Diego is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and is especially interested in candidates who can contribute to the diversity and excellence of the campus community.

The University of San Diego is a smoking and tobacco-free campus. For more information, visit www.sandiego.edu/smokefree.

Advertised: July 31, 2018 Pacific Daylight Time
Applications close: Open until filled

Back to search results Apply now Refer a friend
Share this:
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email


|
AddThisMore

Send me jobs like these
We will email you new jobs that match this search.

Great, we can send you jobs like this, if this is your first time signing up, please check your inbox to confirm your subscription.

The email address was invalid, please check for errors.

You must agree to the privacy statement

Subscribe

Recaptcha

Privacy agreement

Search Results

Position
Position Type
Posting #
Closes

Technology Department Manager Student Affairs, Administrator 2647 July 24, 2020
This Technology Department Manager supervises, plans, organizes, and oversees the operations and
functions of the Technology Department, is responsible for purchasing all technology related products, and develops marketing strategies to achieve sales
and service goals; maintains and ensures a high level of customer service.
Assistant Coach Men's Basketball Athletics, Administrator 2625 Open until filled
The Assistant Coach for Men's Basketball assists in the development and implementation of both the educational and the athletic components of the NCAA Division I program. This position also assists in creating and implementing the general business operations of the program.
Registered Nurse, Per Diem; Student Health Center University Wellness, Staff 2635 Open until filled
This is a part-time temporary position with an anticipated assignment end date of May 31, 2021.
The role of the Registered Nurse in working with students and the responsibilities of the position are significantly tethered in the university's contemporary Roman Catholic mission.
Medical Assistant; Student Health Center University Wellness, Staff 2609 Open until filled
The MA performs a variety of medical procedures at a skilled professional level in caring for the students of the University of San Diego.
Patient Service Representative; Student Health Center University Wellness, Staff 2610 Open until filled
The Patient Service Representative confidentially evaluates customer requests for medical care based upon the urgency/severity of the illness/injury and determines who they should be scheduled with; a medical provider, triage nurse or medical assistant based on knowledge and understanding of detailed medical scheduling guidelines and medical terminology while strictly adhering to federal and state confidentiality laws.
Professor of Practice and Director of the Data Science Center Shiley-Marcos School of Engineering, Faculty 2621 Open until filled
The University of San Diego (USD) seeks to hire a Professor of Practice and Director of the Data Science Center to help with the development of new curricula in data science. Under the supervision of the Dean of Engineering and guided by a data science advisory board, the experienced data science professional will work with the computer science department, as well as other USD departments, to develop curricula, such as a data science minor, that would be applicable to many of USD’s undergraduate level students. Other courses may also be developed that enhance applied interdisciplinary data science learning for students including professional master's level students. Additional engagement may include industry partner outreach and project mentoring, and applied data science research.
Executive Assistant I; Kroc Institute for Peace and Justice Joan B. Kroc School of Peace Studies, Staff 2620 Open until filled
Support all operations, administrative, and budgetary support functions of the Kroc IPJ.
Executive Assistant I to Director of Admissions and Student Services; School of Nursing School of Nursing and Health Science, Staff 2594 Open until filled
The Executive Assistant serves as general administrative support and key point of contact for the Office of Admissions and Student Services.
Program Coordinator, Online Degree Programs; Professional & Continuing Education Continuing Education, Staff 2607 Open until filled
The Program Coordinator provides second-level support to students desiring assistance with any course, program and degree offered through Professional and Continuing Education if the Student Service Center is unable to resolve the issue.
Adjunct Faculty, Computer Science Shiley-Marcos School of Engineering, Faculty 2608 August 15, 2020
The Computer Science Department at the University of San Diego (USD) is looking to hire an adjunct instructor in the Fall 2020 semester to teach introductory programming in Python.
Head Woman's Softball Coach Athletics, Administrator 2597 Open until filled
The head softball coach is responsible for all administrative and organizational aspects of the given sport program within the mission of the University and its philosophy of Intercollegiate Athletics. The head softball coach will hold academic requirements and pursuits as a matter of highest priority and will actively encourage student-athletes to succeed academically and acquire a degree. The head softball coach directly supervises two assistant coaches, a volunteer coach, the student athletes in the softball program, student workers who function as grounds keepers in any given year.
Program Assistant, Online Degree Programs; Professional & Continuing Education Continuing Education, Staff 2577 Open until filled
This recruitment is open to current University of San Diego employees only. Only current USD employees are eligible to apply and be considered for this position.

The Program Assistant provides administrative support to all individuals seeking information and assistance with degree programs offered through Professional and Continuing Education and partner schools.
Dean, School of Law School of Law, Administrator 2593 Open until filled
The University of San Diego is seeking a visionary dean for its School of Law. Candidates must be knowledgeable of current trends in legal education and possess the imagination and the willingness to shape the future; at the same time, be unflinching in their commitment to the academic mission and values of USD Law, including high quality scholarship and teaching. Candidates must also be knowledgeable of the current legal job market and anticipated legal market shifts. They should have a strong desire to develop the excellence of the faculty, to recruit and support promising students, and to promote diversity, equity, and inclusion within the Law School.
Nursing and Health Sciences Librarian Copley Library, Faculty 2561 Open until filled
The University of San Diego’s Copley Library seeks an energetic and enthusiastic individual for a 12-month tenure-track Nursing and Health Sciences Librarian position. Reporting to the Dean of the University Library, the Nursing and Health Science Librarian serves as the embedded liaison with an office in the beautiful Hahn School of Nursing and Health Science. The Hahn School is a community of progressive scholars in an intellectually rigorous, research intensive environment. It includes the Beyster Institute of Nursing Research and the Dickinson Nursing Simulation Center and offers the following programs: Master’s of Science in Health Care Informatics, Master’s Entry Program in Nursing, Master’s of Science in Nursing, Doctor of Philosophy in Nursing, Doctor of Nursing Practice, Certificate Programs, and International Programs. The School serves 450 students and has 23 full time faculty and 123 part-time faculty members. For more information about the Hahn School see https://www.sandiego.edu/nursing/
Mail Specialist; Mail Center Mail Center, Staff 2392 Open until filled
The Mail Specialist is responsible for the accurate and expedient sorting of all incoming mail, and parcels and is accountable for the delivery of those items to various departments on campus.
Associate University Chaplain; University Ministry Mission and Ministry, Administrator 2341 Open until filled
The University of San Diego is searching for an ordained Catholic priest in good standing with his local Ordinary and/or Religious Superior to join the University Ministry team beginning in July of 2020.
Parking Services Enforcer Assistant; Parking Services Parking Services, Staff 2317 Open until filled
This is a part-time, temporary assignment with an anticipated end date of December 20, 2020.
Perform a variety of duties within the Department of Parking Services Office.
Game-Day Tic
