As a Business Analyst working within the Data Services Team you will serve a key role for our outsourcing business by serving as the link between external clients, internal client team, and inbound data management. You will contribute to the implementation of data conversion and import ensuring high quality data integrity and integration.

Note: Employment-based non-immigrant visa sponsorship and/or assistance is not offered for this specific job opportunity.

The Role

A Few Select Responsibilities:
Update and maintain all requirements and specification documents, ensuring adherence to standards.
Participate in client and internal planning meetings, as required, for all assigned projects.
Effectively gather and document system requirements (while remaining cognizant of scope) by asking probing and clarifying questions, sharing best practices, and organizing client provided information and business rules.
Translate business requirements into technical specifications for application using standard documentation templates.
Responsible for system configuration based on client requirements.
Utilize technology (SQL, Excel, text editors) to identify and isolate issues, analyse data, uncover root causes, and automate solutions.
Create, maintain, and use test plans, including identifying comprehensive test scenarios, finding test cases, and developing expected results, for each component/change.
Ownership of issues through to closure including involving other team members and escalating to the team leads as required.
Identify reporting needs and requirements.
Work closely with team (i.e. other business analysts, software developers) to ensure project requirements/requests for changes are understood and within standards.
Provide guidance to other team members regarding data details and best/standard practices.
Provide guidance/assistance to team members where needed to help ensure issues are resolved by assigned due date.
Escalate concerns regarding deliverables and scope of work to team leads.
Train and help transition ongoing processing requirements to client team.
Research issues and cases to determine root cause and provide impact analysis for ongoing issues and changes and requests for new functionality.
Addresses all data issues that have downstream system impacts.
Assist team leads with project planning and or significant change orders.
The Requirements
A passion to work with data!
3 or more years of experience as a Business Analyst or Systems Analyst
Prior experience as a business analyst in a consulting environment preferred
Experience working on or with HRIS and conversion data
Understanding of the fundamentals of health and welfare and broader benefit plan design preferred
Experience with relational databases including SQL Server (preferred), Oracle or Access (applicable)
SQL and Excel Data Skills
Experience with test plan creation, testing procedures, and test plan execution
Strong analytical, integrative and problem-solving skills
Ability to understand business needs and complexities as they apply to the solutions at-hand
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Solid interpersonal skills and client service orientation
Ability to work both independently and in collaboration with others, including virtual work teams with members in different geographic regions
Prioritize the success of the team over individual goals
Strong organizational abilities and flexibility to recognize and shift focus to the highest priority tasks or support others on high priority work.
Familiarity with agile processes and tools is beneficial.
Sense of accountability, owning one’s work and taking pride in it; commitment to quality and continuous improvement
Desire to learn, accept new challenges, and have fun
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in business, management information systems, human resources management, benefits administration or related field
Ability to travel (minimally) and work extended hours as needed
EOE, including disability/vets
