Trilogy Behavioral Healthcare Inc. strongly believes that treatment services are more effective when provided in the client’s natural setting, hence, the majority of services provided are located in the community. Trilogy Behavioral Healthcare Inc. also employs a holistic approach to each client’s treatment and integrates all facets of our clients’ lives including mental/emotional health, physical health/wellness, employment and education, social and family relationships, substance use/abuse issues, and housing needs.
Typical services provided include case management, counseling/therapy, individual skills training, medication training, crisis intervention, linkage to community resources, advocacy, assessment, and treatment planning.
Trilogy is considered a Prime organization under the Comprehensive Class Member Program and provides support services to Williams and Colbert Class Members participating in the program. The Williams and Colbert Consent Decrees are two of the largest Olmstead settlements in Illinois, with over 24,000 Class Members. Through the settlements, the State of Illinois agreed to provide supports and services to help Class Members transition from institutional settings to live in the community. Class Members can live in the most integrated setting that meets their needs.
The Senior Data Analyst will be responsible for coordinating, managing, and reporting on all Class Member information for our Williams/Colbert program. They will create reports and dashboards in conjunction with the team; and engage with others to create tools that improve the quality of available information. The Senior Data Analyst will work closely with the Data Systems Manager, other Trilogy employees, and government, and non-government agencies to create and implement sustainable information sharing solutions and systems.

Responsible for all Class Member data provided by external sources/subcontractors. Distribute data to external parties and the state as needed
Develop processes and workflows that will ensure consistent stream of information given and provided
Create SQL queries and Excel processes to further improve reporting integrity and best practices.
Maintain pre-existing reports and revise as necessary
Establish good partnerships with external government and non-government partners
Conceptualize and implement information gathering/reporting systems based on stakeholder input, reevaluate and adjust as necessary
Perform other related duties and/or projects as assigned

Bachelor’s degree required; Master’s degree preferred
One to three years of experience working with databases
Willing to travel throughout Chicago to meet with partners and attend trainings
Ability to analyze and compile reports and correspondence; comprehend and make inferences from written material; interpret federal, state, and local government laws and regulations
Excellent communication skills including verbal, written, and interpersonal skills.
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Ability to work with various internal/external stakeholders, customers, clients, etc.
