Openings as of 7/12/2020
Senior Data Analyst JobID: 919
Position Type:
Network Team
Date Posted:
4/28/2020
Location:
Charter Managment Organization
Closing Date:
Until Filled
PURPOSE
LEARN Charter School Network, one of the nation’s premier elementary charter school programs, seeks a talented, focused, and analytical Senior Data Analyst. The Senior Data Analyst is a full time position responsible for managing and leveraging a data management system across LEARN’s network of 10 schools. LEARN seeks a highly skilled individual capable of balancing the technical integration of multiple data systems with the analytical capacity to help optimize network, school, teacher and student performance data.
The Senior Data Analyst will lead the management, analysis, and communication of student achievement data and school and network operations data. They will work in collaboration with the Data Project Manager to facilitate the Ed-Fi integration project. The Senior Data Analyst will create, implement, and refine educational data reporting that supports LEARN’s CEO, leadership, principals and teachers in applying evidence-based instructional practices and data-driven instruction. They will help develop dashboards for leadership and academic staff and participate in the selection of relevant and actionable metrics. They will maintain the student assessment database, and ensure the integrity of data and accuracy in reporting results. This position reports to the Data Project Manager with dotted line responsibility to the Chief of Schools.

Background
Founded in 2001, LEARN is a network of college prep public elementary schools that is creating measurable, transformational change in the lives of students from underinvested neighborhoods. The mission of LEARN is to provide our scholars with the academic foundation and ambition to earn a college degree. We are fulfilling that mission every day by outperforming district schools in every key metric including more than double the number of college graduates compared with district, state and national averages.

We educate 4,000 PK-8th grade students across 10 campuses in Chicago and Lake County, IL. We serve a majority low-income, minority student population (86% and 98%, respectively), most of whom will be the first in their families to attend college. In addition, LEARN has developed a highly effective program to serve both military and civilian families at its Great Lakes Naval Academy location in Waukegan, IL. LEARN’s success in serving the unique needs of military families has led to its national expansion to Washington D.C. effective fall 2021.
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES/OUTCOMES % TIME SPENT
Data Management
Responsibility for assembling, analyzing and optimizing student achievement data and school operations data
Student assessment database management
Curriculum standards database management
Fulfilling all student assessment, and operations data requests and other data queries
Compile, upload, and maintain MAP class rosters
Conduct periodic data-cleansing initiatives for the purpose of purging and eliminating corrupt, inaccurate, outdated or redundant information from LEARN databases.
Identify and ensure the resolution of data quality issues, such as uniqueness, integrity, accuracy, consistency, and completeness, in a cost-effective and timely manner.
Apply appropriate security measures to protect student information and insure that LEARN’s data processes comply with all relevant city, state and federal laws related to student data.
25%
Project Management
Help identify and recommend which school, teacher and student metrics correlate most closely to improved student outcomes.
Creation of dashboards that highlight relevant and actionable metrics for teachers, school, CMO staff, LEARN leadership and its Board of Directors
Support the integration of LEARN data systems in to the Ed-Fi platform.
Supervise the integration of vendors who do not currently have an Ed-Fi interface, including:
Paycom will be our new human resources information system, and will house all talent acquisition, management and payroll information. We expect Paycom to be operational by winter 2021.
Financial Edge is LEARN’s accounting software.
Tableau, LEARN’s interim dashboard system.
25%
Education Technology Development
Creation and refinement of Google Classrooms E-assessments
Develop and pilot the PowerSchool Assessment Module in tandem with the Applications Support Specialist
Creation and maintenance of Teaching and Learning website
Refinement of the Frontline teacher coaching and evaluation system
Upload and maintenance of teacher accounts in Frontline
25%
Training and Professional Development
LEARN data management training for new teachers and leaders
Ed-Fi network wide training
MAP training for new teachers
Frontline training for leaders and teachers
Google Tools training for teachers (Google Classroom, E-Assessments, General Google for Education, Research Databases)
Lead DDI Trainings and Summer Professional Development sessions, as needed
Develop, document and train staff on best practices in data storage and management and monitor compliance
25%

REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS

Education, Training and/or Experience
A Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science or Statistics degree or a related field
1+ years of data analysis, SQL inquiries across multiple platforms, preferably within an academic setting
Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Personal Characteristics
Strong analytical skills and an inquiring mind
Ability to use spreadsheet and data analysis software to understand and communicate data trends
Relentless attention to detail and commitment to quality
Ability to work independently, efficiently, and manage competing priorities
Comfort with transparency and sharing and receiving feedback
Data literacy, proven ability to describe analytical approaches/options to a non-technical audience
Experience reconciling data from disparate sources and systems
A strong team player with a history of working effectively on inter-disciplinary teams
Results oriented with the ability to anticipate and overcome challenges, persevere and meet goals
A passionate commitment to serving at risk families
PHYSICAL DEMANDS/TRAVEL

Requires the ability to operate standard business office equipment and an ability to communicate and exchange information over the phone and in-person. May require some day travel by car to school campuses.

WORKING CONDITIONS
The work environment is a collaborative work space in an office/school building. There may be occasional work before or after regularly scheduled office hours for meetings with school and network leaders.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS/COMPETENCIES
Must be able to work in a fast paced environment with multiple competing priorities.
Must be able to maintain and provide a high level of service for schools and CMO partners.
Must be able to translate complex data analysis into actionable recommendations for teams to make decisions.
This job description is not intended to be a complete list of all responsibilities, duties or skills required for the job and is subject to review and change at any time, with or without notice, in accordance with the needs of LEARN Charter School Network. Since no job description can detail all the duties and responsibilities that may be required from time to time in the performance of a job, duties and responsibilities that may be inherent in a job, reasonably required for its performance, or required due to the changing nature of the job shall also be considered part of the jobholder’s responsibility.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, family medical history, disability or veteran status.
