Department:

13900_87000 Development Office

Expected Weekly Hours:

40

Shift:

Day Shift

Position Purpose:

Job Description Details:

Under general supervision and acting on their own initiative, the Operations Associate - Data Analyst supports the Office of Philanthropy through the entry, analysis and reporting of donor and prospect data from various sources to advance fundraising initiatives. This position also functions as one of the subject matter experts for the Trinity Health Donor Data Management application (Blackbaud CRM) in the Office of Philanthropy.

In addition, this positions provides support and backup to the team for diverse operational duties including gift processing, donor acknowledgements and correspondence, data entry, tracking department schedules, extracting/analyzing data and workflow, planning and organization of meeting and events, and coordinating office operations. S/he will serve as a liaison between the Office and internal and external constituencies. Assignments involve work of a confidential nature and require a thorough knowledge of Office and Health Systems processes and procedures.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Test and deploy custom reports, database queries, exports, Key Performance Indicators (KPI) dashboards within Philanthropy information systems. Acquires data from primary or secondary data sources while maintaining databases. Filter and "clean" data acquired by reports and queries, prioritized by fundraising needs.
Performs all aspects of data entry and gift processing Xeroxing, depositing, batch entry, and producing reports for all gifts. Generates acknowledgments, receipts, batch reports and special letters in a timely manner and proofreads for accuracy. Updates database with information by team members and data health and accuracy tasks. Manages reporting and acknowledgements for memorial/honor programs.
Composes, prepares, proofs and edits internal and outgoing correspondence and reports. Word processes or types and distributes a variety of material such as correspondence, memoranda, reports, charts, schedules, minutes, etc.
Responds to matters in connection with executive leadership, physicians and Health System departments, including administrative detail while acting under general supervision or on own initiative. Performs expediting, problem-solving and service support to organizational and outside contacts as required. Refers information and/or questions to responsible individual as required.
Initiates and tracks workflow, calendars, schedules, and projects through the Department to ensure paperwork is complete and appropriate, and that follow up responses and/or services are provided in a timely fashion. Prepares and processes invoices, expense reports, and personnel and payroll forms as needed/directed.
Organizes and follows up on plans for meetings: coordinates with participants; prepares, assembles and distributes meeting information/material; sets up/oversees meeting logistics including rooms, equipment and catering as needed. Attends meetings and participates on committees as directed. Takes, organized and types meeting minutes as required.
Reviews and answers mail and inquires on own initiative, where appropriate, and determines within established guidelines if executive action is required. Researches background information necessary for required action or follow up.
Deals discretely with sensitive, confidential information concerning professional and personal performances of staff and information concerning donors contained in minutes, correspondence, memoranda and other documents.
Sets up and organizes files and record retentions systems. Maintains files and security of confidential information, e.g., patient medical records, hospital financial information, salaries, staff and legal information or a confidential nature. Maintains office equipment and supplies.
Supports the office operations of the Department through other duties as needed.
MINIMUM EDUCATION AND/OR WORK EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree preferred, High School diploma or equivalent required. At least four years of related experience preferred.
Proficiency in word processing and Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) applications required.
Ability to work basic mathematical calculations; understand/use computerized data information.
Knowledge of Blackbaud CRM or similar donor database software required.
Highly professional appearance/presentation required.
Excellent grammar/language skills.
QUALIFICATIONS

The attributes of ideal candidates for this position include:
Team and service oriented
Advanced verbal skills
Critical thinking
Ability to work with and analyze data
Interest in and understanding of fundraising and philanthropy
An engaging personality and telephone manner
A personality oriented to exceptional customer service and sincere enjoyment of

interactions with a variety of people
Significant attention to detail
Understands and appreciates process
Exceptionally well organized
Office skills (software, database, composition, editing, proofreading, etc.)
Ability to multitask
Self-starter who consistently takes initiative
Trinity Health's Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

Trinity Health employs about 133,000 colleagues at dozens of hospitals and hundreds of health centers in 22 states. Because we serve diverse populations, our colleagues are trained to recognize the cultural beliefs, values, traditions, language preferences, and health practices of the communities that we serve and to apply that knowledge to produce positive health outcomes. We also recognize that each of us has a different way of thinking and perceiving our world and that these differences often lead to innovative solutions.

Trinity Health's dedication to diversity includes a unified workforce (through training and education, recruitment, retention and development), commitment and accountability, communication, community partnerships, and supplier diversity.
