Job Summary

The Senior Analyst in the Payer and Provider Solutions department is accountable to help drive data analytics for high-profile, strategic and operational initiatives. The right candidate will work on the Data Analytics team to provide information that is used in decision making such as: provider targeting and effectiveness, contracting strategy, geographical payer impacts that directly benefits Walgreens bottom line. This is an excellent opportunity for the right person. This role has visibility and works cross-functionally with market access sales, specialty sales, contracting, regional operations, marketing and various strategy teams. The ideal candidate is a self-starter, inquisitive, and not afraid to tackle a new problem without having all the parameters, while being able to deliver timely results. Being open to new learning and not afraid to question existing systems is paramount. Ability to work with cross-functional teams is a must.

Job Responsibilities
Assists with delivering and anticipating sales support needs to facilitate communication between Business Units; supports functions and segments to facilitate client relationships and enhance sales effectiveness activities including strategic client reviews or needs.
Analyze and interpret external and qualitative factors that affect sales performance, provide insights to sales management.
Collaborate with Sales Operations Management and coordinate information / processes with key business functions (Finance, Marketing, MCO and IT). The primary focus is on translating the business strategy to the sales force.
Conduct analysis that defines the customer segments, their potential and priority, and track their performance.
Supports the identification, calculation, and analysis of various metrics to measure the performance and effectiveness of the sales force.
Provides key data analysis utilized in making strategic business decisions.
Collaborate with sales operations management and conduct analysis that defines the key performance indicators for the sales force in the areas of targets, sales frequency plans, reach, and sales goals. Coordinate implementation with Incentive Compensation and Sales Analytics.
Coordinate with Sales Operations Management to determine the optimal sales force size and structure for future business change.
Mentor and train sales operations analysts and coordinators.
Walgreens, one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., the first global pharmacy-led, health and wellbeing enterprise. More than 10 million customers interact with Walgreens each day in communities across America, using the most convenient, multichannel access to consumer goods and services and trusted, cost-effective pharmacy, health and wellness services and advice. Walgreens operates 8,175 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Walgreens omnichannel business includes Walgreens.com. Approximately 400 Walgreens stores offer Healthcare Clinic or other provider retail clinic services.
As the neighborhood drugstore and retailer, our goal is to make health and happiness simpler, easier and within reach. And we remain a trusted wellness provider offering convenient access to important health services, such as immunizations and an array of pharmacy services that can help patients improve their health. To our team members, Walgreens represents a unique opportunity to excel in their careers in a welcoming and inclusive environment. We offer the chance to work in a truly supportive environment, and be a part of a progressive organization dedicated to the well-being of our customers, team members and the communities we all call home.

Basic Qualifications
Bachelors Degree and at least 3 years of experience in sales operations/analysis, or in an analytical role OR High School Diploma/GED and at least 6 years of experience in sales operations/analysis, or in an analytical role.
Experience using time organization skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates.
Experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.
Experience in diagnosing, isolating, and resolving issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems.
Experience collaborating with internal and external resources to conduct analyses that meet department goals within budget and established timelines.
Experience establishing and maintaining relationships with team members at all levels of the organization, in the business community and with vendors.
Advanced level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using AVERAGE function, merging and centering cells, printing centered page and/or creating a pivot table).
Advanced level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: changing picture styles, customizing animation and/or setting automatic slide timings).
Advanced level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: adding developer tab, creating a macro, formatting table style, inserting comments and/or creating a mail merge).
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors degree with 5 years of business experience
Minimum 2 years experience writing SQL
Multi-tasking. Work in environment with changing demands needing to reprioritize goals
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Experinece with SQL, SAS(preferred), BI tools, data modeling
