Senior Marketing Data Analyst | Multi-Family Real Estate | Chicago, IL Our highly successful real estate asset management firm is hiring an experienced Senior Marketing Data Analyst in their Chicago HQ office. The Sr. Marketing Data Analyst will hold responsibility for the development and management of reporting for global marketing trends, channel performance for both traditional and digital environments, financial analysis, and vendor performance in support of the marketing department, asset management, supporting departments and BX. This role will manage preferred partner (vendor) relationship and participate in the vetting and selection of these partners in support of the Marketing Director. The Sr. Marketing Data Analyst will report on financial performance of marketing spend and ROI as well as manage accounting and GL related procedures. Client company is offering highly competitive salary, bonus and benefit package.

Send resume and cover letter to: laura@esquire-recruiting.com

Benefits:

Excellent Benefits

Compensation:
$75,000 to $85,000 plus bonus
Responsibilities:
Provide reporting in a timely and accurate manner to marketing director, asset managers, executive leadership and other key stakeholders as may be determined.
Communicate analyses to key stakeholders within LivCor so that informed key strategic decisions may be made.
Manage reporting of marketing channel performance as related to cost per lead, cost per lease, conversion performance, and channel selection.
Extract, analyze, and report on digital marketing performance though Google Analytics, digital marketing reports and systems, and data site-crawl tools.
Develop and support the marketing department budget structures and general support of annual asset budget review, analysis, and adjustment.
Manage day to day accounting processes as related to marketing department managed GLs including, but not limited to, chart of accounts mapping, reclassing of expenses, and relationship management with external accounting team.
Maintain marketing department reporting structures and tools including, but not limited to, Oracle PBCS, Real Page BI, Rentlytics, Siteimprove, and Google Analytics.
Retrieve and analyze financial and operational data from, Oracle PBCS, Rentlytics, Real Page BI, Yardi, YieldStar, OneSite, Axiometrics, and other sources as may be determined.
Maintain subject matter expertise in topics including, but not limited to, digital marketing, website analytics, website structure support, industry standard technologies, etc.
Manage a platform, reporting, and action strategy for online reputation management at a portfolio, operating partner, and other grouped levels.
Develop productive working relationship with primary customer/end user of information to include the asset managers, department heads, operating partners and other key stakeholders.
Perform special ad hoc projects and analysis on a frequent basis.
Play primary role in management of marketing preferred technology providers as well as supporting the marketing director in the analysis and vetting of new and alternative preferred technology providers and vendors.
Manage the tactical deployment of preferred vendor systems and initiatives across assets and various operating partners.
Develop and manage vendor performance reporting.
Some travel required. Travel would be oriented around vendor relationships and industry related conferences/knowledge acquisition opportunities.
Requirements (Required):
A minimum of three (3) years’ work experience in data analysis and digital/traditional marketing.
Thorough understanding of digital marketing technologies, IP targeting, re-targeting, GEO fencing, email campaigns and digital nurturing campaigns
Strong analytical skills with a deep knowledge of and mastery of Excel.
A strong work ethic, the strength to thrive in a dynamic and demanding work environment and an ability to meet critical deadlines.
Excellent oral and written communication skills as well as design-oriented report development experience.
Requirements (Preferred):
Prior marketing agency experience and/or multifamily marketing management.
Prior experience with real estate budgeting/forecasting processes and systems.
Experience working at a publicly traded real estate, institutional financial services, or public/private equity firm preferred. In addition, experience in REIT performance metrics and reporting preferred.
Other Skills and Abilities:

Minimum of 3 years of experience in multifamily real estate marketing required. A focus in analysis preferred. Candidate must be proficient in Excel, online research, and knowledge of marketing plans. Candidate must have proven track record of providing high quality support and completing tasks.

Work Hours: 8:30 to 5:00
