A sales analyst evaluates and identifies trends in sales by analyzing industry data, from both within a company and outside. This involves collecting and examining data and using the information gathered to create coherent, intelligent reports, then presenting your reports to your team and to management. A successful sales analyst will also be highly motivated, a self-starter and a great team player. High standards and attention to detail are a must in order to produce quality work.

Job Overview

Example Co. is one of the leading companies in our field in the area. We're proud of our 3.6 rating on Glassdoor from our employees. We are hiring a talented Sales Analyst professional to join our team. If you're excited to be part of a winning team, Example Co. is a great place to grow your career. You'll be glad you applied to Example Co.

Responsibilities for Sales Analyst
compile and analyze data over time to forecast sales trends
communicate with management team regularly
review past sales data to determine trends in productivity
prepare accurate reports using data from internal and external sources
evaluate third-party data to determine best practices for company success
present actionable information and insights to team members and management
gather and analyze data in order to understand problems and address them proactively
collaborate with team members and members of other departments
Qualifications for Sales Analyst
bachelor's degree in accounting, marketing or finance
strong knowledge of word processing, spreadsheet, database and presentation software
advanced problem-solving and analysis skills
superior oral and written communication skills
high level of organization and detail-orientation
strong work ethic and willingness to take initiative
good attitude toward teamwork as well as the ability to work independently
demonstrated ability to multitask and prioritize
excellent time management
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $11.00 - $14.00 per hour

Benefits:
Flexible Schedule
Schedule:

8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
Gloves, Face Masks, Temparature Check and Maintaining social distance

Education:
High school or equivalent (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Dependable -- more reliable than spontaneous
People-oriented -- enjoys interacting with people and working on group projects
Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
Innovative -- prefers working in unconventional ways or on tasks that require creativity
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
Work Remotely:
No
