The Sr. Sales Operations & Data Analyst is a critical role within Commercial Operations, responsible for delivering and maintaining the necessary sales analytics, data, incentive compensation (IC), and operational support for Xeris. Measures sales force performance and provides analytical insights in collaboration with key business partners to achieve commercial objectives and to support data-driven business and sales strategies.

Sales Operations:
Supports the execution of key activities within the Sales Operations department including the following:
Customer Targeting: Supports the field force call planning cycle by using of a variety of data sources to identify relevant HCP and account targets, enlisting input from the field, creating actionable target lists for the sales force, and tracking/measuring sales force adherence to the target list.
Territory Alignments: Supports efforts to optimize and update territory alignments utilizing a vendor or mapping software.
Sub-national Analytics: Performs relevant assessments at the territory or regional level to identify areas of over/under performance, opportunities and insights.
Assists with the implementation of the field sales IC plans and IC contests. Ensures accuracy of incentive compensation calculations and delivery on a timely basis. Coordinates IC meetings, agenda, summaries and signature processes.
Maintains comprehensive IC plan documentation in accordance with Xeris policies and procedures. Creates and delivers periodic training and sales force communications to foster a greater understanding of the IC plans.
Delivers fact-based recommendations on ways to improve operational practices and processes to increase overall sales force success.
Sales Cycle and Data Operations:
Manages the ongoing sales operations cycle (physician add/drop, incentive compensation quota setting, sales to quota reporting, etc.) in partnership with sales leadership and the field sales force.
Maintains collaborative relationships with external data providers including IQVIA, , Breakaway Partners, Asembia etc. to identify and resolve data issues and conduct data investigations as necessary.
Drives the Data Operations and Master Data Management functions to deliver accurate and reliable data and operational support to stakeholders across the organization.
Carries out overall vision and strategy for advancing commercial data governance and stewardship.
Monitors the accuracy and efficient distribution of sales and incentive compensation reports.
Leads the ongoing “Cycle Operations” process, from obtaining Sales forecast to Call Planning to IC Payout.
Leads HCP and HCO Master Data Management and Stewardship functions, and related initiatives.
Collaborates with other Xeris department colleagues to proactively identify and resolve various data and operational issues.
Acts as a consultant during incident resolution and problem management/root cause analysis efforts.
Supports ad hoc projects (reporting, analyses, etc.) and other tasks as needed.

Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Marketing or related field required; Master’s Degree a plus.
Minimum 3-5 years of experience in the branded pharmaceutical industry, with relevant experience in sales operations, data analysis, and decision support
Experience supporting new-to-market pharmaceutical products preferred
Familiarity with various data systems such as IQVIA, Veeva, etc.
Expert level experience with Microsoft Office, including Excel
Competencies: Attention to Detail, Project Management, Organizational skills, Self-Starter, Independent Judgement, Teamwork/Collaboration, Professionalism and Discretion, Interpersonal skills, Written and Verbal Communication skills
Position may require periodic evening and weekend work, as necessary to fulfill obligations. Requires approximately 10% travel, including some overnight commitments.
