About Retail Business Services
Retail Business Services, LLC, is the services company of Ahold Delhaize USA, currently providing services to five East Coast grocery brands, including Food Lion, The GIANT Company, Giant Food, Hannaford and Stop & Shop. Retail Business Services leverages the scale of the local brands to drive synergies and provides industry-leading expertise, insights and analytics to local brands to support their strategies with services including Information Technology, Merchandising, Marketing & Sourcing Services, Private Brand Products, Pharmacy Services, Not for Resale, Store Services, Financial Services, Legal Services, Communications, Supply Chain and People Systems and Services. Retail Business Services operates across seven campuses in the Greater Charlotte, Harrisburg, D.C., Portland, Boston and Chicago Areas. For more information, visit www.retailbusinessservices.com. To stay updated with the latest news, follow Retail Business Services on LinkedIn (@Retail-Business-Services) and Twitter (@RBServicesNews).

Position Summary:
The Data Science Systems Analyst plays a critical role in the industrialization of data science initiatives across the organization. Engages with Data Science teams through the entire lifecycle of all the projects within Business Intelligence & Analytics department from data modeling, to data engineering, and finally data consumption

Principle Duties and Responsibilities:
Works with data scientist to design, develop, test, and implement algorithms using the Data & Analytics Platform.
Solves moderate to complex product errors, as well as designs and resolves product problems, following up in a timely manner with all appropriate customers and IT personnel.
Develop data engineering processes in azure using components like Azure Data Factory, Azure Data Lake analytics, HDInsights, DataBricks etc.
Assists in assessing alternative software solutions for workability and technical feasibility.
Relates information from various sources to draw logical conclusions.
Assists in identifying the impact of proposed development/enhancements projects.
Knowledge of data science tools and platforms (preferably Microsoft Azure)
Knowledge of statistical and predictive modeling concepts and disciplines including machine learning algorithms
Knowledge of industry-leading practices
Ability to propose analytic strategies and solutions as a business need
Analyzing source system data and data flows, working with structured and unstructured data
Manipulating high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources to highlight patterns, anomalies, relationships and trends
Must possess the ability to effectively communicate using strong verbal, written and listening skills
Must be able to adapt quickly to change without being afraid to take on new responsibilities in a fast-paced team environment while being proactive and action-oriented
Ability to come up with creative technical ways to resolve application and system issues
Understanding agile development methodologies or concepts; experience with is a plus
Excellent diagnostic, debugging, and troubleshooting skills
Working knowledge of any of the following languages: Python, Java, R, SQL, HQL, Gremlin, Cypher
Delivers SDLC Deliverables as defined.
Contributes to Business Case Development through information gathering and analysis.
Basic Qualification:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration, or other related field.
Minimum of 5 years IT experience encompassing the following:
o Working experience with SDLC and deliverables associated with each phase.
o Experience in ML algorithms and Advanced SQL techniques
o Experience engineering data pipelines using latest technologies and techniques
o Experience in Data Visualization Best Practices
o Experience working with industry-leading tools and technologies
o Experience in Azure Cloud technologies
o Experience in Big Data / Hadoop

Skills and Abilities:
Intellectual curiosity and great data intuition
The basics: Statistical Analysis, Data Mining and Processing, Programming, Machine Learning, Linear Algebra and Calculus, Data Visualization, Data Wrangling, Software Engineering
Adept at working with unstructured data
Outstanding Written and Verbal Communication communications skills; able to articulate complex technical topics for non-technical audiences.
Ability to analyze complex situations and develop creative solutions.
Ability to multi-task and self-direct.
Strong Organization Skills:
Ability to interact with non IT associates and management on projects.
Ability to plan and organize work to meet pre-established deadlines.
Ability to work with their peers, associates and all levels of management.
Ability to explain technical concepts in a non-technical fashion.
Strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills; strong deductive and inductive reasoning.
Strong Analytical Aptitude:
Ability to work with and influence peers and senior management.
Ability to work in a fast-paced and deadline-oriented environment.
Self-motivated with critical attention to detail, deadlines and reporting.
Preferred Qualification:
Experience in a retail environment a plus.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: Up to $1.00 per hour

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
