Job Description
Reporting to the Supervisor, provides reporting and analysis, manages data collections; works to understand and determine reporting needs of internal and external stakeholders through consultation and analysis, evaluates information obtained, performs problem‑solving and business modeling, and develops solutions; provides business and data analysis services; completes special assignments and activities as assigned.
Interprets data, analyzes results, and provides insights to determine operational impact and potential areas for performance improvement, and help inform decisions.
Develops metrics and designs reports visually displaying information and data, such as charts and graphs, to understand trends, outliers and patterns.
Integrates data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elements and analyses
Ensures data integrity and quality of data reporting prior to distribution.
Manages data collection process by planning collections, updating collection planning documents, coordinating communication, and performing data quality reviews.
Collaborates with IT partners to understand IT systems as necessary to extract and analyze data and develop reports
Develops a deep understanding of the IT processes, departments, and data/reports, and works closely with leadership to understand reporting needs.
Maintains report forms and formats, information dashboards, data generators, canned reports and other end-user information portals or resources
Provides support and assists in training staff on the use of department data systems.
Identify and define data quality and reporting improvements
Makes recommendations to management on reporting needs and solutions.
Develops reports and deliverables for management and communicates with all levels of stakeholders
Provides ad-hoc data analysis and reporting support to IT
2-3 years’ experience in data visualization and reporting, both designing and developing reports
Knowledge of database structuring & report building
Knowledge of data mining and analysis using MS Access, MS Excel and/or Tableau.
MS Office (strong Excel and Access)
SQL
Tableau (or other data visualization tools)
Splunk experience a plus
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Business Administration, Finance, or Risk Management. Post-graduate education may substitute for work experience.
General familiarity with a work environment that supports and encourages defined guidelines, policies, and procedures
Strong knowledge of Excel, Word, Tableau, Access, and basic database concepts
Strong understanding of SQL databases with the ability to query data from disparate data sources
Ability to analyze complex data made of unstructured, semi-structured and structured datasets to drive insights
Extensive experience with Data Visualization, preferably in Tableau
Ability to quickly learn new systems and applications
Exceptional analytical and problem solving capabilities
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Ability to effectively communicate ideas and insights.
Demonstrated ability to develop robust and actionable reporting to help drive impact and outcomes
Ability to work independently, as well as in a collaborative and dynamic team environment
Must be able to multitask and shift priorities, as required, and work effectively under pressure
Must be a self-starter, with the ability to work in a fast paced environment, both independently and as part of a team
Powered by JazzHR

E5XPSNO4TX
