Description


Job Family: Project Management

Oversees, develops and analyzes policies and practices related to project management and the project management office. Develops, analyzes and oversees project quality assurance and resource allocation. Enhances program and project management capabilities and operational oversight. Develops, edits and executes project plans to manage the lifecycle and operational aspects of projects. Defines, develops and deploys standardized project management tools and templates to ensure projects are completed efficiently.

Job Function: Business Systems Analysis

Defines how a proposed system will accomplish business requirements through technical solutions for functional and non-functional requirements. Provides support and analysis for systems to ensure smooth and continuous running of corporate systems and assessment of software for efficiency, speed, and cost of implementation and maintenance. This could include regular and preventative maintenance, systems requirement management and process related analysis. Positions could have responsibility for infrastructure performance as well as new technology implementation or roll-outs.

Summary of Responsibilities:

The Associate, Business Systems Analysis provides business application support for core systems and business applications used by lines of business. S/he partners with business process owners to enhance and improve business applications by defining, eliciting, gathering and documenting business technical requirements, reviewing functional and data requirements, and validating requirement changes to systems and/or processes, and changes to supporting applications to ensure compliance to all applicable regulations and company policies made to Architecture. The incumbent suggests improvements and changes to business processes and/or platforms, and reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems, as well as user needs. May act as second tier support for software problems in front end and back end systems.

Essential Functions:
Manages business expectations and process performance, and conducts project milestone reviews, continuous improvement, and causal analysis activities.
Performs requirements gathering, analysis, and synthesis of information for system definition.
Develops and maintains user support documentation, analyze software maintenance requirements including trouble report and change proposal analysis, and propose economical and efficient solutions as part of developing IT solutions to user requirements.
Performs current state analysis of existing business systems, applications and functions.
Produces timely and high quality requirements-related work products, including requirement specifications, process flows, mock-ups and wireframes.
Recommends enhancements to systems and/or processes to improve effectiveness and quality of projects.
Works with Risk, Compliance, Legal and Controls to investigate and resolve issues, address regulatory requirements and mandates.
Drives and manages Analysis/Requirements phase deliverables: requirements documentation and signoff, traceability matrix, functional/technical specifications, change controls and assists in identifying test cases.
Evolves into a subject-matter expert who can easily liaise between IT and other departments.
Answers questions and clarifies requirements for projects and enhancements during the estimation process.
Assists in training and development of Sr. Specialists, including review of intake forms and business requirement documents.
Documents procedures for deployment of products in a manner such that future deployments and re-deployments are repeatable with a high degree of success.
Assists with the facilitation and executes execution of periodic testing and implementation of contingency plans to ensure availability of applications in case of system failure.
Conducts fit/gap analysis and documents business/system requirements.
Creates and executes test scripts, captures defects, verifies fixes and reports updates.
Supports technology and business test teams on analysis of defects to ensure proper resolution and alignment to business requirements.
Develops change and release documentation to support change management processes.
Manages release plans, including scope, schedule, documentation and coordination with technical teams.
Other Functions:
Acts as a subject matter expert (SME) while providing leadership, guidance, and mentorship to other project managers.
Other duties as assigned.
Requirements:
Education -
Bachelor's Degree: business administration, management information systems, computer science or equivalent
or equivalent work experience
Experience -
5-9 years Experience as a business analyst or related experience.
5-9 years Overall IT experience with significant experience in software development.
Skills & Abilities -
Ability to use analytical skills to identify key stakeholders impacted by changes and understand their influence and authority levels.
Strong critical / analytical thinking and problem-solving skills to include scenario-based analysis and use case driven documentation.
Ability to manage multiple, concurrent projects, activities and tasks under time constraints.
Ability to utilize tact and knowledge to resolve issues, train on specific policies and procedural guidelines.
Ability to identify risk, probability, impact and how to mitigate risks.
Excellent facilitation skills for meeting management, and requirements workshop planning and management.
Ability to elicit questions to gather information at the right level of detail and scope to represent all of the stakeholders needs, and that lead to an understanding of the business need rather than what they want.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, including the use of presentation skills and the ability to create a requirements package.
Demonstrated ability to work as a team player; leading the group to address complex problems, thinking outside the box, and driving to best solution
Ability to identify current capabilities and identify opportunities for improvement.
Demonstrated ability to utilize various modeling techniques such as, process modeling, data modeling, system modeling.
Understands interface analysis, technology infrastructure and how it interconnects, including sharing data to achieve a business goal.
Ability to know how a user interface helps the user to successfully complete a task, also known as usability.
Advanced knowledge and skill in Microsoft Suite products
Demonstrates strong problem-solving and analytical skills.
Facilitates and maintains stakeholder confidence in the decision-making process.
Competencies:

Collaboration - Teamwork:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Creates a good working environment in the team; works towards shared goals contributing ideas and accepting change
Provides assistance and coaches less experienced team members
Customer Focus - Customer Understanding:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Probes in-depth to understand the customers business needs
Explores and understands the customer's alternatives and decision criteria
Influence - Two-way communication:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Communicates in a timely and straightforward manner
Probes for additional information, clarifies assumptions and confirms agreed-upon actions
Keeps everyone involved informed about progress and issues
Problem Solving - Problem Identification:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Identifies the component parts of a complex situation or problem and the relationship among variables that are not obvious
Problem Solving - Resourcefulness:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Builds and maintains ones network of contacts and resources and knows who to involve in problem resolution
Risk Business Acumen - Industry Acumen:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Stays current with industry and regulatory trends and emerging risk issues
Has good understanding of current market and competitive landscape that the organization operates within
Risk Business Acumen - Product Knowledge:
Proficient - Applying and Executing
Understands the relevant products and services and the markets in which they are sold and their risk return to the organization
Can identify and speak to major operational issues across the organization
Working Conditions:
Frequently: Minimal physical effort such as sitting, standing, and walking.
Occasional moving and lifting of equipment and furniture is required to support onsite and offsite meeting setup and teardown.
Physically capable of lifting up to fifty pounds, able to bend, kneel, climb ladders.
Employers Rights:
This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by your supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description.
The employer has the right to revise this job description at any time. This job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.
At Santander, we value and respect differences in our workforce and strive to increase the diversity of our teams. We actively encourage everyone to apply.

Employees desiring consideration should complete an online application, utilizing the appropriate process as subscribed by the posting entity. Employees should provide all pertinent information to support their candidacy.

To be considered eligible for internal posting, Santander employees must meet all of the following eligibility requirements:
Completion of at least one year of active service in Santander
Completion of at least twelve months in current position
Be in "Good Standing"
Please click here to see the full policy- https://tbcdn.talentbrew.com/company/1771/internal_v2_0/img/eligibility.pdf
