Entera, where residential real estate investing is made simple

At Entera, we are on a mission to transform the way investors find and buy properties. Powered by machine-learning, Entera's end-to-end residential real estate platform modernizes the real estate buying process. Entera's property source aggregation platform, discovery algorithms, intelligent tools and expert real estate service team help our clients access and evaluate more properties, make data-driven investment decisions, and win more - 100% online.

Entera is based in San Francisco, New York & Houston, with satellite service offices in 12 additional markets across the US. We're always looking for talented, creative and passionate people to join our team. If you're interested in opportunities at Entera, we'd love to hear from you!

Job Description

Entera is looking for a Product and Data Analyst to join our growing Product team. The primary function of this role is to work with our Engineering and Product teams to assist with our technical product development, assisting our clients with their program rollouts and performing real estate valuation and developing data visualizations and providing data analysis to the company. You will be responsible for becoming an expert in our data services and working in all parts of our technical product - writing to product and functional requirements, testing our applications and providing feedback to management and our technologists. In this high visibility role, you will be expected to tackle complex assignments and manage priorities, playing a role as a key team member in our rapid growth company.

Successful candidates will thrive in Entera's unique operating environment and culture: high-growth, innovative, lean, and values-driven. As such, successful candidates must be highly capable in each of the following dimensions (among others): adaptability, curiosity, resourcefulness, analytical thinking/problem solving, pro-activity, collaboration, technological savvy, and operating in a dynamic environment.

Requirements:
Must have or be currently pursuing a Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field or a real estate concentration, including mathematics, engineering, Computer Science or Mathematics, Real Estate, Finance or related concentration from an accredited college or university
1-3 years professional experience in an analytical role - including business analyst, data scientist or data analyst
Professional experience with creating product and technical specifications, performing product
testing and addressing client concerns
Experience with data science and using SQL, R, Python and business intelligence and experience with visualization tools (e.g. Looker, Chartio, Tableau, Redash, Metabase, etc.)
Basic understanding of real estate models and valuations - experience with valuation models and toolsets a plus
Strong analytical, comprehension and problem solving skills, as well as strong verbal and written communication skills
Fluency in English
Self-starter with ability to master new tasks and technologies quickly
Team player with demonstrated leadership experience and strong personal integrity
Ability to prioritize tasks, work on multiple assignments
