Financial Analyst

Company Overview

Luminess is a Houston based Direct to Consumer beauty & wellness company. Originally used in the fashion, print, television and film industries, Luminess has redefined the traditional beauty routine with its at home, flawless airbrush systems. Complementing the airbrush systems are a full line of innovative color cosmetics and skincare products. US growth in the last five years has built a strong brand recognition with over 5 million customers. Our products can be seen in the pages of publications like InStyle, Allure, Cosmo, Vogue and in 2018 the brand was recognized in Womens Wear Daily as the company to watch in beauty.

Overview of the Role

In this newly formed role the Financial Analyst serves as a key contributor reporting directly to the company Controller. The Financial Analyst will primarily focus on developing critical financial reporting tools and providing insights in to overall financial performance. We are looking for a self-driven, detail-oriented contributor with financial data analysis and reporting expertise.

Responsibilities:
Providing support for Accounting and Financial analytics and Reporting
Synthesize data from various sources to deliver actionable insights.
Utilize data science techniques to mine large structured and unstructured data sets, using analytical techniques to generate insights.
Identify patterns in raw data and develop models to predict the likelihood of a future outcome and/or to optimize business solutions.
Translate findings into accessible visuals, providing a clear view into interpreting the data.
Enable the business to make clear financial choices, with a reasonable view into likely outcomes.
Analyze and interpret financial data and compile reports on current financials.
Define benchmarks, generate insights, develop dashboards and monitor and report progress against them.
Perform monthly review and evaluate actual financial performance.
Analyze financial information to produce forecasts.
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in accounting and a technical or quantitative discipline.
7+ years of hands-on accounting, finance analytics experience required.
Solid understanding of Financial and Accounting Industry terminology and concepts.
Proven analytical skills; ability to analyze raw data, draw conclusions, and develop actionable recommendations.
Demonstrated success presenting complex qualitative and quantitative data in a clear and compelling manner that inspires action.
Ability to effectively present complex subject matter to all levels of management.
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills required. Candidate should be able to create and use pivot tables, use advanced functions including VLOOKUP and HLOOKUP, Macros and VBA
Recent experience in visualization software like Tableau preferred.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $65,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year

Experience:
Managing Data: 5 years (Required)
hands-on accounting, finance analytic: 7 years (Required)
advanced Excel (VLOOKUP and HLOOKUP, Macros and VBA): 3 years (Required)
financial and accounting industry terminology and concept: 4 years (Required)
Tableau: 1 year (Preferred)
Data Analysis: 5 years (Required)
Analytics: 1 year (Preferred)
business analysis: 1 year (Preferred)
sql: 1 year (Preferred)
financial analysis (reporting): 3 years (Required)
Analysis Skills: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Job distance:
Stafford, TX: Between 31 and 40 miles (Preferred)
