Data Management and Quantitative Analysis - IC1 Under direct guidance, works with internal and external datasets and client reference data and provides analysis in the development of statistical, financial and/or econometric models for analyzing asset performance, securities data, derivative pricing, risk exposure or other sophisticated concepts. Provides analytical support and prepares drafts of standard and ad hoc reports for assigned area. With general guidance, supports assigned area with basic statistical and quantitative analyses. May perform or oversee data management activities in support of more senior quantitative colleagues. Runs models, looks for exceptions, takes corrective action. Builds knowledge of technology tools used to conduct analyses. Applies techniques such as querying and macro development to extract data for populating models. Builds knowledge of processes and products and which analyses, methodologies and approaches best support assessment of performance, risk, or valuation. Interprets findings and prepares initial drafts of standard reports. No direct reports. Primarily responsible for the accuracy and quality of own work. Work contributes to the achievement of team goals.QualificationsBachelors degree or the equivalent combination of education and experience. Advanced degree in quantitative analysis preferred. 0-3 years experience preferred. Experience in quantitative finance and technology preferred.BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.Our ambition is to build the best global team - one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve - and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.Primary Location: United States-Texas-HoustonInternal Jobcode: 70128Job: Corporate TrustOrganization: Corporate Trust-HR06320Requisition Number: 2001579
