Data Analyst (Internal Systems)
Location - Houston, TX
Type - Regular, full time
Pay Rate - Commensurate with experience
Travel - Periodic local and overnight travel
About cPanel

With over two decades of growth and experience under our belts, cPanel knows our industry, and we're looking for more people who are spirited, intelligent, friendly, and innovative to help us create more amazing things. We are a tight-knit team that constantly encourages and challenges each other, and above all of that, we sincerely believe in the value of the work that we do.

Because cPanel management cares deeply about helping our employees thrive we offer:
A workplace committed to the cPanel's core values of Integrity, Respect, Collaboration, and Follow-Through
Robust development teams that are practicing Agile Scrum and have everything you need to take a project from start to finish: Product Owners, Scrum Masters, Developers, QA, and Documentation writers all working with the same end goal.
A mid-sized company where your success will have a real impact on the company's success
Free catered onsite lunch every day, snacks, a gym, a flexible work schedule, and all the caffeine you can handle.
A dog-friendly office
Investments in our people by providing professional training, lunch and learns, conferences, and college reimbursement
1st-class work environment utilizing a pod concept: each team has a centralized collaboration area surrounded by a private office for each team member.
Fantastic coworkers who are passionate about creating great software.
An open-door policy to come by and talk about professional topics or just chit chat while you work through an issue.
About the role:

The Data Scientist is innovative, experienced, and highly trained; passionate about moving our company to the next level of being data-driven and advancing our purpose. The Data Scientist will drive internal data analytics projects serving all areas of the company.

The Mission (what you'll be responsible for): The Tools (what knowledge, skills, abilities, and experiences we're looking for)
Utilize reporting/analytics to assist teams in building alternative business models and projections
Identify trends and correlation between business actions and business performance on different customer segments
Understand business context, identify critical business problems, and translate them into actionable information for stakeholders.
Provide customer insights to drive changes across Marketing, Product and various teams and ultimately to improve customer value and key business metrics
Identify business opportunities, conduct financial/ROI assessment and develop projection metrics for sales and opportunities
Work with Marketing research and UX team to understand customer segments and their needs, profile our customer base and monitor the base composition change
Analyze fraud data and make recommendations that decreases fraud/abuse
Create & maintain dashboards with a variety of internal/external data sources
Adhere to the policies and procedures of the company
Exemplify the Core Values of Integrity, Respect, Collaboration and Follow-through
Eligibility Requirements
Advanced knowledge of SQL syntax and usage
Advanced knowledge of relational database design
Strong knowledge of report generation tools such as Jasper, Crystal Reports, or similar
Familiarity with Perl including database-driven web development
Familiarity with web development technologies including JavaScript, Ajax, and jQuery
Familiarity with Linux and underlying components
Education/Experience - Bachelor of Science in Computer Science required or equivalent experience
Four plus years of experience working with SQL and Relational Databases
Two plus years of experience working with report generation tools.
Two plus years experience in relevant business domains, including business intelligence tools, techniques and technology or experience in analytics, business analysis or comparable analytics solutions
At least one year of Perl development experience
In return for all the above, we offer the following:
Competitive Salary
Full Health, Vision, and Dental coverage
Flexible Spending Account
Free on-site lunch
Paid Vacation
Tuition Reimbursement
Casual Working Environment
401K Matching
EEO Statement

At our company, we take great pride in our diverse and talented workforce. We recognize that our continued success as a company depends largely on the collective strengths of our employees.

cPanel provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, religious creed, sex, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, pregnancy, childbirth, physical disability, mental disability, age, military status or status as a Vietnam-era or special disabled veteran, marital status, registered domestic partner or civil union status, gender (including sex stereotyping and gender identity or expression), medical condition (including, but not limited to, cancer-related or HIV/AIDS-related) or sexual orientation in accordance with applicable federal, state and local law. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to hiring, placement, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Privacy is taken seriously at cPanel, Inc. Information submitted is kept internally and not shared with third parties.

If this description fits you, apply below. It's relatively easy and painless.
