Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for a Business Analyst Data Governance for a client in Houston, TX. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must-Have(s) 5+ years of experience working as a Business Analyst in the domain of Data Governance 5+ years of experience with Informatica Data Governance (Axon), EDC, IDQ, MDM Hands-on experience with data quality tools for data profiling, identity resolution cleansing Ability to configure AXON EDC including Business glossaries, dashboards, search, Axon maps, policies, and databases Solid understanding and hands-on experience with data governance principles, data management, data collection, analysis, and interpretation Nice to Have(s) Bachelor s degree in Business Finance, Accounting, or Management Information System Informatica certification is highly preferred Interested candidates can directly contact Ruhail at resumearthurlawrence.net or by dialing (281) 768-2715 About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business applications implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enables organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are an UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgements from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twice in 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest growing companies of America. Named one of the top ten fastest growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJ s Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more information, visit
