Position Type :

Full time

Type Of Hire :

Experienced (relevant combo of work and education)

Education Desired :

Bachelor of Business Administration

Travel Percentage :

0%

Job Description

Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS youll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and above all fun.

What You Will Be Doing
Preparing daily reconciliation of cash transactions
Managing large volumes of transactions and monitoring account balances
Actively research discrepancies with various agents and clients
Liaison with counterparts to ensure accuracy of transaction flow and follow up on outstanding issues
Proactively and effectively communicate with clients, as needed
Process and reconcile data in various systems
Actively monitor securities settlement process and initiate resolution within scope of authority, as needed
Assist in monthly report preparation
What You Bring:
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Excellent attention to detail
Independent judgment and multi-task oriented
Minimum 0-3 years experience in Accounting, Finance or related field
What We Offer You
The chance to work on some of the most challenging, relevant issues in financial services & technology
Time to support charities and give back in your community
A fantastic range of benefits designed to help support your lifestyle and well-being
A broad range of professional education and personal development opportunities
A work environment built on collaboration, flexibility and respect
Privacy Statement

FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice.

EEOC Statement

FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here supplement document available here

For positions located in the US, the following conditions apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test. ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Sourcing Model

Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.
