See notes for additional details.
Beyond Outsourcing... This is OneSourcing... EAG OneSource (1Source) is a dynamic and growing IT and Back Office Outsourcing firm focused on driving customer success. As an EAG OneSource team member, you will leverage your customer service, management and technical experience while driving continuous value both for your clients and 1Source. Gain the satisfaction of knowing that you are creating an immediate and positive impact for your customers on a daily basis by joining the talented and driven team of E&P professionals at 1Source!

EAG OneSource is currently seeking a Data and Reporting Analyst with strong Spotfire, Power BI and SQL experience.

As a Data & Reporting Analyst, you can expect to: " Manage the full life cycle of assigned projects, including research, data mining, data analytics, design, development, testing, implementation, and documentation " Conduct in-depth interviews with subject matter experts to fully understand the requirements, document business needs and convert them to technical specifications " Create reports, dashboards, and other visualizations using Spotfire, Microsoft technologies (SQL, SSAS, SSRS, Power BI) and other BI platforms " Provide accurate work estimates " Troubleshoot existing issues and provide solutions for both simple and complex reports " Verify data integrity and report accuracy ensuring client satisfaction " Respond directly to support issues and service requests " Assist in identifying trends in Business Intelligence and staying at the forefront of technology " Provide exceptional client service while building relationships with clients and internal team members " Other duties as assigned
Position Requirements " Bachelor's Degree " 2+ experience in data analytics, experience in the oil and gas industry is preferred " 2+ years of Power BI experience " 2+ years of Spotfire experience " Advanced knowledge of SQL " Custom report writing proficiency in SSRS " Tableau, Alteryx, or Qlik experience a plus " Land, Accounting ERP back-end knowledge or experience a plus " Exceptional Time Management skills " Ability to independently lead analytic efforts requiring minimal supervision " Strong attention to detail, excellent organization skills, and ability to manage multiple projects under tight deadlines " Analytical mind with a problem-solving aptitude " Exceptional quality assurance, processes and execution
" Strong and effective inter-personal and communication skills and the ability to interface professionally with a diverse group of clients, including management and senior level executives " Ability to identify opportunities, produce code and present solutions in a timely/fast-paced manner " Entrepreneurial spirit and self-motivated " Aptitude to learn new technology, products and concepts " Strong in all major Microsoft Office product (Word, Power Point, Excel) and Microsoft Visio " Must be based in Houston " Must be eligible to work for ANY employer in the United States; we are unable to sponsor H1B applicants at this time

Compensation " Competitive salary, commensurate with experience. " Comprehensive benefits package including: o Medical o Dental o Vision o 401(k)

Get Started Today Explore your opportunity to become a Data and Reporting Analyst at EAG 1Source. Apply online or email your questions to recruiting@eag1Source.com.

About EAG OneSource EAG is an IT and Back Office Outsourcing firm headquartered in Houston, TX. We focus on serving the upstream energy markets. Our mission is to deliver cost-effective business solutions to the oil and gas industry while providing a challenging and fulfilling experience to our employees. We seek individuals who enjoy expanding their knowledge of the oil and gas industry and related technologies, working as part of a team and participating in complex projects.

People are EAG OneSource's most valuable asset. We offer a competitive and comprehensive salary and benefits package to all employees, and invest in employee professional growth by providing a variety of educational and training opportunities.
