A ForeFlight Aircraft Data Analyst collects, analyzes and evaluates aircraft data (performance, weight & balance and more). A person in this role will use various techniques and tools to capture aircraft data and create models which are applied within ForeFlight.

Great emphasis is placed on the ability to self-check all work and provide high quality and accurate results within ForeFlight’s Aircraft Data requirements and within a timely fashion. Deep knowledge of aircraft types, capabilities, and the aviation industry as a whole is beneficial.

Duties and Responsibilities
Work independently to collect, analyze, evaluate and model aircraft flight planning performance and weight & balance data from a variety of sources.
Maintain flight planning performance and weight & balance databases for a library of aircraft.
Develop software tools to assist in aircraft modeling efforts and data quality control.
Assimilate customer feedback for use as a benchmark in evaluating model accuracy.
Work cooperatively with internal teams to assist and provide guidance and expertise with any aircraft data related issues.
Other duties as assigned by team lead & manager.

Skills & Requirements
Private pilot license required, Instrument rating a benefit
Deep knowledge of aircraft manuals (POH/AFM), associated performance and weight & balance data, and procedures within, including reading, interpreting, and using technical/graphical charts and data.
Comfortable familiarity with aircraft performance, weight and balance and other aircraft data and associated concepts.
Uncompromising dedication to provide results with the highest accuracy
Strong spreadsheet skills (pivot table, use of advanced functions, VBA/Javascript).
Strong problem-solving and mathematical skills, especially in context of interpreting graphical and tabular data and how to model these data for use within algorithms.
Programming and git version control experience a big plus.
Python experience a plus.
Atlassian product knowledge, including Confluence, Bitbucket and JIRA, a plus.
Effective verbal and written communication skills.
Effective keyboard skills.
Professionalism, organization, time management skills.

Education/Experience
Requires a bachelor’s degree in area of specialty and 1-2 years of experience in the field or in a related field.
