Job Title:
Business System Analyst

Address:
8951 Cypress Waters Blvd, Coppell, Texas 75019

Full-time/Part-time:
Full-time

Job Description:

Business System Analyst
Department: IT

Reports to: Application Delivery Manager

FLSA Status: Exempt

Location: Coppell, TX

Driving Innovation. Together.

A part of a bright future tied to a proud past.

As part of the Toyota family of companies, Toyota Industries Commercial Finance (TICF) creates extraordinary customer experiences through our Brand Promise to be the partner of choice in the commercial finance industry.

Since 1985, TICF has offered an extensive line of commercial financing programs for Toyota forklifts and Hino trucks through our network of Toyota Industrial Equipment and Hino Motor Sales dealers to their customers. Our people-focused team of professionals are constantly striving to provide always better solutions. Because of that we have experienced substantial growth and evolution. We are a new organization with a proud legacy. Are you interested in becoming part of it?

TICF Vision Statement: To be the financial services partner of choice to our dealers and customers by delivering innovative solutions that support the sustainable growth of THM, Logistics, and HMS businesses.

TICF Mission Statement: We will do this by engaging the talent and passion of people that are committed to helping to carry the load, contributing to society, and continuous improvement.

Why This Job Exists: Job Summary/Scope of Impact

The TICF Senior Business System Analyst is responsible for working closely with business partners to understand business goals to develop IT solutions. The Senior BSA will coordinate and oversee the work of other BSAs acting a mentor to junior and mid-level business analyst. As a senior-level BSA, you will be viewed as an expert on the process and best practices for conducting requirements practices.

What You'll Do: Major Accountabilities
Production/Operations Support. (25%)
Serve as a subject matter expert and provide support to end users for existing applications and audit requirements.
Ensure system standards, code and documentation is recent and maintained in a central, and secure repository
Utilize technology and process knowledge to identify process implications of technology and process changes and recommend process improvements.
Manage AMS partners' activities, ensuring adherence to Service Management, and holding the vendors accountable to service levels.
Project Delivery (50%)
Facilitate requirements gathering session, create business requirements documents and work closely with the development team to deliver a quality solution.
Create test plan/scripts and execute test scripts to ensure solution meets requirements and business goals
Create, evaluate, and present complex technical business cases, "as-is" and "to-be" business processes, "current" and "future" technology integration design recommendations to colleagues, management, business customers and vendors
Explain complex application functionality in a manner that can be understood, articulate ideas and solutions to influence others toward a desired outcome or solution; answer technical questions to support the case
Other Computer-Related Occupation Responsibilities (25%)
Some combination of the tasks below will be core part of your major accountabilities:
Understand the future direction of business and the IT impact on the business.
Utilize knowledge of key business metrics to proactively identify complex areas of improvement; determine whether improvement can be achieved through process changes or technology enhancement; negotiate solutions with the customer
Exercise discretion and independent judgment while performing your core job responsibilities, including:
Evaluate possible courses of actions and make decisions or recommendations on the courses of action that should be followed.
Interpret and Evaluate current policies and processes. Identify opportunities to improve these policies and processes. Lead initiatives to drive these changes.
Assist the organization in their Agile transformation.
Participate in recruiting and onboarding new resources.
Champion own career through self-development plans; actively soliciting coaching and feedback and participating in internal and external development opportunities.
Working Relationships, Management and Decision Expectations/Authority

Briefly describe key working relationships (internal and external), team activities, project management work and management/supervision accountabilities. Highlight decision-making expectations and authority.
You will be working closely with end-users across the business to understand their needs and goals and with technical teams to develop solutions
Ability to work with limited supervision, having significant latitude for independent judgment
Ability to effectively communicate across all levels of the organization
Who You Are: Experience, Training & Education
Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution
Agile experience
Experience with all aspects of the Software Development Lifecycle
Strong understanding of Industry standards and best practices in all areas of technology delivery
Strong verbal and written communication skills with the ability to create and present concepts and recommendations to senior management
Ability to adopt to rapidly changing technology and apply it to business needs
Strong in use of business analysis tools such as, Microsoft office suite, visualization, and requirements management tools to interpret, condense, and communicate complex graphical and statistical information
Experience supporting a "High Touch" customer with real time needs and requirements
Experience in some form of Financial Service industry
Experience with financial audits, SOX controls and other regulatory institutions and practices
Software Expertise
Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint)
SAP CRM and ECC
Competencies:

INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTORS:
Builds Trust - Can be trusted to keep promises and confidences. Is honest and ethical. Behavior is consistently aligned with organization's core values.
Core Values:
Be faithful to your duties thereby contributing to the Company and to the overall good of society.
Be ahead of the times through endless creativity, curiosity and pursuit of improvement.
Be practical and avoid frivolity.
Be kind and generous; strive to create a warm, homelike atmosphere.
Be humble and show gratitude for things great and small.
Communicates Effectively - Expresses self clearly, both in writing and in speaking. Is thorough, yet concise, and is consistently straightforward. Creates clarity. Readily shares information with others.
Support Change & Innovation- Always supports change initiatives in a positive way. Proactively embraces change. Look for new ways of improving your day to day processes. Partner with your leadership team to support the top organization initiatives to achieve business goals.
Customer Focused - Expresses a consistent passion to exceed internal and external customer expectations, makes customer satisfaction a priority in all organizational decision making. Treats all associates like a best customer. Acts with a sense of urgency when responding to customers and coaches others to do the same.
High-Performance Team Player -- Proactively seeks new ways to continually learn and develop. Takes initiative and strives to consistently exceed expectations at all times. Addresses conflicts/concerns through the appropriately avenues in a spirit of cooperation. Creates appropriate SMART goals aligned to the top business objectives.
Achieves Results - Overcomes obstacles to achieve results that set high standards for others and that positively impact the organization.
Turn Toward Great Benefits
Work/Life (flextime, 9/80 work schedules offered where applicable)
Tuition reimbursement
Vehicle lease and purchase program
Medical, dental and vision insurance (plus more)
Generously matched 401(k)
Generous paid time off (vacation, sick, personal, holidays)
Open, collaborative work environment
Opportunities for growth
Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V. We E-Verify.

Hyperlinks to E-Verify posters:

For E-Verify Poster Standard English, Click here.

For E-Verify Poster Spanish, Click here.

For E-Verify Native Documents/Right to Work English, Click here

For E-Verify Native Documents/Right to Work Spanish, Click here.

Candidate Receipt Acknowledgement:

Radius:

FLSA:
Exempt
