DData Governance Business Analyst
Houston, TX 77002
Pay Rate: $70/hr - $80/hr
Contract: Through – 12/20 (FTE Conversion or Extension)

The Enterprise Analytics & Data Management team is part of the ***’s Digital organization. Our mission is to accelerate business growth and drive operational efficiencies by extracting insights from data, predicting business outcomes and embedding intelligence into business processes. As a member of EADM you will deliver insights and solutions across the organization in areas such as routing, logistics, revenue management, customer experience, people analytics, business operations and more.

I. Job Summary
The Data Governance Business Analyst plays a critical role in establishing policies and requirements of master data and resolves data quality issues. They will work closely with business partners to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound business decisions. This individual must function in a fast-paced environment, be adaptable to the many changing processes and technology related to the various data warehouse environments. The ideal candidate for this position understands business processes and how data drives those processes, has a strong commitment to quality, is detail oriented and understands how to leverage tools, such as software to execute projects and tasks efficiently.

II. Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Execute standard onboarding of technical and business metadata into the Informatica EDC and Axon environments, ensuring the population of data lineage and linkage between the technical and business metadata.
Participate in the development and implementation of enterprise metadata standards, guidelines, and processes to ensure quality metadata and support for ongoing data governance.
Provide excellent customer service and support to end users and form productive relationships with internal customers by listening, clarifying, and responding effectively.
Providing administration support for Informatica EDC/Axon/IDQ and in future other data governance related products (MDM) which includes installation, configuration, upgrades and business continuity support.
Facilitate discussion with data stakeholders on data governance processes and translate those requirements into Axon workflows.
Participate in training sessions for business and technology partners covering enterprise metadata standards, guidelines, and processes
Document data governance policies and master data entry processes
Perform data alignment analyses to support data governance
Design tools and processes to facilitate maintenance of data quality in Informatica IDQ.
Perform other duties as assigned.
III. Supervisory Responsibilities
None required.

IV. Qualifications
The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job.

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Management Information systems or related field

3-5 years of progressive business experience
Must have 3+ years of hands on Informatica Data Governance (Axon), EDC, IDQ experience.
Must have 3+ MDM experience.
Must have 2+ years of practical experience configuring EDC and Axon, including business glossaries, dashboards, policies, search, Axon maps
Experience in data quality tools, including data profiling, cleansing and identity resolution.
A. Domain Experience
Demonstrated understanding of data governance principles.
Demonstrated experience with data management.
Demonstrated proficiency of data (types, content reliability, etc.).
Demonstrated problem solving and data collection, analysis, and interpretation skills.
Demonstrated understanding of underlying databases.
B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements
None required; Informatica Certification highly desired
C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required
Strong written and oral communication skills with ability to work with users, peers and management.
Strong interpersonal skills.
Must be a team player as this role requires working with multiple teams.
Highly motivated, self-starter with problem solving skills.
Ability to multitask and meet aggressive deadlines efficiently and effectively.
Detail-oriented but does not lose sight of the big picture.
Demonstrate ability to learn and understand business processes quickly.
V. Work Environment
Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job.
