About Us
Harris Health is a nationally recognized health system comprising three teaching hospitals and an extensive network of ambulatory care centers serving the people of Harris County, Texas, since 1966. Staffed by the faculty, fellows and residents from two nationally ranked medical schools, Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), Harris Health is the first healthcare system in Houston to receive the prestigious National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) designation for its network of patient-centered medical homes.

Each year, Harris Health provides more than 1.8 million total outpatient visits through its more than 40 ambulatory care facilities. Additionally, Harris Health sees more than 177,000 emergency visits at its Level 1 and Level 3 trauma centers and 35,000 hospital admissions through its two hospitals: Ben Taub and LBJ.

Established by voter referendum to enhance the level of charity care available in the community, Harris Health System has often received national recognition for serving those in need and for its achievements in operational excellence, such as being named to the 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 Most Wired Hospitals lists by the American Hospital Association’s Hospitals & Health Networks magazine.

Additionally, Harris Health System is pleased that each of its hospitals — Ben Taub and Lyndon B. Johnson — achieved Pathway to Excellence™ designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
Job Profile

JOB SUMMARY:

The Lead Quality Data Analyst collaborates with and provides consultation to Harris Health System Nursing Leadership and works closely with the Director of Nursing Quality to design and implement tools and processes to facilitate standard and accurate data collection, analysis, and reporting of data in accordance with professional and regulatory standards. This individual designs, builds, manages, and modifies systems and data bases at the system level. This individual coordinates data activities for Nursing across the system, including formatting and presenting data as usable information; tracking and trending information and creating and generating reports from various data sources. This individual provides oversight control over nursing data and is responsible for the data integrity and the data repositories. This individual also provides consultation to the Harris Health System Leadership related to audit activities, benchmarking, process evaluation, and outcomes development.

The Lead Quality Data Analyst upholds high standards of integrity, ethical behavior, mentors others, role models professionalism and participates in activities such as professional organizations, research and the community.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education/Specialized Training/Licensure:

a. Masters Degree required;
b. Training in database design, process design, audit tool design;
c. Excel, Access, Scantron software, PowerPoint, SPSS, Risk Pro, Word, Share Point, Readiness Rounds, V-Survey, infoEDGE; and
d. Five plus (5+) years applicable experience.
Work Experience: Five plus (5+) years in related data analyst or quality role preferred in health care setting.
Equipment Operated: Computer, scanner, fax printers, copiers, etc.
SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:

Communication Skills:

Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contact)
Exceptional Verbal (e.g., Public Speaking)
Writing /Composing (Correspondence / Reports)

Other Skills:

Analytical CRT
Design Medical Terms Mathematics
PC Research Statistical
Word Proc

Advanced Education:

Masters Degree

Work Schedule:

Flexible On Call

Other Requirements:

a. Advanced database experience in maintaining and troubleshooting;
b. Computer literacy at an advanced level;
c. Experience in analyzing and presenting data in documents, graphs and verbally; and
d. Advance customer service skills.
Benefits and EEOC
Harris Health System's benefits program is designed to provide you with more flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Harris Health System's benefits program allows you to protect your income in case of illness, death and disability, and to help you save for retirement.

It is the policy of Harris Health System to provide equal opportunity for all applicants for employment regardless of political affiliation, race, color, national origin, age, sex, religious creed or disability. Applicants may request any reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the application process.
Job Category
Professional
