Position Title: Sr. Data Analyst
Reporting Manager Title: Director, Insight, and Analytics

Position Summary:
Responsible for building and deepening member experiences through data and analytics. Partner with product owners, business lines, and channels to maximize their current product attributes, usage, marketing opportunities, and product performance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
1) Create KPI dashboards (weekly, monthly) utilizing business intelligence tools to measure and monitor production and business unit goals. Maintains data integrity and creates efficiencies by automating the reporting function.
2) Uses data and analytics to drive membership growth, increase overall deposits, further lending efforts through all channels, maximize existing strategic partnerships, and increase the profitability of the holdings group.
3) Ability to manage project timelines and prioritize customer requests.
4) Uncovers insights, creates narratives and communicates results to enable internal partners to identify new sales opportunities.
5) Works closely with business leaders to understand their business needs, area, and opportunities and convert into data and modeling solutions to drive growth and performance.
6) Conducts analysis and partner with Business Intelligence Specialists to provide appropriate financial data. Identifies key data
7) Keeps up to date with emerging analytics, insights and data management technologies and methodologies, and assesses their relevance to our products and strategy.
8) Creates awareness and educates internal customers on the power of advanced analytics, evangelizes datainformed decision making, and proactively identifies analytics needs.

Minimum Qualifications:
Education: Bachelors degree or equivalent mix of education and experience required. Advanced degree preferred.

Experience: 5-7 years experience in data and analytics, market research, insights creation, or strategy development. Experience with Power BI and/or Tableau and SQL required. Intermediate to Advanced level proficiency with MS Excel (Pivot tables, VLOOKUP, etc.). Proficient coding capability in R or Python.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
• Highly skilled in cross-functional collaboration by developing deep relationships and credibility with key partners across the organization
• High level of experience in data reporting, data analytics, data automation and MIS
• Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated ability to communicate professionally at all levels including executive management
• Ability to identify key data sources and utilize data-driven insights to improve business decisions effectively
• Ability to synthesize research and data that tells an accurate and compelling story.

Physical Demands and Work Environment:
(The physical demands and work environment characteristics described herein are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform essential functions of this position and/or may be encountered while performing essential functions. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.)
• While performing the essential duties of this position, an employee would frequently be required to stand, walk, and sit.
• Specific vision abilities required by this position include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus.
• The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Disclaimer:
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

Texas Dow Employees Credit Union is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to a policy of non-discrimination in employment on any basis including race, color, age, protected veteran status, sex, religion, disability, genetic information, national origin or other status protected by federal, state or local law. Consistent with the American Disabilities Act, applicants may request accommodations needed to participate in the application process.
