What We Are Looking For

NEP is currently seeking a dynamic individual to become part of our Analytics team as a Business Data Analyst.

This position is responsible for fulfilling the information requests of key decision makers within the University by directly querying against the SQL database, ensuring the accuracy and relevance of that information, and providing access to information in a seamless and timely manner in the form of data extracts, SSRS reports, BI Reports, dashboards, and analytics. The Business Data Analyst interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining. Designs, develops, implements and maintains business solutions. This position also fulfills information and data requests from external stakeholders.

NEP will not sponsor applicants for work visas or STEM-OPT.

Essential Functions
Uses Structured Query Language (SQL) to gather and assess data from the reporting database, transactional database, operational data store, and external systems to assist university leadership in decision making.
Supports the University’s continuous quality improvement efforts through the use of performance metrics development and monitoring.
Continually assesses data quality throughout the database and coordinates with IT in the correction of source data or creation of translation sources, where applicable.
Continually researches and identifies best practices for business data analysis via published literature, formalized training and professional development efforts.
Authenticates and interprets data based on results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining.
Communicates and disseminates the results of information gathering using BI software, SSRS, and Excel.
Collects and reports data in adherence to Federal and State reporting requirements.
Perform other duties as assigned
Reasonable and consistent attendance to fulfill requirements of the position
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Expert in SQL query writing.
Familiarity with push button reporting solutions – Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Studio (SSRS) highly preferred.
Proficient in Visual Studio.
Expert in Excel pivot tables and charts.
Ability to work closely with business owners to determine meaningful metrics and fulfill reporting needs.
Ability to work closely with IT to develop database structure.
Work with senior leadership to create and analyze reports and ad hoc data requests for decision making.
Skill in operating equipment, such as personal computer, fax, copier, phone system.
Ability to work in a team-oriented environment.
Ability to communicate clearly to a variety of constituents in both verbal and written communication.
Attention to detail, highly organized, and ability to execute multiple initiatives within budgeted timeframes.Proficient with Microsoft Word and other applications in the Microsoft Office suite
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree with focus in business or related field required
Minimum of 2-3 years of experience conducting data analyses, developing metrics, and creating reports required
Proficient in query design, generation, and reporting; SQL and SSRS (2008 SQL Server Reporting Services) required.
Experience with the online delivery of education preferred.
Experience in higher education preferred
Experience working in a technology-driven enterprise preferred
All skills, abilities and education will be considered for minimum qualifications
Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to perform the essential functions of this job successfully. The physical requirements for performing the essential functions of this position require the team member to be able to:
Able to sit, stand, kneel, walk, and reach.
Able to lift, push, pull, and/or move up to 20 pounds.
Hear well enough to communicate with others.
Read a computer screen and written material.
Write, type, and use phone system.
Working Conditions

This position operates in a professional office environment or remote. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.

• Good working environment with the absence of disagreeable conditions.

• The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

• Regular and reliable attendance is required.

NEP will not sponsor applicants for work visas.

Who We Are

National Education Partners (NEP) provides premier online program management (OPM) services for leading educational institutions. NEP offers a rich history of delivering traditional academic operations support in areas such as finance, human resources, enrollment, financial aid, marketing, information technology and much more. Today, NEP is the OPM of record for Northcentral University (NCU), which offers doctoral, master’s and bachelor’s degrees in business, technology, education, and psychology, as well as doctoral and master’s degrees in healthcare and marriage and family therapy. NEP also provides online services to John F. Kennedy University. Both NEP and NCU are part of the National University System, a system of nonprofit universities with its headquarters in La Jolla, California.
