Rethink what’s possible with SwitchThink! SwitchThink Solutions is an IT Services CUSO from Desert Financial.
As a collaborative partner for innovation, SwitchThink Solutions offers technology solutions that help credit unions achieve their transformational goals. Our knowledgeable development, infrastructure, and IT operations experts work hand-in-hand with our clients to maximize the benefits of their technology and speed their results.
Who you are:
A hardworking analyst with a flair for consulting with and supporting client with their enterprise reporting, data integration, and data analytic needs, including the development of dashboards. You are motivated by the opportunity to work closely with clients to analyze and interpret data in support of identifying market and business trends, conduct root cause analyses of business problems and provide strategic suggestions for improvement. You are a proactive thinker that is focused on identifying services and solutions that can enhance the offering we present to clients.
A typical week might include the following:
Consulting with clients to understand their unique business problems, then with the utilization data recommending solutions that will ultimately assist in solving the business problem by defining data/reporting requirements and goals.
Designing and developing solutions that enable clients to make decisions based on data utilizing dashboards and self-service analytical reports
Providing support with troubleshooting and resolving reporting, data warehouse and ETL related issues
Assisting in establishing best-practices and development of content that improve the efficiency and adoption of the data platform in ways that support strategic initiatives and drive business results.
Planning for future state of the environment to increase functionality, improve efficiencies, support refresh cycles, and/or reduce operational costs
Performing other job-related duties as assigned.
This role might be right for you if you have:
A Bachelor's Degree in computer science, math or related field
8+ years experience in business intelligence role
Strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principals, and practices
Experience working with Talend or similar ETL tools
Visa Sponsorship:
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas, i.e. H-1B or TN Visas.
Bonus Points:
5+ years of experience in a quantitative/analysis/reporting role within the Financial Services industry
5+ years building dashboards and reports in Power BI or similar platform
Experience working in a DB2 environment
Experience working with Python or another scripting language
About Us
We are considered leaders in the local credit union space, and we are growing like crazy. We’ve got a culture focused on smarts, kindness, continuous learning...and our people love it. A full 93% of our employees would recommend us to their friends. Come find out why! Learn more at jobs.desertfinancial.com.
We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
#IND456
