Gatestone & Co. is looking for an efficient, detail-oriented Data Analyst. The Data Analyst will be responsible for facilitating the issuance of letters and digital communications to consumers, in accordance to regulatory and client expectations.

Our ideal candidate is self-motivated and produces high-quality work. They are able to prioritize tasks appropriately and effectively, and handle multiple tasks at once, while maintaining strong follow-up skills to ensure all responsibilities are handled.

In this role you will:
Complete service requests as it relates to the creation of new letters and digital communications
Perform daily tasks relating to quality control and data validation
Demonstrate accuracy and thoroughness; look for ways to improve and promote quality; apply feedback to improve performance; monitor own work to ensure quality
Assist the Compliance Manager in the development of an effective record keeping system, including letter approvals, letter log, and inventory and regulatory requirements
Import/export data from text format into Excel and vice versa, while maintaining field-level integrity and data accuracy
Work closely with IT and other departments in regards to letter status, communications to consumers, etc.
Other duties as assigned
Skills Required:
An analytical thinker, able to synthesize complex or diverse information, collect and research data, use intuition and experience to complement data; able to manage specialized work efficiently with confidence and competence
A problem solver who identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; gathers and analyzes information skillfully, uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret corporate, compliance, and legal documentation, as needed
Detail oriented, well organized and has proven ability to work within stringent time frames
Excellent verbal, written, listening, and interpersonal skills
Efficient with troubleshooting
Familiarity with ticketing systems
Qualifications:
2+ years in an administrative role
Proficient with Microsoft Office suite
Knowledge of AS400 is required
Ability to pass a background check and drug screen
High school diploma or GED is required
Who We Are

Founded in 1926, Gatestone is an industry leader providing exceptional outsourced Customer Contact Center and Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) solutions to the world’s most respected organizations. Our clients are some of the world’s most respected organizations including Fortune 500 companies.

Started by Nicholas Wilson from humble beginnings, Gatestone has grown into a major global outsource provider with 10 fully-integrated sites located across North America, Latin American, Central America and Asia offering skill sets across multiple experience levels and languages. Still under original ownership, the company is supported by a long-tenured management team who provide unparalleled strategic leadership at all levels throughout the organization.

Benefits of Working at Gatestone

At Gatestone, we understand that our corporate success starts by attracting the right people, developing and mentoring those that show potential and taking steps to retain and promote our top performers.

We believe in our employees and invest in providing the best growth opportunities. Promotions at Gatestone are based on merit, past performance, and leadership potential. We recognize our top employees and help them succeed. We also have a full time Employee Engagement Specialist who ensures we have fun while working hard!

When you join Gatestone, you do more than join a company. You become part of a team of talented and self- driven individuals dedicated to bring success to the Company and their lives.

Be a part of an Awarding Winning Company.

Check us out in Instagram to see how much fun the Gatestone experience really is!

https://www.instagram.com/gatestonebpo

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $14.50 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Administrative: 2 years (Required)
Call Center: 2 years (Required)
As400: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Associate (Required)
Location:
Phoenix, AZ 85004 (Required)
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
