National Education Partners is looking for a Data Analyst, Marketing to analyze our various digital marketing efforts, build attribution models, and help the marketing team drive performance. You will implement tools and strategies to translate raw data into valuable marketing and enrollment insights.

Marketing Data Analyst, we expect you to have strong logical reasoning skills and business intelligence. The ability to communicate effectively with not only marketing team members, but also cross-functional departments is essential. If you also have solid industry experience, we would like to meet you. Your goal will be to help our business use data to drive high performance and quality.
NEP will not sponsor applicants for STEM-OPT or work visas.

Essential Functions
Managing Google Analytics and gleaning key insights to optimize performance
Determine outcomes of A/B and multi-variate testing of websites, landing pages, and creative assets
Reporting on marketing KPIs like leads, conversion rates, website traffic and social media engagement
Act as the key marketing analyst while being able to collaborate with finance/analytics/IT departments to help connect all the key data points together to influence the marketing/enrollment teams on making different decisions based upon the data
Develop predictive models based on research to anticipate market demand
Consult with department heads and present marketing plans to the organization
Utilize technology stack tools to help make actionable decisions from them
Extract reports from multiple sources (e.g. Google Analytics, Sparkroom, Sales Force suite of products, Optimizely, Birst )
Extrapolate market trends and patterns from data analysis and suggests opportunities
Keep abreast of industry news and trends
Perform other duties as assigned
Reasonable and consistent attendance to fulfill requirements of the position
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Knowledge of Excel; familiarity with business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau, Birst, SAS, Optimizely)
In-depth understanding of SEM, SEO, PPC, and affiliate marketing practices
Superb communication skills
Analytical skills and strong organizational abilities
Attention to detail
Problem-solving aptitude
Solid experience in data analysis and reporting; industry experience is a plus
Proficient with Microsoft Word and other applications in the Microsoft Office suite
Education and Experience
Proven experience as a Marketing Analyst or similar role
BS/BA in Marketing Analytics or Research, Data Management, or a related field preferred
Experience in higher education preferred
Experience working in a technology-driven enterprise preferred
All skills, abilities and education will be considered for minimum qualifications
Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a team member to perform the essential functions of this job successfully. The physical requirements for performing the essential functions of this position require the team member to be able to:
Able to sit, stand, kneel, walk, and reach.
Able to lift, push, pull, and/or move up to 20 pounds.
Hear well enough to communicate with others.
Read a computer screen and written material.
Write, type, and use phone system.
Working Conditions

This position operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets and fax machines.
Good working environment with the absence of disagreeable conditions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
Regular and reliable attendance is required.


Who We Are

National Education Partners (NEP) provides premier online program management (OPM) services for leading educational institutions. NEP offers a rich history of delivering traditional academic operations support in areas such as finance, human resources, enrollment, financial aid, marketing, information technology and much more. Today, NEP is the OPM of record for Northcentral University (NCU), which offers doctoral, master’s and bachelor’s degrees in business, technology, education, and psychology, as well as doctoral and master’s degrees in healthcare and marriage and family therapy. NEP also provides online services to John F. Kennedy University. Both NEP and NCU are part of the National University System, a system of nonprofit universities with its headquarters in La Jolla, California.
