Requisition Number 20-0405
Post Date 6/10/2020
Title Data Center Services Analyst I, II, III, or Senior
Position Type Full Time
Company Alaska USA Federal Credit Union
Location Glendale Data Center
City Glendale
State AZ
Minimum Salary Grade Category 10: depending on experience
Work Hours Monday - Friday: 8:00 am - 5:00 pm
Regular Schedule is five 8 hour days? Yes
Description

Reports to: Varies by location

Functions Supervised: None

Primary Functions: The Senior Data Center Services Analyst is responsible for administering the Credit Union’s enterprise production environment. This individual will act as a gatekeeper to ensure and maintain the health and integrity of
the production environment. They will work with stakeholders to deploy complex, enterprise production solutions such as core application deployment and maintenance, VMware, Citrix, and operating system upgrades, security standards and controls, and vulnerability
management.

Duties and Responsibilities:
Data Center Services III duties and responsibilities.
Provide project leadership for a complex multidisciplinary team in support of application and operating system deployments.
Deploy and upgrade complex enterprise applications and operating systems.
Participate in the design and deployment of complex security controls and standards.
Assist with the research and mitigation of complex security vulnerabilities.
Assist with development of enterprise anti-virus, malware, and data-loss prevention controls.
Develop complex scripts in support of departmental projects and initiatives.
Maintain current professional and technical knowledge pertaining to industry standards and best practices in the field.
After hours work and on-call as assigned.
Assist in training Data Center Services Analyst I, II, III personnel.
Perform other duties as assigned.

Requirements

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field.

Creditable Experience in Lieu of Education: Equivalent in technical training and/or work experience.

Experience/Skills: Eight years demonstrable experience managing and deploying enterprise systems. Three years’ experience as a Data Center Services Analyst III or equivalent experience and/or training. MCSE/AIX Unix or other advanced IT
certification preferred. Must have working knowledge of hyper-converged infrastructures, Windows operating systems, Linux operating systems, client/server networking, scripting languages, and tools. Excellent communications and interpersonal skills required.
Experience with ServiceNow, SolarWinds, and ITIL v3 certifications are all plusses.

Tenure: Assignment to the Data Center Services Analyst I category 10, Data Center Services Analyst II category 09, Data Center Services Analyst III category 08, or Senior Data Center Services Analyst category 07 will be determined by the
candidate's education and experience. Advancement requires management recommendation based on the candidate's certifications and/or performance.

Apply Online
Send This Job to a Friend

© Copyright

Alaska USA and UltraBranch are registered trademarks of Alaska USA Federal Credit Union

Mortgage loans are provided by Alaska USA Mortgage Company, LLC.
License #AK157293.
Washington Consumer Loan Company License #CL-157293.
Licensed by the Department of Business Oversight under the California Residential Mortgage Lending Act, License #4131067.

Instructions
Enter your User ID
Click "Log in" to view you personalized keypad and enter your PAC.
Your initial User ID is your member account number, as printed in the top-right corner of your statement.

Problems
Forgot Password (PAC)
Forgot User ID
Other issues
Still have questions?
Call (800) 525-9094

Learn more

Learn about UltraBranch

Secure your computer
Stay up-to-date on all operating system patches for your computer, phone, or tablet.
Use a current web browser, and install all updates.
Install anti-virus and anti-spyware software, and keep these programs updated.

Protect yourself
Never share your Personal Access Code (PAC).
Review you account regularly and contact the Member Service Center if you have questions.
Remember Alaska USA will never call, email, or text its members to request confidential information.
Learn more about fraud, identity theft, and phishing.
