PK currently has exciting opportunity for a Master Data Operation Analyst that would like to join our team as a full-time employee. Locations for this position are:
Bloomfield CT, New York NY, Franklin Lakes NJ, McLean VA, Raleigh NC, Denver CO, Austin TX, Chicago IL, Nashville TN, Chattanooga, TN, Phoenix AZ, Pittsburgh PA

Responsible for daily review and resolution of duplicate/linkage tasks.
Review all types of tasks based on the established workflow hierarchy (tasks: potential overlays, potential duplicates, potential linkages and review identifier).
Updates tasks as appropriate according to established procedures and guidelines, while meeting set expectations with metrics.
Provide timely and clear communication regarding production issues and business impacts, as needed.
Notifies Data Steward/Manager of errors and potential problems and provides appropriate follow up.
Maintains and protects confidentiality information.
Complies with all organizational and departmental policies and procedures.
Performs other duties as assigned.

5+ years’ experience in related data operations or analysis functions. Experience with health care operations and data preferred. Experience with Master Data analysis a plus.
Excellent decision making abilities and effective problem solving skills. Ability to analyze data and make decisions based on the information gathered.
Analytical experience (e.g. data and process analysis, quality metrics, policies, standards, and processes) preferred.
Strong time management skills; organized with strong focus and excellent attention to detail.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
~ In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at PK are based exclusively on merit.  PK does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, including gender identity and identity expression, national origin, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.
