The FAS Data and Analytics group has an exciting opportunity for an FAS Data Quality Analyst to join our Data Governance and Quality team! We’re looking data-oriented crew to continue building out the data operations function for FAS data. This is a unique opportunity to partner with our sales channels to understand the sales strategy and ensure that we have best in class data to drive performance and support the channels in making data driven decisions.

Core Responsibilities

1. Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions, and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and supports projects through completion.

2. Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.

3. Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using analytical methods.

4. Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.

5. May own and manage recurring analytic or reporting processes.

6. Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications
Minimum of three years related work experience.
Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience.
Vanguard is not offering visa sponsorship for this position.

About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
