Job ID: 300-1 (Magellan Health)

Job Title: Senior Data and Reporting Analyst

Location: Phoenix, AZ 85034

Duration: 09+ months

Job Description: Senior Data and Reporting Analyst

Assists in the identification of key business issues and the design of analytic approaches.

Conducts research on identified key business issues.

Provides oversight and direction to analysts and assigned components of project work.

Evaluates and distills analyses conducted by other departments and/or outside consultants.

Assists in developing and utilizing data gathering tools, such as surveys/questionnaires, work sampling, financial modeling, and/or interview questions, to ensure that appropriate quantitative and qualitative data is gathered for the analyses.

Extracts data for analysis and interpretation.

Conducts quantitative and qualitative analyses on a broad array of issues across disciplines, projects and functional areas.

Structures and executes analysis independently.

Prepares preliminary interpretations of analyses for project teams, clients, and/or department management.

Recommends suggested action steps based on the analytic results.

Prepares reports synthesizing analytical results, highlighting implications of findings.

Follows through any further actions based on the results using sound business judgment.

Assists in the development of project proposals, recommendations, implementation plans, communication packages, performance measurement tools, and training materials related to the assigned projects.

Contributes to practice development and department administration including, recruiting, debriefing on training, and developing thought pieces on topics like change management.

May provide input to performance reviews of others in the department.

Performs other duties as required.

Responsibilities:

5-7 years of related analytical and/or consulting experience required.

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, IT, Mathematics or related field. May consider an additional 3-4 years of relevant experience in lieu of Bachelor's degree.

Requires strong expertise in MS Excel and relational database such as MS Access and other database management (MS SQL) and reporting tools.

Ability to use reporting software such as Actuate, Cognos, Crystal reports, SAS, or other.

Ability to query the company's data warehouse and/or department systems in response to data requests.

Managed care experience preferred.

Database management strongly preferred.

Healthcare experience preferred.

Work Experience: Analytics/Informatics

Education: BS/BA
