About Us

Access is an IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) company providing solutions to supply chain, aviation and construction sectors. We help our customers improve safety, compliance, productivity and hence their bottom line.

Position Overview

You will take responsibility for managing our master data set, developing reports, and troubleshooting data issues. To do well in this role you need to be detail oriented, have experience or an educational background in data analysis, and familiarity with data analysis tools and databases.

Position Responsibilities
Collaborate with and offer insights into different internal teams.
Provide teams and individual stakeholders with actionable insights based on data to support decision making efforts.
Extract raw data from numerous data sources and aggregate it into cohesive data sets to ensure data is accurate and stable.
Build and analyze automated data set dashboards to predict issues before they arise, identify bugs in data and resolve them.
Design analytics dashboards and KPI reports for internal teams to identify critical data points and translate data into clear and coherent visualizations and reports for non-technical teams.
Support individual team members by creating customizable tabular or visual reports with ad hoc reporting.
Communicate and present on technical information in non-technical terms.
Training end users on new reports and dashboards.
Position Requirements
Students majoring in statistics, math, computer science, physics, finance, business administration, economics or a related field.
Experience working in technical data analysis, data science, data warehousing, financial services or related.
Experience with designing reports and dashboards.
Experience with databases.
Strong knowledge of coding languages.
Knowledge of methodologies and processes for managing large scale databases.
Excellent communication skills including written, verbal and presentation.
Job Types: Full-time, Internship

Pay: $15.00 - $17.00 per hour

Schedule:

Monday to Friday
COVID-19 considerations:
To keep our employees safe we have regular disinfection of the office premises and everyone around wears a mask.

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
theaccessway.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/Access-Control-Group-Access-100773445034653/
Work Remotely:
No
