Company Summary
Docutech, A First American Company, offers a wide range of document technology solutions for mortgage, home equity and consumer lending, including document generation, eDelivery, eSign and print fulfillment. Our efficient solutions enable lending professionals to produce accurate and compliant loan packages in all 50 states. A career at Docutech means joining First American (NYSE: FAF), a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions. First American has been helping customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. People are the key to our continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.firstam.com
Job Summary


The First American/Docutech Sr. Data Business Analysts are responsible for providing senior level data analytical services to the business. This includes gathering operational data, examining past performance and providing recommendations on how to improve new data processes and increase data content.

Essential Functions
Conducts business process evaluations utilizing data trends
Identifies problems, defines business process requirements develops solutions and implements solutions to increase data content and create new solutions to profit the business
Considers business implications of work flow and process to the current business environment
Manages projects involving data aggregations and custom solutions
Partners with business partners and SMEs to create documentation of business processes, train offshore resources, and standardize operating procedures
Generates and creates reports for analysis
Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used
Strong analytical skills to determine root cause of problems and apply creative/effective solutions
Data management skills
Strong business acumen
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, and experience interfacing with clients, vendors and offshore partners
Ability to make independent approval decisions on behalf of the team
Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Ability to follow and develop data metrics and audit procedures
Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements
Strong leadership and mentoring skills
Detail oriented with strong organizational skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent interpersonal, relationship-building and teamwork skills
Self-motivated; self-starter
Ability to manage multiple tasks, respond quickly to emergent problems, and focus both on long-range projects and immediate tasks
Typical Education
High School Diploma
Bachelor's degree or 3-5 years of directly related experience
Typical Range of Experience
Minimum 5-7 years of experience in data and business analyst
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
