Risk/Regulatory Reporting Project Data Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10036061-WD

Job Type Day

Location Tempe, ARIZONA


Date Posted 06/10/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Risk/Regulatory Reporting Project Data Analyst

Job Summary

Within the RSS Project Business Analyst Center Of Excellence is a team of data analysts specialized in hands-on data management and delivery, providing a shared facility, leadership, standard methodologies, research, and support for Risk and Regulatory Reporting initiatives where data management is centric or a critical component.

The team is responsible for delivering data solutions specific to individual initiatives while building toward the Target State of Data Strategy at MUFG. All Analysts on this team are expected to demonstrate solid understanding of the mid/long-term goals of the organization, internal and external partners, and understanding of the Transformation Programs. With these in mind, the analysts apply efficient and results-oriented data practices in performing daily tasks such as identifying accurate (Golden Source) data sets for consumption, accumulating data assets, and enforcing data reliability, consistency and standardization practices.

This position will also support management in defining organization’s Target Operating Model and perform tasks supporting the maturation of the team’s capabilities and capacities outside of data management tasks.

Responsibilities
Serve as a data SME
Provide data management services by working independently or as a part of a cross-organizational project team to implement solutions through automation and process re-engineering
Partner with Project Manager, Business Analysts, LOB Leads and Operations and Technology partners to collaborate at each phase of the project life cycle
Partner with other teams within the C Central Data Office organization, Enterprise Architecture, or the Transformation Program to learn and implement the latest standards through hands-on project execution.
Turn concepts into daily practices and then provide feedback to continue evolving the standards and guidelines
Understand business and data requirements by working closely with requirement owners and their representatives (Business Analysts)
Build data requirement documentation (DRD) to promote consistent standards for structuring and documenting requirements, using standard templates with appropriate data domains, granularity, terminology, definitions and taxonomy
Use appropriate information to diagnose problems, identify possible solutions and collaborate with impacted groups to drive decisions
Perform data management standard methodologies including but not limited to data sourcing, data profiling, defining data quality monitoring needs and corresponding rules, BIM/SOF-mappings, LOV mappings, enterprise data normalization, data validation, and produce required documents to support the work to be accomplished
Provide advice and oversight to ensure key data design decisions are aligned to the overall data strategy
Collaborate and effectively communicate between all parties involved to build strong working relationships and improve the efficiency of project execution
Validate that the final result meets the customer and business requirements

Qualifications
3 to 5 years of Risk and/or Regulatory Reporting experience
3 to 5 years of project experience as an analyst
Minimum of 3 years hands-on experience in various data management practices including
Data Analytics
Data Normalization
Root Cause Analysis
Advanced SQL capability
Database Analysis Tools – Toad, SAS, MS Access
Advanced Excel skills
Minimum of three years data requirements documentation including:
data flow diagrams
data profiling
data sourcing
data reconciliation
data validation
Metadata management tools – Collibra and Analytix preferred
Reporting tools experience – Axiom, Tableau, Wdata/Wdesk, OFSAA/OBIEE
Experience in logical/physical data modeling and coding to implement data sourcing and integration is a big plus
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Project Management
Primary Location Tempe, Arizona


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
