The Data Analyst Senior is responsible for providing accurate, complete and meaningful reports and analysis of financial information used for business management and decision making. The Senior Data Analyst works closely with Fiber department and/or functional managers to determine report requirements, build reports, and quality test financial results prior to distribution. The Senior Data Analyst also provides support with project management services for large data projects. Essential Job Functions • Develops and deploys reporting and analysis that is accurate, complete and properly summarized to aid in management of business and management decision making. Responsible for extracting and summarizing data from Oracle and other corporate systems. • Has expert knowledge of Oracle tables and field usage. Has thorough knowledge of other corporate software, programs and data tools. Assists managers with report design and development. Tests reports and ensures that they perform as expected. • Understands flow of data internally and in relation to the General Ledger. • Produces weekly, monthly, and quarterly trend and activity reports as well as other operational and management reports. Ensures that reports are produced per scheduled timelines for review by functional management teams. • Analyzes large amounts of data and investigates and researches anomalies. Works with department and/or functional teams to correct issues when identified. • Works with IT Business Intelligence team to design, test and deploy MRE reports for general usage. • Provides support to management to produce reports and analyze large amounts of data as part of acquisitions or other special projects. • Produces ad-hoc reporting as assigned. Education/Certifications • Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in Business, Accounting, Finance or related field Experience/Minimum Requirements • Five (5) years Accounting/Finance/Business reporting and analysis experience • Experience working with Accounting/Finance/Business end users Other Skills/Abilities • Excellent PC skills -advanced Excel functions • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills • Ability to summarize large amounts of complex data into management reports • Knowledge of Oracle and other data analysis and financial software and tools • Ability to problem solve to determine root causes of anomalies • Understand and write reports using various software and tools • Ability to manage multiple projects and priorities • Responds well under pressure with deadlines Working Conditions: Works in a normal office setting with no exposure to adverse environmental conditions. *** Dear Suppliers, the manager would like to see the following in the candidates that get submitted to this requisition: - Accounting and Data Analytic background - 4+ years of schooling (Accounting will need to be part of this request) Dear suppliers, please read the description carefully. The manager would like to see candidates that have a Financial Analysis background. Must have heavy Excel experience and also have the ability of analyzing data in a quick manner. Must have extensive Excel experience working with v-lookups, formulas, etc.... The supplier bill rate is: $45 an hour. Please do not submit past $45 an hour.
