Data Analyst - Priceguide

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Corporate Headquarters - Plymouth Meeting, PA
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
Bachelor's degree preferred
Salary Range
Undisclosed
Travel Percentage
25%
Job Shift
Day
Job Category
Undisclosed
Description
POSITION SUMMARY

Provide data analysis services and assistance to healthcare and hospital leadership, coordinate and conduct research and assessment activities that provide data to support and enhance decision-making and reporting. Assist with healthcare operations like spend analytics, comparative analytics and technology and market assessment. Demonstrate and maintain an outstanding record of achievement with regard to quality of work, professionalism, work ethic, analysis, resourcefulness, and creativity. Benefit from a healthy work-life balance while thriving in an innovative culture. Sleep well knowing you are helping achieve a world where safe, high-quality healthcare is accessible to everyone.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Reasonable Accommodations Statement
To accomplish this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, each essential function satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to help enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Essential Functions Statements(s)
Analyze large amounts of data: facts, figures, and numbers to find conclusions and actionable recommendations for business groups.
Efficiently communicate complex ideas, learn from others, and adopt standards.
Create and troubleshoot simple to advanced level SQL queries.
Support and work with cross-functional teams.
Troubleshoot and effectively diagnose and fix problems.
Adhere to ECRI standards and best practices.
Work independently and within a team when needed.
Participate in team meetings.
Participate in personal growth opportunities.
Provide ongoing support to the leadership within the PriceGuide Service, current clientele
Synthesize information drawn from various ECRI internal databases and external sources to create reports that assist hospitals or healthcare professionals in their decision making process
Assemble large, complex data sets that meet functional / non-functional business requirements
Assist Sales by supporting custom requests, sample analyses and demonstrations
Participate in presentation of said reports as requested either in person or via webinar
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data, review reports and performance indicators to locate and correct data problems
Create and deliver final project deliverables to clients
Work closely with management to prioritize business and information needs
Work directly with clients and internal leadership teams to gather and document project requirements
Qualifications
Experience:
1 - 3 years of recent experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases, such as SQL Server, PostgreSQL, Cassandra and Redis
Proven working experience as a data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models and data mining
Analyze large amounts of data: facts, figures, and numbers to find conclusions and actionable recommendations for business groups
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Superior customer service and communication skills
Healthcare experience a plus
Education: Associate or Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain, Data Analytics, Business Analytics or related major degree OR Equivalent professional experience

Computer Skills: Proficient with Microsoft Office 2007+, SQL and NoSQL databases

PHYSICAL DEMANDS
N (Not Applicable)

Activity is not applicable to this position.
O (Occasionally)

Position requires this activity up to 33% of the time (0 - 2.5+ hrs/day)
F (Frequently)

Position requires this activity from 33% - 66% of the time (2.5 - 5.5+ hrs/day)
C (Constantly)

Position requires this activity more than 66% of the time (5.5+ hrs/day)

Physical Demands
Stand

N Lift/Carry
Walk

N 10 lbs or less O
Sit

C 11-20 lbs N
Manually Manipulate

C 21-50 lbs N
Grasp

N 51-100 lbs N
Reach Outward

N Over 100 lbs N
Reach Above Shoulder

N
Speak

C Push/Pull
Climb

N 12 lbs or less N
Crawl

N 13-25 lbs N
Squat or Kneel

N 26-40 lbs N
Bend

N 41-100 lbs N

Other Physical Requirements
Vision (Near)
WORK ENVIRONMENT

Typical Office Environment

Equal Opportunity Employer-Disability and Veteran
