Description Robert Half Technology is looking for a Business Analyst in Philadelphia, PA Responsibilities for Business Analyst - Sift through massive amounts of data, pivot tables, trend analytics (Excel) - Reviews and evaluates description of changes to database designs. - Understands impact of database changes and makes recommendations as appropriate. - Interacts with project managers to design appropriate solutions and tactically executes upon design. - Participates in Business Process Modeling sessions, acting as a documentarian, cofacilitator, or subject matter expert in sketch sessions. - Conducts preliminary investigation for all project requests reviews requirements, specifications, tests, support and training plans to ensure they are in line with business objectives on projects. - Develops reports and custom request for users. - Performs system tuning, performance monitoring, and database maintenance. - Develops both technical and end-user documentation. - Assists with development and execution of IT process Requirements - 3-4 years of experience - Expert level with Microsoft Excel (Excel Formulas, Excel VBA) - PMO- Project Management Office experience - JIRA and QlikView knowledge is plus Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
