Data Analyst Job Summary

We’re looking to add a detail-oriented, methodical, and collaborative data analyst to our growing team of driven professionals. As a data analyst, you will play a key role in our organization. Your primary goal will be to leverage data and communicate your findings to help us make smarter, data-backed business decisions.

Business Analyst Duties and Responsibilities
Analyze financial and business status by collecting, monitoring, and studying data.
Identify trends in business performance and provide recommendations for improvement.
Analyze current and past business/financial data and performance and establish and evaluate profit plans.
Prepare reports and projections based on this analysis to provide financial models and forecasts
Responsible for design, development and implementation of a robust system to collect, cleanse and analyze data from various systems and databases.
Work on engineering and analytical tasks to develop statistical models to enhance business decision making and meet business KPIs
Work on business intelligence tools such as Tableau to present business insights to management through data visualization.
Big data handling and retrieving for historical purchase and sale transactions of all the cities and regions.
Develop incorporate machine learning algorithms using Python based on market trend, operational and other global factors.
Tools and technologies utilized: Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Pandas, Spyder, Jupyter Notebook, R studio, QlikView, KNIME, ETL.
Business Analyst Requirements and Qualifications
Bachelors Degree desired.
Expert-level analytical and financial modeling skills.
Strong presentation skills, and the ability to influence and persuade others. Communication skills with the ability to distill complex subjects to a wider audience.
Knowledge of ERP systems and related technologies.
Excellent time management and organizational ability.
Ability to multitask and consistently meet deadlines.
Ability to identify useful information in data sets and suggest conclusions that support decision making.
Understanding of data gathering, inspecting, cleansing, transforming, and modeling/diagramming techniques.
Excellent leadership, collaboration, and project management skills.
Keen attention to detail.
Willingness to make decisions and solve problems.
About EMR

EMR's presence in America has increased over recent years with organic growth accelerated by strategic acquisitions in key locations. We have coverage in more than 20 states with almost 2,000 employees spread across these sites. Our American operations form a crucial part of EMR's international activities.

Our core business is the recycling of metal from a range of sources such as End-of-Life vehicles/consumer products, industry, construction and demolition. We have extensive ferrous and non-ferrous operations worldwide and produce over 100 grades of high quality recycled materials which are taken to market by our substantial road, rail and shipping network.

Supporting our core activities are a range of specialist divisions including industrial clearance, total waste management, ship breaking, servicing local government service providers and cable, copper and aluminum granulation facilities. Also, through our own and our joint venture activities we are working towards becoming a zero waste company.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $80,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Aggressive -- competitive and growth-oriented
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Company's website:
www.emrgroup.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
