As a Data Scientist for the CIA, you will organize and interpret data to inform US decision makers, drive successful operations and shape CIA technology and resource investments. Through CIA's global mission, the Agency has access to unique and highly specialized data sets. You will work with advanced hardware, software and techniques to develop computational algorithms and statistical methods that find patterns and relationships in large volumes of data. Data Scientists clearly communicate their conclusions to a diverse audience and become experts through Agency-sponsored continuing education, attendance at academic and technical conferences as well as collaboration with the Intelligence Community.

Offices of the CIA – Directorate of Digital Innovation


The Directorate of Digital Innovation (DDI) is at the forefront of defining the future of digital expertise within the CIA. DDI focuses on developing the workforce with cutting-edge skills, investing in IT infrastructure, and modernizing the way the Agency does business. DDI officers help accelerate the integration of innovative methods and tools to enhance the CIA's cyber and digital capabilities on a global scale and ultimately help safeguard our nation. Learn more about the Directorate of Digital Innovation.

Qualifications
US citizenship required (dual-national US citizens eligible). All positions require relocation to the Washington, DC metro area.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree
Experience in a science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) related field, such as:
Computational social science
Computer science
Data analytics
Economics
Engineering
Geospatial analysis
Mathematics
Operations research
Quantitative finance
Statistics
GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale
Experience with real world data through thesis research, internships, or work experience
Creativity
Initiative
Integrity
Leadership abilities
Problem solving skills
Ability to work in a diverse team environment
Desired Qualifications:


Advanced degree in a data science equivalent field or sub-field
Experience working with data rich problems through research or programs
Experience with computer programming or user experience/user interface
Ability to successfully complete projects with large or incomplete data and provide solutions
Strong written and verbal communication skills
All applicants must successfully complete:


A thorough medical and psychological exam
A polygraph interview
A comprehensive background investigation
To be considered suitable for Agency employment, applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last 12 months. The issue of illegal drug use prior to 12 months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing.

How to Apply
If you are ready to apply, add this position to your job cart. You can add up to four (4) positions. Job cart selections will only be retained during this site visit, so be sure to click "Apply Now" before closing the browser window. After clicking "Apply Now" you will be taken to the application account creation page. The positions will appear in the cart once you have created an account.

DO NOT submit multiple applications; this will only slow the review of your application and delay processing. Please read the Application Instructions carefully before you begin the online application process.
Important application instructions for this position:

The following items must be attached to your on-line application (PDF format preferred):
Resume
Cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for this position. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants.
Unofficial transcripts for all degrees
A writing sample, five (5) pages MAXIMUM, single spaced, technical or analytic paper that focuses on your current area of expertise or interest and is related to your interest in positions at CIA. You can excerpt longer papers.

Important Notice: Friends, family, individuals, or organizations may be interested to learn that you are seeking employment with the CIA. Their interest, however, may not be benign or in your best interest. Once you reveal your interest you lose control of that information. We ask all applicants to exercise discretion and good judgment in disclosing your interest in a position with the CIA. You will receive further guidance on this topic as you proceed through your CIA employment processing.
