In Vanguard's Client Experience & Digital (CXD) department, our goal is to evolve and enhance our client’s digital experiences. In this technical, data analytics role you will be a key team member that uncovers insights and deepens understanding of our investors needs and experiences. You will design experiments, wrangle and interrogate data, evaluate tests with statistical rigor, assesses trends and develops actionable insights and recommendations in support of business objectives. You will support and train junior analysts.

Core Responsibilities
Engages with internal partners to understand business strategy, questions and goals. Brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion. Delegates tasks and provides tactical and strategic guidance to peers.
Designs experiments & appropriate measurement plans to test appropriate hypotheses.
Acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
Performs analyses of historical data to surface trends and insights using advanced analytical methods. Validates analytical techniques employed by other analysts.
Prepares and delivers visualizations and internal presentations that translate analytic insights into tangible, actionable solutions for business partners to implement.
Develops, owns and manages recurring analytic or reporting processes.
Mentors, coaches, trains, and develops junior data analysts. Proactively expands knowledge of business and analytics and shares with team members. Shares and documents best practices.
Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Minimum of five years related work experience in a quantitative role.
Undergraduate degree or equivalent combination of training and experience. Master's level preferred.
Experienced with SQL in a business setting to query data.
Experienced with Python, R, SAS, or other advanced programming language.
About Vanguard

We are Vanguard. Together, we’re changing the way the world invests.

For us, investing doesn’t just end in value. It starts with values. Because when you invest with courage, when you invest with clarity, and when you invest with care, you can get so much more in return. We invest with purpose – and that’s how we’ve become a global market leader. Here, we grow by doing the right thing for the people we serve. And so can you.

We want to make success accessible to everyone. This is our opportunity. Let’s make it count.

Inclusion Statement

Vanguard’s continued commitment to diversity and inclusion is firmly rooted in our culture. Every decision we make to best serve our clients, crew (internally employees are referred to as crew), and communities is guided by one simple statement: “Do the right thing.”

We believe that a critical aspect of doing the right thing requires building diverse, inclusive, and highly effective teams of individuals who are as unique as the clients they serve. We empower our crew to contribute their distinct strengths to achieving Vanguard’s core purpose through our values.

When all crew members feel valued and included, our ability to collaborate and innovate is amplified, and we are united in delivering on Vanguard's core purpose.

Our core purpose: To take a stand for all investors, to treat them fairly, and to give them the best chance for investment success.
