University OverviewThe University of Pennsylvania, the largest private employer in Philadelphia, is a world-renowned leader in education, research, and innovation. This historic, Ivy League school consistently ranks among the top 10 universities in the annual U.S. News & World Report survey. Penn has 12 highly-regarded schools that provide opportunities for undergraduate, graduate and continuing education, all influenced by Penn's distinctive interdisciplinary approach to scholarship and learning.Penn offers a unique working environment within the city of Philadelphia. The University is situated on a beautiful urban campus, with easy access to a range of educational, cultural, and recreational activities. With its historical significance and landmarks, lively cultural offerings, and wide variety of atmospheres, Philadelphia is the perfect place to call home for work and play.The University offers a competitive benefits package that includes excellent healthcare and tuition benefits for employees and their families, generous retirement benefits, a wide variety of professional development opportunities, supportive work and family benefits, a wealth of health and wellness programs and resources, and much more.Posted Job TitleClinical Data AnalystJob Profile TitleClinical Research Coordinator BJob Description SummaryThe Data Analyst will work as part of an integrated, dynamic and fast moving team in the Center for Study and Treatment of Inflammatory Lymphadenopathies (CSTL) that is focused on improving outcomes for patients with Castleman disease, a rare and deadly disease. To achieve this goal, the CSTL is conducting an international patient registry / natural history study, and we are recruiting an individual who is interested in gaining exposure to the medical field through in-depth review of medical data on complex patients.Job Description+ Review multiple different types (clinical, laboratory, radiology, pathology, etc.) of patient medical records obtained from a variety of types of institutes (some of which may be international, but will be in English) and physicians (community, specialists, academic, etc.) to identify, interpret and extract key clinical features and data element, and map them into structured data sets in the registry data base.+ Manage databases and data resources. Update and maintain data entry protocols. Track and present a variety of metrics on registry progress, including patient entry assignments. Lead weekly data entry meetings and provide data entry training as needed to new members of the team.+ Participate in other CSTL projects, such as analyzing immunofluorescence, immunohistochemistry, or in situ hybridization.+ Contact and assist patients with registry related questions and enrollment, as necessary. Contact patients and physicians to obtain missing data. Draft and disseminate quarterly updates on the registry's progress to those enrolled.+ Recruit U.S. patients and acquiring medical records from healthcare providers around the U.S.+ Perform additional duties as assignedQualifications+ BA/BS and 2 years relevant data management or data analysis experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience is required.+ Strong computer skills and experience including database management, MS Excel, and+ PowerPoint required. Experience creating and modifying relational databases. Experience with medical coding (Medra, WHO-DDE) and with patient registries is a plus.+ Knowledge of medical terminology and disease processes, and familiarity with Castleman disease and/or oncology clinical information and research is desirable.+ High level of attention to detail, organizational skills and commitment to accuracy is required.+ Possess good data entry methodologies that ensure accurate and precise data entry and monitoring.+ Comfort in an "iterative environment" in which periodic rework is inevitable. Job Location - City, StatePhiladelphia, PennsylvaniaDepartment / SchoolPerelman School of MedicinePay Range$42,953.00 - $77,315.00Affirmative Action Statement Penn adheres to a policy that prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.Special Requirements Background check required after a conditional job offer is made. Consideration of the background check will be tailored to the requirements of the job.The University of Pennsylvania's special character is reflected in the diversity of the Penn community. We seek talented faculty and staff who will constitute a vibrant community that draws on the strength that comes with a substantive institutional commitment to diversity along dimensions of race, ethnicity, gender, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, veteran status, interests, perspectives, and socioeconomic status. Grounded in equal opportunity, nondiscrimination, and affirmative action, Penn's robust commitment to diversity is fundamental to the University's mission of advancing knowledge, educating leaders for all sectors of society, and public service. The University of Pennsylvania prohibits unlawful discrimination based on race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, citizenship status, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected class.
