Transforming the future of healthcare isn t something we take lightly. It
takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an
one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we
are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier
communities.Here at Change Healthcare, we re using our influence to drive
positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate
people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.

If you re ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company
that s committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change
Healthcare.Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include
all.Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.
The Data Analyst, Value Based Payments (VBP) will design and execute analyses
using a variety of data sources, including health care and pharmacy claims.
With guidance from the Vice President, Value Based Payment Analytics, the Data
Analyst will work with product development and implementation teams to ensure
our VBP platform delivers the necessary insights to our clients. Projects range
from quick, time-sensitive queries to longer term studies that become part of
VBP roadmap. This is an excellent opportunity for the right candidate to
influence the development of cutting edge product in the rapidly growing VBP
market.

Responsibilities
Interrogate a variety of data sources to identify patterns in data
Identify unanticipated trends/patterns in the data
Communicate suggestions for continuous improvements in data quality
Evaluate historical data to understand the impact of historical /
proposed changes to Value Based Programs
Create insights into, and metrics for client Value Based Programs work
with Product Development team to implement findings into Value Based
Payment (HealthQX) product
Clearly document and present findings from analysis projects, including
data quality, methodology, results and implications for clients.

Minimum_Requirements
3-5 years of experience in designing, building, and implementing business
solutions using information technology.
Proven, significant experience in business analysis, requirements
definition and deployment of business requirements to information
systems.

Critical_Skills
Sound written and interpersonal communication skills, ability to
translate complex methodology to both technical and non-technical
audiences.
2 or more years of experience working in Health Care, Data Analytics, or
Information Management
Excellent SQL skills, including report formatting and presentation
Health Care Claims Data experience working with or exposure to claims
data

Additional_Knowledge_&_Skills
Ability to collect, manage, analyze and interpret quantitative data
Self-sufficient with regard to standard computer desktop tools and
general office software knowledge; additional computer skills/tools a
plus
Independent worker: courage, decision quality, listening, drive for
results, customer and client focus, integrity and ability to deal with
ambiguity
Demonstrated ability to independently learn new technical skills (e.g.,
advanced Excel, SQL, R)
Must be able to manage and prioritize multiple projects at one time
Comfortable in a growing department that is still evolving its methods,
priorities and resources

Desired_Personal_Characteristics
Inquisitive, problem-solving in nature
Data-driven, detail-oriented and fact-based
Hands-on, action-oriented style
Proven ability to roll up your sleeves and contribute quickly
A team player capable of working effectively with individuals throughout
the organization

Education_/_Training
Bachelor's Degree in a field such as: Information Management, Computer
Science, Computer Engineering, Data Science, Mathematics or related field
preferred.
4-year degree in computer science or related field or equivalent
experience

Physical_Requirements
Environment Office environment, up to 10% travel required.
Physical Requirements Sitting, standing, walking, and using keyboar
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly
collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information,
national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment
discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://
and the supplemental information at

OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf .

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for
employment, please contact us by sending an email to
with "Applicant requesting reasonable
accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will
not be accepted.

Click here
transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency
nondiscrimination policy.

Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment
drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local
laws.

Show moreShow less
