Position Description:

The Data Governance Analyst is a high visibility position within Freedom Mortgage’s Data Governance organization and is responsible for supporting the enterprise-wide data governance program. This position requires both a strong understanding of data governance policies, standards and processes as well as proven technical expertise related to data warehousing, data analytics, and data quality software. The position will collaborate with data owners, data stewards, business users and Data Management team members and IT support staff on the adoption and ongoing implementation of data governance policies, best practices across the organization and remediation of the data quality issues.

Roles and Responsibilities
Engage data owners and stewards, business users, and the data management team to ensure Data Governance and Quality processes are implemented and managed, including updating and maintaining documentation, identifying and documenting critical data elements, preparing and managing business and technical metadata, defining data quality thresholds, and the identifying and triaging data integrity issues.
Responsible for the administration of data governance and quality software, maintaining a corporate data dictionary, ensuring data quality standards are met.
Organizes, coordinates and assists cross-functional teams in planning, development, and execution of Data Governance oriented business processes at the operational level.
Measure progress against data definition and quality performance targets, following up with business representatives as necessary.
Maintain data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data and mitigate any potential risks to data quality.
Builds dashboards and reporting to ensure proper communicate of the Data Governance program

Position Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree; computer science, software engineering, information systems or a related technical discipline preferred.
At least 2 years of experience in a Data Governance, Data Management or data centric role.
At least 3 years of experience with SQL development, data analysis and reporting
At least 2 years of experience in Project life cycle activities on development and maintenance projects. Create a detailed project management plan and other project documents. Set milestones and deadlines and Manage project resources to Assign, prioritize, and supervise project tasks
Ability to perform root cause analysis and make recommendations for the remediation of data governance and quality issues.
Must be self-directed and have excellent initiative and organization skills.
Experience in banking or mortgage industry is preferred.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and translate business needs into functional and/or technical requirements to meet the needs of the enterprise.
Knowledge and understanding of data governance and data quality and how they affect business decisions.
Ability to extract and analyze data via SQL.
Experience with business intelligence tools such as (but not limited to) Tableau, Qlik or Power BI.
Proficient in data profiling techniques and tools.
Proven skills with Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel and Access required
Personal initiative to find opportunities, lead change, improve processes and solve problems
Proven ability to collaborate with business data SME’s throughout the organization.
Proven track record of meeting commitments with the highest standards of ethics and integrity
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
#CB

Founded in Mount Laurel, NJ in 1990, Freedom Mortgage has since grown into one of the largest and fastest-growing privately owned full-service residential lenders in the USA. Licensed in all 50 states, Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Freedom Mortgage has over 5000 employees nationwide, proudly servicing $225.6 billion, and is still growing.

Our mission is to foster homeownership in America. Freedom is a leader in VA mortgage lending and is one of the mortgage industry’s largest philanthropic supporters of the USO and military families through its Team Freedom Cares philanthropic arm.

Locations include suburban Philadelphia and Fishers, IN, two regions where we were named Top Workplaces. We also have large operating centers countrywide, including these desirable markets: Beaverton , OR; Boca Raton, FL; Columbia, MD; Jacksonville, FL; Melville, NY; Plano, TX; San Dimas, CA; Tempe, AZ; Troy, MI and Woodbridge, VA.

If you seek a sense of community, top training, opportunity for advancement, a comprehensive benefits package and reward and recognition program, look no further.

Freedom Mortgage Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or their status as a protected veteran or an individual with disabilities. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k). All resumes are held in confidence. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. LENDER NMLS ID:2767

Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
