Job Description
Company Description

Eurofins Scientific is an international life sciences company which provides a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries. The Group believes it is the world leader in food, environment and pharmaceutical products testing and in agroscience CRO services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, advanced material sciences and for supporting clinical studies. In addition, Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA.

Group's key figures (as of March 2019) are approx. 3.8 billion Euros turnover, over 800 laboratories across 47 countries and about 45,000 staff.

Job Description

Stability Data Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following :
Data review will include the evaluation of raw data as well as verification of final data integrity (i.e., calculations, adherence to SOPs, BATs, BLPs, Compendia, etc.) to support biologics and vaccine stability programs.
Compilation of laboratory data, and entry into LIMS
Utilization of statistical programs to track and trend stability data
Data analysis and generation of plots and/or graphs
Qualifications

The ideal candidate would possess :
General laboratory skills and background knowledge
Experience using Microsoft Office programs such as Word and Excel
Experience using SAS or Minitab a plus
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication skills (oral and written) and attention to detail
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies
Strong understanding of GMP regulations
Highly collaborative team player, with excellent organizational skills, ability to navigate and be successful in fast-paced and highly-matrixed work environment with changing priorities
Basic Minimum Qualifications :
Bachelor's degree in Chemistry, Biology, Engineering, or related scientific fields or other related degree concentration, or equivalent directly-related experience (two years of directly related industry experience is equivalent to one full-time year of college in related major)
Minimum 2– 4 years of experience in a QC GMP environment
Authorization to work in the United States indefinitely without restriction or sponsorship
Additional Information

Position is full-time 8am-5pm Monday through Friday with overtime as needed. Candidates currently living within a commutable distance of West Point, PA are encouraged to apply.

As a Eurofins Lancaster Labs employee, you will become part of a company that has received national recognition as a great place to work. We offer excellent full-time benefits including comprehensive medical coverage, life and disability insurance, 401(k) with company match, paid holidays and vacation, personal days, and dental and vision options.

To learn more about Eurofins, please explore our website www.eurofinsus.com .

Eurofins is a M/F, Disabled, and Veteran Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
