Position Requirements: Education and Experience:
Sr level experience in a Data Governance, Data Management or Data Centric role.
Data analysis techniques and tools (i.e. SQL, Python, R).
Business intelligence tools such (i.e. Tableau, Qlik or Power BI).
Data profiling techniques and tools.
Experience in the mortgage industry or related field is a plus.
Strong knowledge of industry leading data quality and data protection management practices and tools.
Ability to work effectively in a team environment and translate business needs into functional and/or technical requirements to meet the needs of the enterprise.
Strong knowledge and understanding of data governance and data quality and how they affect business decisions.
Ability to design and recommend governance structures and control frameworks for the ongoing management of data.
Ability to perform root cause analysis and make recommendations for the remediation of data governance and quality issues.
Proven skills with Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel and Access required
Personal initiative to find opportunities, lead change, improve processes and solve problems
Proven ability to collaborate with business data SMEs throughout the organization.
Proven track record of meeting commitments with the highest standards of ethics and integrity
Must be self-directed and have excellent initiative and organization skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
#CB

The Senior BA (Data Quality) is a high visibility position within Freedom Mortgages Data Governance organization and is responsible for supporting the enterprise-wide data governance program. This position requires both a strong understanding of data governance policies, standards and processes as well as proven technical expertise related to data warehousing, data analytics, and data quality software. The position will collaborate with data owners, data stewards, business users and Data Management team members on the adoption and ongoing implementation of data governance policies and best practices across the organization

Roles and Responsibilities

Engage data owners and stewards, business users, and the data management team to ensure Data Governance and Quality processes are implemented and managed, including updating and maintaining documentation, identifying and documenting critical data elements, preparing and managing business and technical metadata, defining data quality thresholds, and the identifying and triaging data integrity issues.
Responsible for the administration of data governance and quality software, maintaining a corporate data dictionary, ensuring data quality standards are met.
Organizes, coordinates and assists cross-functional teams in planning, development, and execution of Data Governance oriented business processes at the operational level.
Measure progress against data definition and quality performance targets, following up with business representatives as necessary.
Maintain data governance processes and controls by working with project and business leaders to analyze the impact of future changes on critical data and mitigate any potential risks to data quality.
Builds enterprise dashboards and reporting to ensure proper communicate of the Data Governance program performance.
Act as a change agent with a capacity to successfully measure progress.
Proven skills with Microsoft Office suite, especially Excel and Access required
Personal initiative to find opportunities, lead change, improve processes and solve problems
Proven ability to collaborate with business data SMEs throughout the organization.
Proven track record of meeting commitments with the highest standards of ethics and integrity
Must be self-directed and have excellent initiative and organization skills.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
