OverviewAmyx is seeking to hire a Contract Data Analyst located in San Antonio, TX. The successful candidate must have A 4-year course of study leading to a bachelor's degree with a major in any field, that includes or is supplemented by at least 24 semester hours in any combination of the following fields: accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization. Also, a minimum of 2 years of experience serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.ResponsibilitiesResponsibilities and Skills:* Knowledge of WAWF eBusiness processes.* Knowledge of the federal acquisition process.* Knowledge of contracting principles, laws regulation and procedures.* Knowledge of methods and techniques of fact-finding, analysis, and resolution of complex problems, and the ability to develop concrete action plans to solve problems.* Knowledge and Experience of the WAWF eBusienss Suite, to include: iRAPT, EDA, IUID, CDR, MyInvoice, and Contract Closeout.* Good verbal, analytical and written communication skills.* Good organizational skills in tracking data and actions.* Knowledge and Experience writing professional documents.* Knowledge and Experience in Customer Service.* Skilled in Business Intelligence Reporting.* Proficient in the use of the Microsoft suite of applications including Word, SharePoint, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Project as well as with Adobe Acrobat.Supported Technologies:Integrative Acquisition EnvironmentDOD acquisition systemQualificationsRequired Skills and Qualifications:* Bachelor's degree and preferred majors are accounting, business, finance, law, contracts, purchasing, economics, industrial management, marketing, quantitative methods or organization.* 2 years of experience required in serving as a Federal government and/or contractor employee in the GS-1102 series or equivalent capacity as a contract specialist/administrator or procurement analyst.Desired Skills and Qualifications:Knowledge of Federal and DOD acquisition proceduresAmyx is an Equal Opportunity employer. Amyx is committed to providing equal employment opportunity to all job seekers. Every qualified applicant receives focused consideration for employment and no one is discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status. In addition to federal law requirements, Amyx complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Amyx is an E-Verify employer.Amyx proudly and proactively takes affirmative action to advance employment of individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans and individuals with disabilities.Physical DemandsEmployee needs to be able to sit at a workstation for extended periods; use hand(s) to handle or feel objects, tools, or controls; reach with hands and arms; talk and hear. Most positions require ability to work on desktop or laptop computer for extended periods of time reading, reviewing/analyzing information, and providing recommendations, summaries and/or reports in written format. Must be able to effectively communicate with others verbally and in writing. Employee may be required to occasionally lift and/or move moderate amounts of weight, typically less than 20 pounds. Regular and predictable attendance is essential.
