Our vision at Petco
is Healthier Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things
better for pets, people and the planet through our Think Adoption First
philosophy, the Petco Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on
putting animals first, educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint.
The journey starts with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are
proud to recommend Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who
are committed to delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores
and our network of Distribution Centers to our Corporate offices, you'll work
with others who share your values and commitment. We seek individuals who are
passionate about animal welfare, have great people skills and are driven to
grow and advance in their careers with us. Our ongoing growth is creating
exceptional opportunities for professional development and personal enrichment
throughout our organization.

Position
Purpose:

The Senior Data Science Analyst will
be responsible for leveraging strategic insights and advanced analytics to
understand financial trends, customer behavior, and the competitive landscape
in order to make the best decisions about the products we carry and the
promotions used to maximize financial performance.

Within the team you help guide our
pricing strategy by analyzing historical sales performance for key
opportunities, creating accurate promotional forecasting models, and
translating complex data and analysis into clear insights and tangible actions
that can be executed by the business.

Essential Job Functions: The incumbent must be able to perform all of the following
duties and responsibilities with
or without a reasonable accommodation.
Performs
data extraction, exploratory data analysis, processing of data and employs
scaling and automation to data preparation techniques
Develop supply chain network optimization
models and assists in translating complex system models into executive-level
presentations with analyses and data driven recommendations
Help design and develop automated
dashboards and reporting templates to connect insights to business
decision-making and execution process.
Leverage advanced analytical
techniques and statistical programming to solve business problems and
incorporate machine learning to identify data patterns and trends where
appropriate
Utilize strong communication skills
to present analyses and findings to management by effectively translating
complex data into clear insights, opportunities, and tangible business
recommendations.
Collaborate with internal data
science teams by providing direction on how to best utilize more advanced
techniques and machine learning to achieve strategic objectives and business
goals within organization.
Display deep intellectual curiosity,
creativity, and commitment to learning in order to solve critical business
problems and push the boundary of our capabilities.
Supervisory Responsibility: No direct reports. Incumbent will collaborate and lead
cross-functional business projects.

Work Environment: The majority of job duties are conducted while seated
indoors at a computer terminal with little or no exposure to hazards. Occasional
travel may be required for presentations, training, and conventions.

Education/Experience:

Bachelor’s Degree with concentration in a quantitative discipline and operations research – Math, Stats, Engineering or similar discipline. Master’s Degree is a plus.
Minimum of 3 years of hands-on experience with data analytics, model building, and coding; experience in the retail industry is strongly preferred.
Strong database programming skills; proficiency in SQL required.
Experience with applying advanced analytical techniques using optimization. Working knowledge of optimization tools (Gurobi or Llamasoft)
Exposure to statistical programming languages including Python, and R.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize workload and ability to manage multiple projects while meeting deadlines.
Ability to think conceptually and creatively about problems and solutions.
Strong interpersonal communication skills, verbal and written, required due to the nature and level of interaction with senior management.
Petco Animal Supplies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, protected veteran status, or any other protected classification.
