At Housecall Pro, we're focused on making the everyday lives of home services professionals better by helping them to incorporate mobile software into their workflow...freeing them to focus on what they do best. The home services industry remains vast ($700b+) but untouched by technology and unencumbered by a dominant competitor. The 3M+ mobile businesses in home services are facing dramatic change as the world shifts from offline to online. Along this journey, we are quickly becoming the backbone operating system for service labor across the US and Canada. We have rocketed from MVP to the #1 ranked SaaS software platform in just over 2 years...which has made us the fastest-growing tech startup in San Diego! Our vision is to revolutionize the home services experience. Our mission is to unlock the potential of every Pro.

The role:

Our Analytics team empowers Housecall Pro to be data driven. We are force-multiplier, egoless individuals with an ability to create extraordinary results. We deliver the what and ask for the why; we experiment and bring innovation. We also know the journey is about working with smart people that you can have fun with.

In this role, you are embedded in a team of data analysts, data engineers and data scientists and you'll work closely with cross-departmental teams, aimed at increasing acquisition, retention and revenue. You will guide growth, surface insights, build alerts & forecasts and recommend optimizations based on your descriptive, exploratory, inferential and predictive analysis. You will work along the entire analytics value chain; starting with raw data sources to final data products. You will foster a culture of data-driveness through experimentation and data governance.

Upcoming Analytics projects:
Multi-touch attribution
Cohort reporting & forecasting
Full funnel optimization
KPI Alerts
Cost integration
Build out of self-serve by function
Skills:
3-6 years experience in data analytics at a growth tech company
Analytical, techy, social, curious, confident
Drive and curiosity to answer the why of business performance
Strong background in statistical concepts, modeling, and scenario analysis
Conversant in our tech stack (Snowflake, AWS, Segment, Amplitude, SQL, Tableau, Python)
Demonstrated ability to drive insights and influence decision making
Be a team player
Strong integrity and empathy for what home service professionals do
Eager to own, build, drive, lead, have an impact and lots of fun!
Housecall Pro is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Housecall Pro is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
