Job Description
Job title Data Analyst
Reports to Grants Director
Department: Administration
Status: Full-time Exempt

SHC Health Center Mission
Building Healthier and Happier Communities Together

SHC Health Center (SHC) is a federally qualified community health center that emerged over forty years ago. The agency serves low-income families and individuals in the County of San Diego in strategic areas with a high density population of Filipinos/Asian and other low-income, uninsured individuals

JOB PURPOSE

The Health Care Data Analyst role will be responsible for helping develop SHCs reporting application and capabilities including the build out of robust dashboards that monitor clinical quality, medical cost, key trends, program tracking, and operational performance. The job entails the acquisition, management, manipulation, and analysis of data specifically related to the healthcare industry. This role will work with data from a variety of disparate sources including claims, patient records, hospital systems, laboratory results, pharmacy data, and other relevant areas. The Analyst must identify trends and patterns in healthcare cost and quality performance as well as operational reports for the management of the overall health and wellness of the patients supported by SHC. Developing focus areas for medical cost and quality action plans is also a critical function. The role will actively partner with SHCs technology, program management, business operations, executive leadership, and client operations to deliver insights and tools to support a market leading analytics and reporting infrastructure.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES

Development and maintenance of a full suite of reporting capabilities that help manage, track, and control the overall medical cost and clinical quality of a given population set
In collaboration with others, interpret data and develop recommendations and trainings based on findings
Articulation of complex data through the development of graphs, reports, and presentations
Develop value realization plans to monitor the effectiveness of implemented programs and trainings
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Create and present quality and medical cost dashboards internally to senior management and mid managers.
Analyze and problem solve issues with current and planned systems as they relate to the integration and
management of patient data.
Ad hoc report development and analysis as necessary.
Other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS
1+ years of experience working with healthcare data
Bachelor's degree in Information Management, Healthcare.
Information, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or related fields.
eClinicalWorks Experience preferred.
Exceptionally strong analytic abilities, with a proven track record of driving insightful findings from quantitative and qualitative data.
Ability to develop contextually rich and visually compelling presentations to communicate complex concepts.
Extensive experience in the following environments: SQL, Access, Excel, and or other statistical packages.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

Move throughout the clinic and community.
Repetitive hand movement use and view PC. Use fax, telephone, and copier.
Sits or stand for long period of time, reach, bend, climb, stoop, and lift up to 25lb.

WORKING RELATIONSHIPS

Reports to: Grants Director
FLSA Status: Full Time/Exempt
