Position Summary: Dexcom is expanding its growing reputation as one of the technology leaders in diabetes management and patient satisfaction. Our goal is to lead in the development of the emerging digital health space and the software that drives this modern world. The security and integrity of our trustworthy CGM is a foundational driver of everything we build and the data that is collected from this life saving technology is pivotal both internally for building better products and services but also globally to the diabetes community who collectively are working hard to reduce the impacts of this debilitating disease. The R&D Cybersecurity, Privacy and Data Governance services team is looking for an experienced Data Privacy Analyst who possesses excellent knowledge in the areas of Data Security, Privacy Compliance, policies and regulations. You will be dedicated to projects in the New Markets organization to drive data privacy standards and adoption to build the next generation of Dexcom's programs, products and services. Your strong leadership and relationship management skills will help you to ensure the success of complex programs and groundbreaking new initiatives. Recently formed, the New Markets organization is an expanding, fullydedicated team focused on creating significant value by driving Dexcom's worldclass continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) technology into new applications, such as nonintensive type 2 diabetes, prediabetes, the hospital and managed care facilities, and pregnancy (including gestational diabetes). These important initiatives are entrepreneurial by nature, as they may require novel gotomarket strategies and new technologies. Each member of this team will play a critical role in helping the New Markets organization first explore then realize the significant potential that exists within these exciting new opportunities. Functional Description: Manages the development and implementation process of a company's products and services. Oversees multiple interconnected, complex projects, coordinates departmental or crossfunctional teams, and focused on delivering new or upgrading existing products. Monitors the program from initiation through commerialization including planning and directing schedules and monitoring budget/spending to ensure successful program outcomes. May develop, define and execute project plans, identify resources, define and assign major roles, and interface with external customers or fieldbased employees on technical matters, as needed. Inquisitive selfstarter will research, discover and document areas for ongoing improvement across various components; from embedded ?rmware, to communications/transportation protocols, to data processing and storage, to access management and controls in support of complying with ever changing privacy standards, legal and regulatory requirements. Manage Privacy Impact Assessments for all programs, processes and projects across the New Markets organization. Interface with Privacy Compliance of?ce to ensure execution of Data Subject Requests across all R&D New Markets data stores and help manage broader corporate privacy compliance program initiatives across R&D products and services. Participate in R&D New Markets Risk Assessment process to ensure privacy risks are identi?ed and acceptable mitigations are driven to completion. Anticipate, recognize, and work through resistance or setbacks, work well with others when con?icts arise. Ensure alignment with objectives. Promote understanding of alternative viewpoints before driving for closure and cooperation. Identify short and longterm tradeoffs and balance the needs of all stakeholders to implementation of changes. Familiarity with at least one of the following data protection regulations and associated frameworks GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, NIST frameworks, ISO frameworks, etc. IAPP Certi?cation (CIPP, CIPM, CIPT) Track record working with data from multiple sources willingness to digin and understand the data and to leverage creative thinking and problemsolving. Proven ability to work independently and in a crossfunctional capacity, managing and in?uencing senior leaders, employees and vendors to deliver efforts, decisions and results as it relates to Cybersecurity and Data Privacy strategic and change management initiatives. Must be highly collaborative and able to work in a teambased environment offering services to a fast paced, multidisciplinary organization negotiating for competing priorities and resources. Knowledge of the product development process. Strong initiative, selfdriven to deliver results without daily supervision. Sense of humor Previous experience performing privacy risk assessments Medical Device or Health Care industry experience preferred Knowledge of medical device design controls requirements preferred Experience with Agile development methodologies and practices. Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline, and a minimum of 812 years related experience or Master's degree and 57 years equivalent industry experience or a PhD and 24 years of experience. LILW1
