Location: USA CA San DiegoFull Part/Time: Full timeJob Req: RQ55868Type of Requisition:RegularClearance Level Must Currently Possess:NoneClearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:NoneSuitability:No Suitability RequiredPublic Trust/Other Required:NACLC (T3)Job Family:Data AnalysisJob Description:GDIT is seeking a Data Manager - Bioinformatics Analyst in support of the Naval Health Research Center (NHRC) Infectious Disease Field Surveillance and Laboratory Research Services. As the Navy hub for the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center the NHRC Operational Infectious Diseases Directorate conducts on-going, laboratory-based surveillance of US military populations in unique environments to quantify and study the etiology of infectious illnesses. This position will provide support services for operational infectious disease surveillance, accredited clinical laboratory testing, diagnostic evaluations, clinical research support and scientific research services.RESPONSIBILITIES:* The Bioinformatics Analyst is responsible for providing collaborative bioinformatics support to the investigators at the Naval Health Research Center (NHRC). He/She is responsible for:* Support to NHRC's COVID-19 surveillance efforts via the analysis of complex data sets.* Analysis and interpretation of high-throughput biomedical data generated by diverse platforms with emphasis on next-generation sequencing* Contribute to a team effort in designing, developing and deploying robust workflows, as well as custom scripts, to support the analysis of high-throughput data* Responsible for the organization and management of large genomic datasets, and the integration of data from multiple sources* Mining publicly available biological data to generate novel hypotheses or insights* Presenting analysis results, in a clear and concise manner, to an audience not familiar with bioinformaticsREQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:* Bachelors Degree in biomedical science/bioinformatics/math/statistics/computer-related field* 2 years related experience* Experience with bioinformatics tools and databases* Experience managing large genomic data sets including integration with data available from public sources* Proficiency in at least two of the following programming languages: Perl, Python, R, Java and C/C++* Record of scientific achievements including journal publications or presentations* Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain a favorable NACLC T3 security investigation prior to start date.Expected Competencies:* Experience in analysis of next generation sequencing (NGS) data (including quality metrics, mapping, variant calling, quantitation of gene expression and biological interpretation)* Experience in analysis of large genomic data sets including integration with data available from multiple sources* Hands-on experience in data processing and analyzing sequencing and expression and other array data including quality and biological assessment are also essential* Ability to understand and analyze data from complex experimental designs* Experience in at least two of the following areas: metagenomics, ChIPSeq, RNASeq, ExomeSeq, DHS-Seq, microarray analysis* Familiarity with public databases: NCBI, Ensembl, TCGA, cBioPortal, Broad FireHose#MilitaryHealthGDITJobsScheduled Weekly Hours:40Travel Required:NoneT elecommuting Options:Telecommuting Not AllowedWork Location:USA CA San DiegoAdditional Work Locations:We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
