Under general supervision, this position exists to assist the organization in making strategic data-related decisions by analyzing, manipulating, tracking, internally managing and reporting data. This position functions both as a senior analyst and as a high-level SAS programmer.

Essential Functions:

- Designs and enhances databases.
Designs menu systems that are effective and user-friendly.
Develops reports with accurate, easy to read, useful information.
Designs and generates tracking and monitoring tools.
Participates in the development of outcomes and process measures, including technical specifications, to enable population measurement, guideline implementation, and evaluation.
Tests complex statistical SAS routines using macros, vendor software, and software written by self and others.
Tests and maintains data integrity.
May assist with sophisticated statistical models and forecasting tools using these databases.
Assists with the definition of complex multi-dimensional healthcare issues and develops time tables/processes for decision making.
May translate needs, issues, and ideas into effective strategies and action plans.
May formulate specific implementation plans and evaluates the effectiveness of actions/programs implemented.
Develops creative alternative solutions.
May assist in the determination of goals and priorities with team, clients, or project management sponsors.
May communicate results/recommendations to project sponsors, clients, and various senior level audiences (including physicians for TPMG departments).

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
N/A.

Education
Bachelor of arts degree in economics, finance, health care administration, public health administration, statistics, mathematics, operations research, OR four (4) years of experience in a directly related field required.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A.
Additional Requirements:
Experience with analytical manipulation and interpretation of large databases required.
Broad familiarity with medical practices, especially population management and process and outcomes measurement.
Microsoft Office skills required.
Strong analytic and critical thinking skills, writing skills, communication skills, consulting skills, and ability to work within a team.
Ability to express complex analytical and technical information to senior management or to audiences with clinical training.
Must be an independent self-starter.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.

Preferred Qualifications:

- Minimum three (3) years of experience in SAS preferred.

- Minimum two (2) years of related analytical consulting experience, healthcare experience preferred.
Experience with SQL, macros, AF, and SASGRAPH, PROC Report and statistical procedures in SAS preferred.
Project management experience preferred.
Experience with MVS/TSO operating systems preferred.

- Master's degree preferred.

- Knowledge of JCL strongly preferred.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.
External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
