Wednesday, June 24, 2020

The ancestors of the Sycuan Band of the Kumeyaay Nation existed many centuries ago as a community of people…a Tribe living together, farming, hunting and fishing to survive.

Much has changed since that time. Today the Sycuan Tribe governs its Reservation, owns and operates a Casino and a Golf Resort, and owns a number of other business ventures in the San Diego Region.

One attribute that remains unchanged, however, is Sycuan's sense of community. Sycuan is more than just a business. Sycuan is a community of people working together toward a common goal. Whether you work in our state-of-the-art Casino, our beautiful Resort, or become a staff member in our Tribal Government division, you will be part of the Sycuan family.

Job Purpose:

Provides business unit managers and executives with financial and business reports and analysis, reviews and ensures data integrity and reliability.

Job Duties and Responsibilities:

(Note: Duties and responsibilities may be added, deleted, or changed at the sole discretion of Sycuan Management at any time)

1. Assists Enterprise Analytics Team by reviewing data integrity, ensuring appropriate analytics data is available for reporting, data loads from source systems are completed, and scheduled reporting tasks occur as planned. – 40%

2. Assists Executive Management by formalizing processes to effectively review and evaluate business results and providing the Executive Team with regular business performance summaries. – 30%

3. Assists business unit managers by generating daily, weekly, and monthly reports in accordance with department and company needs, and best practices, working with Operations Departments to generate ad hoc and regular analysis reports to evaluate business performance and identify areas of opportunity – 30%

Job Specifications:

Education and Experience:

Essential:
Bachelor’s Degree in Math, Statistics or Finance or related field or equivalent experience

3 years of financial or business analysis experience

2 years of creating complex data analysis utilizing industry standard tools such as SPSS, SAS, or Tableau
Desirable:
3 years of experience in a gaming or hospitality environment

Experience utilizing big-data analytics tools such as Hadoop, Workday or Teradata
Skills and Knowledge:

Essential:
Ability to perform complex mathematical calculations

Ability to communicate and interact effectively with guests and team members

Ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks and assignments

Ability to manage large projects and multiple projects to completion

Ability to identify opportunities, assess trends and provide recommendations

Ability to document and complete office forms

Ability to read, analyze, and interpret complex documents

Ability to appear for work on time

Ability to maintain professionalism and composure

Ability to understand and follow verbal directives and written directions

Ability to accept constructive criticism

Ability to maintain confidentiality
Desirable:
Multi-lingual

Kronos timekeeping software experience

Stratton Warren software experience

Advanced computer skills
Supervisory/Managerial Accountability:

Direct: None

Indirect: None

If you enjoy being part of a community dedicated to creating a memorable guest experience, we invite you to explore career opportunities with Sycuan and join our winning team!

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
