Important note regarding current health crisis Don't give up your search for a new position or project. We're maintaining business as usual during this difficult time. For many of us, the way we work has changed abruptly. However, our clients have adapted their hiring processes to accommodate working remotely where possible, which includes phone and video interviews. Be safe, and don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. In addition, we offer an excellent benefits package for all consultants, including medical, dental, and vision coverage, a 401k plan, and paid sick leave. Learn more and apply today.Our client, a leader in the biotech industry, has a need for a Sr. Data Governance Analyst for an 8+ month W2 contract opportunity to join early to mid-July. This position will serve as a critical resource for a project implementation and ongoing support of data classification and categorization processes. Candidates local to San Diego preferred This role is responsible to provide deep technical knowledge of all facets of the data governance discipline and lifecycle in order to implement strategic initiatives + provide hands-on support, partnering with team members, business stakeholders and vendor resources. You will partner the Legal Privacy, Cybersecurity, Data Governance, and Information Systems teams and take ownership for the inventory and classification of key data assets. Both structured and unstructured data sources will be interrogated to capture a complete inventory of the specific assets, classifying them in conjunction with our classification schema and building repeatable processes to ensure appropriate attestation and handling of the data is in place. Responsibilities - Collaborate with information systems and business teams to address data classification and categorization needs by object. - Lead cross-functional team members in the implementation of strategic projects and enhancements from requirements gathering through deployment and post-production support. - Manage multiple priorities and stakeholder expectations across data objects. - Maintain active communication with stakeholders to manage expectations regarding changes to the system and the introduction of new and enhanced functionality. - Play an active role in operational readiness testing for application systems, performing hands-on testing and coordinating UAT. - Assess change impacts prior to change deployment. - Analyze problems, diagnose them and find root cause, and then either create a fix or partner with a team to collaboratively design a solution. - Along with Program Management, effectively manage all tasks related to delivering data classification and categorization in support of strategic initiatives and projects. Skills - 7-10 years of experience in data governance, data quality, data preparation, or data architecture in an SAP, SAP MDG, Hana, Salesforce, Informatica, and Tableau environments. - Prior experience in all stages of data discovery, classification, categorization and tagging required. - Ability to effectively communicate technical issues and solutions to business partners, verbally and in writing - MUST be an outstanding communicator. - Ability to listen and discern data governance oversight or involvement with little information. - Ability to troubleshoot and solve process and technical problems. - Hands-on person with exceptional analytical and problem-solving abilities. - Ability to place questions and problems in the proper context. - Ability to address problems logically, carefully, and methodically. - Persistence to pursue problems until they are solved, but also the good judgment to know when to stop and ask questions. - Ability to create and execute test plans. - Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a fast-paced environment. Strong collaboration skills with global workforce. - Ability to interface well with cross-functional teammates. - Change control experience in an FDA regulated environment. Education - BA or BS in complementary field of study - Data privacy or governance experience required.
