About PeopleFun

PeopleFun is a rapidly growing studio where development teams thrive on collaboration, creativity, teamwork and fun. Our mission is to create the best family-friendly casual games in mobile and have a great time doing it! Our current games are played by over 25 million players each month and include Wordscapes, the #1 word game of 2018.

PeopleFun is seeking a Game Data Analyst who will work with Product Management and Player Research to understand the behavior of millions of mobile game players across our entire portfolio of game titles. This person will play an important role in PeopleFun’s product and business strategy by creating and maintaining Tableau dashboards, writing SQL queries to perform ad hoc analytics, reporting findings, and developing actionable recommendations. This person will also be responsible for developing data frameworks, models, tools, and processes, and presenting findings to cross-functional team members in a group setting.

Important: To be considered, please provide a cover letter to explain, in your own words, your interest in this position and why you feel you'd be a great fit.

Responsibilities
Model and forecast player behavior using quantitative techniques including but not limited to choice modeling, time series analysis, Bayesian statistics, and cluster analysis.
Create and maintain Tableau dashboards to visualize results.
Report results weekly to the team in presentation format with slides and Tableau dashboards to demonstrate and support findings.
Develop actionable recommendations and work with Product Management to translate the recommendations to the development roadmap.
Work with Player Research to determine how quantitative analytics can work with qualitative analytics to develop a clearer picture of player behavior.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree (graduate degree a plus) in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems or another quantitative field.
2+ years experience in a business intelligence, analytical or scientific role.
Deep interest in understanding and forecasting player behaviors and choices through developing and testing quantitative models.
Detail oriented, scientific thinker.
Ability to multi-task, efficiently manage time and priorities, and work with minimal management is critical.
Ability to communicate complex results throughout an organization.
Strong critical thinking and communication skills.
Experience with SQL: working with relational databases, writing and debugging queries.
Experience with Tableau - creating dashboard reports and using visualizations to answer specific business questions.
Experience with data pipeline and workflow management and ETL tools.
Receptive to constructive feedback.
Love for mobile games.
Preferred
Experience with AWS cloud services: EC2, Redshift, S3.
Experience with big data tools: Spark, Hadoop, etc.
Experience with Python: developing scripted solutions to automate recurring processes and data analysis using pandas and requests libraries.
Benefits
Competitive compensation package
Performance bonuses
401K with 3% employer matching
Family friendly culture
Flex PTO policy
Medical/Dental/Vision insurance
On-Site Gym and free Yoga classes
$1,000 annual game device and IAP budget
Free drinks & snacks, catered lunch on Fridays
Happy hours, social events and more
PeopleFun is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.
