THIS JOB DESCRIPTION DOES NOT ATTEMPT TO LIST ALL OF THE DUTIES THAT ARE OR MAY BE PERFORMED IN THIS POSITION.
Creates and documents standards to ensure the integrity of and consistency in enterprise-wide system data by acting as a liaison between workgroups. Manages enterprise-wide data cleansing and validation efforts.
Conducts the root cause analysis of complex issues and exercises discretion to elevate the awareness of critical findings. Identifies recommends and implements initiatives to improve processes or increase efficiencies. Establishes quality control measures and reports on performance metrics.
Tests processes and system configurations to identify areas of deficiency and determine appropriate changes to complex application configuration. Works with Business Process/Change Management department to translate business requirements into technical specifications.
Develops configures and tests automated data collection systems. Understands and represents division end-user requirements and perspectives when evaluating current and future system needs or implementing new procedures.
Leads efforts to centralize and standardize data management tools and techniques. Performs periodic validation of data across multiple systems. Identifies researches and resolves variances.
Demonstrates strong functional knowledge of multiple system applications and databases. Provides training and support to enterprise-wide resources.
Educational/Experience Level:

Bachelor's degree in Business Administration or a related field and five years experience in the utility industry with exposure to compliance and/or regulatory agencies; or equivalent.

Problem Solving / Independent Judgment:

Applies advanced skills to resolve complex problems independently. Can work with limited supervision by relying on experience and independent judgment. Can interpret procedures and policies to determine the best approach to achieve the desired outcome.

Communication Skills:

Requires the ability to communicate with internal and/or external customers in order to obtain and/or provide explanations and/or information. Requires excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to explain technical or complex concepts to individuals.

Numeric Skills:

Requires the ability to apply research methods and/or advanced statistical and/or accounting methods.

Computer Skills:

Requires basic computer skills in order to utilize various software applications for developing documents reports and graphics.

Work Conditions:

Works in an office environment. Requires occasionally performing activities including but not limited to bending stooping grasping reaching twisting turning and/or lifting.

Atmos Energy Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, or veteran status.
