MORE ABOUT THIS JOB

ENGINEERING

What We Do

At Goldman Sachs, our Engineers don't just make things - we make things possible. Change the world by connecting people and capital with ideas. Solve the most challenging and pressing engineering problems for our clients. Join our engineering teams that build massively scalable software and systems, architect low latency infrastructure solutions, proactively guard against cyber threats, and leverage machine learning alongside financial engineering to continuously turn data into action. Create new businesses, transform finance, and explore a world of opportunity at the speed of markets.

Engineering, which is comprised of our Technology Division and global strategists groups, is at the critical center of our business, and our dynamic environment requires innovative strategic thinking and immediate, real solutions. Want to push the limit of digital possibilities? Start here.

Who We Look For

Goldman Sachs Engineers are innovators and problem-solvers, building solutions in risk management, big data, mobile and more. We look for creative collaborators who evolve, adapt to change and thrive in a fast-paced global environment.

Risk division develops comprehensive processes to monitor, assess, and manage the risk of expected and unexpected events that may have an adverse impact on the firm. Risk teams play a critical function for the firm, driving how the firm takes and manages risk. Risk Engineering platforms and data team offers common solutions for Risk. It is at the forefront of developing world class engineering solutions, including cloud computing and big data analytics, optimized storage management, self-service toolkits, building compelling visualizations using web components, discovering information in unstructured data sources, writing automation bots and many more. The team has strong appetite to embrace latest tech stack offered in the market place to promote efficiency and agile delivery. We need passionate software engineers with good programming skills ready to use Java, JavaScript, Python, React, Apache Spark and open source data science toolkits to build solutions that offer best in class experience to our risk managers and analysts.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

HOW YOU WILL FULFILL YOUR POTENTIAL• Work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment that provides exposure to all areas of Risk• Build disruptive solutions using cutting edge technologies with measurable commercial outcomes• Understand business needs, facilitating and developing process workflow, data requirements, and specifications required to support implementation• Develop technical specifications, high level/detailed design, testing strategies, and implementation plans from business requirements• Manage end-to-end systems development cycle from requirements analysis, coding, testing, UAT and maintenance• Build strong relationships with business facing technology teams and business partners• Lead talented software engineers who are passionate about identifying patterns and building common solutionsSKILLS AND EXPERIENCE WE ARE LOOKING FOR• Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Electrical Engineering or related technical discipline• Experience in software development, including a clear understanding of data structures, algorithms, software design and core programming concepts• Comfortable multi-tasking, managing multiple stakeholders and working as part of a team• Excellent communication skills including experience speaking to technical and business audiences and working globally• Expertise in full stack front end Web Development or server side Java development with Relational Databases• Can apply an entrepreneurial approach and passion to problem solving and product development• Strong problem solving and analytical skills• Experience in team leadPreferred Qualifications• Strong programming experience in at least one language (preferably Javascript or Java)• Demonstrate front end design aesthetics with focus on User Experience.• Technologies: Web/RESTful service development: HTML 5, JavaScript/AngularJS/React/Redux, JSON• Technologies: TDD (JUnit), build tools (Maven/Gradle/Ant), Scala, Java, Spark, Tableau, Linux and shell scripting• Experience with continuous delivery and deployment• Proficient at working with large and complex code bases

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

At Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers. We're committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
