Job Title:
Business Data Analyst

Location:
US, Texas, Plano
Role Overview:


McAfee is looking for an experienced Senior Data Analyst to join our digital team. This is a high visibility role working with sales, finance, and business leaders. . You will report to the head of customer insights and analytics.



Company Overview


From device to cloud, McAfee provides market-leading cybersecurity solutions for both business and consumers. We help businesses orchestrate cyber environments that are truly integrated, where protection, detection, and correction of security threats happen simultaneously. For consumers, McAfee secures your devices against viruses, malware, and other threats, both at home and away. We want to continue to shape the future of cybersecurity by working together to build best in class products and solutions.

About the Role:
You will work with global business leads helping them with our strategy discussions aiding with important insights on customer journey and on key metrics.
You will perform data analysis across all applicable marketing technologies, and communicate recommendations based on findings.
You will summarize data from multiple sources, developing assumptions where needed, to communicate insights and opportunities.
You will build analysis, data visualizations, and reporting that provides important insights required for decision-making in the organization.
You will organize needs, collaborate in the design of diagnostic solutions, develop experimentation backlog based on opportunity ranking and provide data products and insights.
Translate requirements into technical specifications for data and reporting teams and, conversely, technical approaches into easily digestible insights.
You will work with the digital marketers to build time series, seasonality and forecasting models on demand and act in a data science role.
You will develop processes and protocols for data monitoring, hygiene (e.g. validation), and other strategies that help uncover gaps and opportunities to improve the business.
You will conduct cross-training sessions with team about new tools and techniques for mining customer insights.
You will create informative repeatable reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement.
About You:
You have experience transforming data trends into useful customer insights business can use to guide data-driven strategy and customer experience.
You have 4+ years of experience in a digital role working with data, excels, and business models as part of a marketing team.
You have previously worked in Digital, Traditional, and Business to Consumer marketing teams.
You have a working knowledge of PowerBI, Azure, Adobe Analytics, or Google Analytics.
You have experience using Excel pivot tables and Vlookups
You have experience and an understanding of SQL.
You have worked with Tableau, Power BI or similar visualization tools.
You are familiar or interested in ever-growing Internet technologies and marketing tactics like Search, Social, or SEO
Company Benefits and Perks:


We work hard to embrace diversity and inclusion and encourage everyone at McAfee to bring their authentic selves to work every day. We offer a variety of social programs, flexible work hours and family-friendly benefits to all of our employees.
Pension and Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision Coverage
Paid Time Off
Paid Parental Leave
Support for Community Involvement
We're serious about our commitment to diversity which is why McAfee prohibits discrimination based on race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other legally protected status.

Job Type:


Experienced Hire

Primary Location:
US, Texas, Plano

Additional Locations:
US, California, Santa Clara
