Position Summary: The Data Systems analyst will report in to a newly formed specialized group called the Rapid Response team. This team will be part of the US Branded Cards Control team and will be focused on evaluating impacts, universe, and sizing of significant/regulatory issues that arise. The objective is to quickly assess and identify customer impacts and ensure remediation is completed promptly with the appropriate detailed documentation required by Internal Audit and the Regulators. Along with daily responsibilities the candidate will provide focused support to on-going and future remediation efforts affecting existing and former Citi Credit Card holders. Candidate will work as part of a cross-functional team to provide data and information to, and in receipt from, internal systems as well as external vendors to ensure compliance with all regulatory updates, reporting and long-term data storage. Cultivate and support a sustainable and repeatable control environment by continuing to improve identified opportunities; This role will be required to assist the Senior Data Systems analyst drive a customer remediation to completion including execution and validation Develop new and enhance existing controls and monitoring to demonstrate oversight within the 1st line of defense Support 2nd and 3rd lines of defense planning/prep sessions, remediation plans, and formal responses. Support current Specialized Data Analytics (SDA) with existing workloads and development of new ongoing monitoring required by identified issue resolution. Key Responsibilities: The role Senior Data Systems analyst Candidate should have knowledge of source system data and be able to migrate required data sources to the in- house system Interrogate and analyze data to provide technical solutions and/or repeatable analysis Be able to take complex data sets and determine population Identification and associated calculations related to customer remediations Candidate will be required to process incoming and outgoing data through ETL (Exchange Transaction Load) Work closely with remediation execution teams to validate data veracity post calculation Challenge preconceived notions about data to ensure no stone is left unturned to identify complete universe of impacted customers is uncovered. Create comprehensive documentation that conforms to OCC Remediation Procedures as well as IA validation requirements Partner with Internal Audit on post-validation activities to provide responses to follow up questions regarding output Create procedures and ARCMs as needed related to new processes or methodologies created for remediations Will also work with Specialized Data Analytics (part of same group) and remediation teams which supports the in-house system and transactional monitoring arm, including systems support. Comply with records management policies Qualifications: Experience and knowledge of MS SQL, T SQL, at an enterprise management level Experience with IBS, First Data, host mainframe and working with Network Data Mover (NDM), Dial, Cobol. Knowledge of master files and ability to move very large data sets Experience in Enterprise Data Warehouse (EDW), SAS and Oracle preferred 6-10 years of financial, banking, accounting or auditing experience Critical, quick, detail-oriented thinker with strong analytic acumen. Challenges status quo. Strong sense of accountability and ownership, with strong results orientation. Cooperation and focus in achieving group and business objectives. Ability to work autonomously, take initiative, and prioritize effectively. Strong proficiency in MS Office including Excel, Power Point, and Word. Experience in the financial services industry preferred, specifically in Control/Compliance/Regulatory environment. ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type : ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
