LEONARDO DRS (“DRS”) is a leading supplier of integrated products, services and support to military forces, intelligence agencies and prime contractors worldwide. Focused on defense technology, we develop, manufacture and support a broad range of systems for mission critical and military sustainment requirements, as well as homeland security.

Headquartered in Washington, DC, DRS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Leonardo S.p.A, which employs more than 60,000 people worldwide. For additional information on DRS, please visit our website at www.leonardodrs.com.

Overview of Electro Optical Infrared Systems

The Electro Optical Infrared Systems (EOIS) line of business within DRS has locations in Dallas, TX, Melbourne, FL, and Cypress, CA. EOIS develops, manufactures, and supports infrared and electro-optical solutions for soldiers, ground vehicles and airborne platforms. We offer an exciting and challenging work environment, a competitive salary and benefits package, and a business culture that rewards performance.

Employing the world’s brightest. Supporting the world’s bravest.

Location

Dallas
Position Summary
Design, develop and establish management documentation based on program requirements. Assists in coordinating the development, implementation and maintenance of configuration management systems
Basic Qualifications and Required Skills
Education: Associate’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Experience: 4+ years
Relevant experience in the field of Product Data Management
Basic understanding of engineering or manufacturing technical data packages
Demonstrated growth regarding configuration management principles
Detail oriented individual
Ability to work independently under supervision of others
General computer skills with developed familiarity with product data management tools
Experience with CAD data systems desirable
Duties and Responsibilities
Design, develop and establish moderately complex data management documentation based on program requirements
Coordinates the development, implementation and maintenance of configuration management systems
Participate in design reviews, audits, schedules, budgets, etc
Prepare contract data item submittals to established delivery schedules
Provide support to the Product Data Manager and engineering technical staff
Responsible for regular reporting of progress and status
Communicate clearly (written and oral) with other company personnel and the customer as required
Support the development, implementation and maintenance of configuration management systems
Support the analysis of proposed design changes to determine the effect on the overall system; may recommend methods of improvement
May participate in special assignments or projects
May act as liaison between functional groups
May supervise work product of other less experienced employees
Work Conditions
Travel - 10%

Only candidates that meet the qualifications set forth above are eligible to be contacted for further information. We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas.

DRS is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. We consider applicants without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital or veteran status, or any other category protected by federal, state or local law. #EOIS
