Our direct client which is a leading telecommunications and media company is looking for a Data Reporting Analyst in Dallas, TX. Please submit local candidates only. It's long term contract role, please share resume asap with Paulrealsoftinc.com. Local candidates only Role Data Reporting Analyst Location 211 Akard St Dallas, TX 75202 Duration 1 year+ contract Job description We are looking for a data analyst to join an exciting opportunity within our client. This team is working on cutting edge Robotics Process Automation tools to help become more efficient and prepped for the future of AI in business. This role will start off as in an analyst role, in which you will be helping out various teams with data analysis and planning. The opportunity for growth is paramount in this exciting space. Responsibilities 5-8+ years of data analytics development experience (with a primary focus on Microsoft). 2+ years of Microsoft Power BI experience (Power BI) or 3+ years of experience Tableau or QlikView httpswww.qlik.comusproductsqlikview or Microstratey Strong concepts of fueling business process improvement and decision making through effective use of business intelligence. Expert understanding of SQL, or similar database programming technologies. Gather requirements, document and design in order to implement and develop new reporting and analyticals solutions. Design implement and develop data visualizations. Meet with business stakeholders (Directors to C-level) to clarify and document reporting requirements as well as present findings. Design data architecture and engineering structures necessary to support our BI initiatives. Data integration management between core business applications and data lakes, data marts, etc. Able to work independently to implement a solution with minimal guidance. Communicate effectively with both business, technical stakeholders as well as executive leadership. Basic Qualifications Required Qualifications Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience 5 years of experience developing Power BI solutions and reporting OR Tableau OR QlikView or Microstratey Must have SSIS and SSRS and ETL experience Advanced MS Excel and MS PowerPoint 5 years of experience in Data Visualization and Analysis Experience working with dataset ingestion, data model creation, reports, dashboards, KPIs, Power BI Pro features, workspaces, security, etc.
