One Calls Claims

Dallas, TX 75234

Information Technology Specialist / Data Analyst (Utilizing Office 365)

Corporate Overview: One Call Claims is an insurance claims services outsourcing company which works closely with specific insurance carriers to match their need for adjusters with our roster of high quality, certified, licensed, and experienced adjusters. One Call Claims leverages a powerful blend of proven industry practices and leading standards along with profound technical skills and extensive hands on experience to meet the toughest challenges that our clients face in today’s market. Providing quantitative measurements that highlight our level of execution sets us apart and gives our clients the comfort of knowing their needs are being met. In an industry full of options, One Call Claims stands above the competition by exceeding expectations on each claim, and we pride ourselves on being a trusted business partner to our clients.

IT Specialist / Data Analyst Job Responsibilities:

Qualified candidates will possess a wide range of skills related to the Information Technology field and excel in a diverse, dynamic environment full of new challenges each day. The IT Specialist / Data Analyst must also interact with all departments, each presenting their specialized set of needs and deliverables, while always applying methodologies centric with overall Company policies. Standard business hours will apply; however, candidate will be expected to provide after-hours support when required as well as extended hours of operations during specialized events throughout the year.
Oversight of all internal technology platforms and third-party integrations to include stability, optimization, required maintenance and updates utilizing an Office 365 environment.
Administration/Support of desktop and laptop computers, applications, and email systems.
Design reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information gathered from multiple sources to be utilized by members of all levels within the Company utilizing Microsoft Power BI.
Creation/Dissemination of technical user guides through a variety of media and update as necessary.
Troubleshoot end user issues on a variety of software platforms.
Administration of interoffice and remote telephony systems.
Accountability for and tracking of all Company electronic assets.
Handheld application support on both Apple and Android devices
Corporate website optimization, administration, and development.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing professional publications, establishing personal networks, and participating in professional societies.
Able to manage variable workloads on a variety of projects simultaneously in a self-managed environment with consistent on-time delivery.
IT Specialist Qualifications/Skills:
Office 365 Proficiency
Data Analysis / Dashboard design
Technical understanding
Process improvement
Networking knowledge
Written communication
Operating systems
Employee and Contractor relationships
Documentation skills
E*ducation, Experience, and Licensing Requirements: *
Bachelor’s degree in computer science preferred but willing to consider equivalent experience.
Minimum of three (3) years of experience in IT and/or database administration-related field.
Experience working with the following environments: Windows 10 Operating System, Office 365, Claim/Record Management Systems, Azure.
Specialized experience with Microsoft Power BI (Mandatory) and Teams.
Experience setting up and troubleshooting various technical equipment such as laptops, video conferencing systems, mobiles, etc.
Experience administering multi-location telephony systems.
One Call Claims is a vibrant, dynamic environment that is always evolving by implementing cutting-edge technologies to stay ahead of the competition. We promote a team environment where each member is a key cog in the corporate wheel that elevates us amongst our peers. If we sound like the team where you can showcase your talents, grow in an ever-changing field, and contribute to our overall success, we want to talk to you!

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $48,000.00 - $54,000.00 per year

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
On Call
Experience:
Microsoft Office: 5 years (Required)
Office 365: 1 year (Required)
Windows: 5 years (Required)
Claim/Record Management Systems: 5 years (Required)
Operating Systems: 5 years (Required)
Power BI: 1 year (Required)
Research: 5 years (Required)
Azure: 1 year (Required)
Active Directory: 5 years (Required)
Microsoft Teams: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Company's website:
www.onecallclaims.com
