DataImport Analyst

Who we are:

At LeadsOnline we serve more than 4,500law enforcement agencies across the country by helping them solve crimes andclear cases. We also help businesses, which are typically required by law toreport their transactions to law enforcement, by making reporting easier andmore efficient.

With over1.3 billion transactions in our system, we help law enforcement identifytransactions connected to criminal activity. Our partnership with the likes ofeBay, OfferUp, and EcoATM allows us to link investigators to missing items orindividuals. We frequently play an instrumental role in solving homicides orreturning stolen property.

Our people are passionate about equippinglaw enforcement with leading technology and customer support to make theircommunities safer.

We are going places fast, and we need teammembers who can keep up with our ever-evolving system. If youre driven, eagerto learn, excited by problem-solving, and looking to collaborate with otherslike you, LeadsOnline is where you belong!

TheRole:

TheData Assurance Analyst serves on the Operations Team to create the frictionlessflow of data into the LeadsOnline System. They are the subject matter expertson client data sources, data elements, file formats and efficient methods fordata transfer. Functions include:
Workwith technical contacts from law enforcement agencies, reporting businesses andsoftware companies who transfer data into LeadsOnline.
Developdata mapping and processing procedures to import data from various sources andpopulate LeadsOnline databases.
Usesystems to configure files and map fields from files to standardized,hierarchical categories and types.
Proactivelyidentify and resolve quality issues and interruptions in recurring imports.
Createand update file specifications and how-to documents applicable to the systemsused by our clients.
Resourcefullydetermine the meaning of client-specific field codes to ensure correct mappingof data elements.
Proactivelycommunicate priorities and status to clients and the appropriate internalteams.
Ourexpectations:
Continuallyseek ways to automate processes and enhance the end-user experience.
Designand build reports and dashboards for performance management.
Proactivelymonitor service levels, data quality and quantity standards. Institutionalizeprocesses to prevent problem recurrence.
Protectsensitive information according to SOC and CJIS standards.
Strongproblem-solving skills, data and software applications.
Workwith a positive and contagious sense of urgency.
Proactivelycommunicate priorities and status to the client and to internal teams.
Callour clients to provide assistance where it is needed.
Keeporganized records of client interactions in the CRM.
YourQualifications:
Collegedegree or technical certificate; Analytical area of study; include Computer InformationSystems / Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Statistics, Math preferred.
Twoor more years experience in technical problem-solving, data import, datamigration, data mapping (such as Salesforce Administrator, Data MigrationSpecialist).
Proficiency with SQL or other queryinglanguages and analysis tools (SQL, Microsoft Power BI, Tableau); Ability towrite SQL queries.
Proficiency in identifying andarranging data into categories and hierarchies.
Experience with mapping geocoded data.
Be a reliable self-starter requiringlimited guidance.
Proactive, organized and logical.
Strong attention to detail.
Maintain work environment that is clean,ordered, simple, efficient and functional. Literally and figuratively.
Whatwe offer:
Engagementwith the leaders in law enforcement technology.
Ongoing training throughPluralsight subscription.
Use of leading technology thatenables you to perform your job with ease.
Competitive pay with performancebonus.
40-hour work week.
401k matching after 1 year ofemployment.
Insurance(medical/dental/vision/STD/LTD).
Direct access to our leadershipteam that is eager to support employees.
Highly collaborative culture.
Free covered parking.
Casual dress code.
Workalongside law enforcement every day, impacting real crime-solving from yourdesk.
Requirementsfor employment with LeadsOnline:

Must passcriminal background check.

Must livelocally within the DFW area.

Must showdocumentation of eligibility to work in the US.

Mustbe able to travel occasionally; Must be able to lift 50 pounds.

LeadsOnlineis an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate against applicantsbased on race, religion, color, disability, medical condition, legallyprotected genetic information, national origin, gender, sexual orientation,marital status, gender identity or expression, sex (including pregnancy,childbirth or related medical conditions), age, veteran status or other legallyprotected characteristics.
