Posting Details

Posting Number S02268P
Position Title Data Analyst {S02268P}
Department Business Technology Services
Location Arlington
Job Family Information Technology
Position Status Full-time
Work Hours Standard
Work Schedule

Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm.
Open to External and Internal
FLSA
Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience
Duration Funding expected to continue
Pay Basis Monthly
Benefits Eligible Yes
Job Summary

The Office of Information Technology at UT Arlington provides premier solutions and support to our Maverick Community. We are a team of highly skilled professionals who approach our work with pride, respect, and a shared purpose. The Data Analyst performs complex work in requirements gathering, designing, building, and providing data sources and reports using specialized tools designed for data warehouse applications.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Interact with Business Analysts and Customers to identify Reporting Requirements. Work with Office of Information Technology to design and implement reporting data models to support Business Affairs. Design and Implement Customer facing reporting & dashboards. Evaluate & revise data models for accuracy & performance. Work with other reporting teams within the university to maintain design and data quality standards. Performs other duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Finance, or Accounting, or the equivalent experience. Three (3) to Five (5) years of experience in Data Analysis or the equivalent experience. Intermediate to expert knowledge in designing reports using advanced reporting tools such as tableau or SAS. Experience gathering and documenting reporting requirements from stakeholders at both executive and operational levels. Demonstrated working knowledge in designing reporting data sets, related meta-data, and reports. Expert knowledge of Microsoft PowerPoint and Microsoft excel tools. Demonstrated strong data visualization skills and strong attention to detail.
Preferred Qualifications

Demonstrate working knowledge of Oracle PL/SQL and Data Warehouse Design. Working knowledge of Oracle OBIEE/OBIAA, Peoplesoft Reporting. Demonstrate knowledge reporting from PeopleSoft Applications.
Working Conditions
Special Conditions for Eligibility

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Use of personal computer and standard office equipment. Proficiency in all phases of work performed.
EEO Statement

UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus.

Number of Vacancies 1
Desired Start Date
Open Date
Review Start Date
Open Until Filled
