How will this role have an impact?

The Senior Data Quality Analyst reports to the Director of Data Quality. The Senior Data Quality Analyst is the sole point of contact responsible for the data quality initiatives of the Data Management organization with respect to all healthcare data ingested and used by the organization in reporting use cases. The Senior Data Quality Analyst will establish the vision for data quality standards that are maintained by development teams within the Data Management organization. The Senior Data Quality Analyst will also serve in a Data and Business Analyst capacity, assisting Data Management developers and business stakeholders understand business requirements for new data-related functionality.

The Senior Data Quality Analyst will be responsible for deep analysis into Signify products, applications, processes and resulting data. Process and data flow along with findings must be documented in order to communicate process breaks where fallout occurs.

The Senior Data Quality Analyst is responsible for developing tests that can be automated and run routinely to proactively identify potential issues in reports, outputs, and other deliverables before they manifest as an incident with the business.

The Senior Data Quality Analyst will be responsible for completing quality reviews of new development of and enhancements to reports, client deliverables, and miscellaneous outputs as needed.

The Senior Data Quality Analyst will work closely with other leaders in the company to help formulate strategic healthcare data partnerships where new data must be ingested, processed and disseminated downstream into new and existing reporting or new and existing data contracts.

The Senior Data Quality Analyst will also help formulate the strategy for what value lies in the new and existing data in order to achieve insightful solutions.

What will you do?
The Senior Data Quality Analyst will be responsible for deep analysis into Signify products, applications, processes and resulting data.
Process and data flow along with findings must be documented in order to communicate process breaks where fallout occurs.
The Senior Data Quality Analyst is responsible for developing tests that can be automated and run routinely to proactively identify potential issues in reports, outputs, and other deliverables before they manifest as an incident with the business.
Will work closely with other leaders in the company to help formulate strategic healthcare data partnerships where new data must be ingested, processed and disseminated downstream into new and existing reporting or new and existing data contracts.
We are looking for someone with:
High school diploma or equivalent.
Bachelor's degree in Healthcare related discipline, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience.
Master's degree in business or technology preferred
Healthcare experience is required; preferably within payer organizations and CMS; prior CI or nursing experience will be considered
Strong experience interfacing directly with members of executive and senior management
Self-driven able to identify data quality initiatives in the organization, work with the Directors of Data Management on prioritizing, and lead those initiatives while providing frequent updates on status
A minimum of 5 years of experience in the healthcare space with key positions in being accountable for high levels of data quality and accuracy.
A minimum of 5 years of experience in working with CMS or other healthcare-related agencies as it pertains to use of healthcare data
Minimum of 5 years of experience in working with users to understand business processes and data quality-affecting requirements
Has experience in reporting progress of team activities to leadership with clear and concise attention to work performed, value provided and initiatives completed
Has participated in client presentations and proposal development
Has demonstrated significant skill required to work effectively across internal functional areas in situations where clear parameters may not exist
About Us:

Signify Health is helping build the healthcare system we all want to experience by transforming the home into the healthcare hub. We coordinate care holistically across individuals' clinical, social, and behavioral needs so they can enjoy more healthy days at home. By building strong connections to primary care providers and community resources, we're able to close critical care and social gaps, as well as manage risk for individuals who need help the most. This leads to better outcomes and a better experience for everyone involved.

Our high-performance networks are powered by more than 9,000 mobile doctors and nurses covering every county in the U.S., 3,500 healthcare providers and facilities in value-based arrangements, and hundreds of community-based organizations. Signify's intelligent technology and decision-support services enable these resources to radically simplify care coordination for more than 1.5 million individuals each year while helping payers and providers more effectively implement value-based care programs.

To learn more about how we're driving outcomes and making healthcare work better, please visit us at www.signifyhealth.com.
