GENERAL DESCRIPTION

This role is a key team player position in a constantly changing busy environment that requires accuracy, attention to details, initiative and a pro-active approach to duties and responsibilities while working with the individuals in services, clinical team, and co-workers. The qualified applicant must demonstrate a positive attitude, considerable latitude for independent judgment, professional ethics, appearance and conduct.

Primary duties involve running reports, analyzing data, and making corrections to ensure all encounters, demographics, and uniform assessments are successfully batched to the state. Ensures accuracy of data in Smartcare, CARE, CMBHS, and MBOW. Must be able to think critically and have investigative skills in order to find and correct errors. Must be able to clearly communicate with clinical team what they need to do to make corrections and follow up to ensure corrections are made. Assists in identifying and interpreting data patterns and trends and assessing data quality. Serves as primary support staff regarding all data issues and must be flexible in taking on additional tasks as needed. This position also enters all financial information for contractors.

EDUCATION, TRAINING, & EXPERIENCE
High School Diploma or General Education Degree (GED)
3 years’ experience working in a medical office, agency, or hospital with knowledge of scheduling, insurance verification, billing and collections preferred
Bilingual preferred
ESSENTIAL TASKS & STANDARDS
Manages encounter data errors.
Ensure SmartCare Data is Correct for Submittal
Batching Errors (CMBHS and CARE)
Acts as a responsible member of the team. Works cooperatively with individuals in service and staff to meet needs while following agency procedures.
Understands and promotes trauma informed care practices.
Data Entry for Contractor Financial Eligibility and Financial Reviews for internal staff.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES
Knowledge and experience in performing office duties.
Must be knowledgeable in computer programs such as Microsoft Word and Excel.
Must be professional and knowledgeable of customer service skills.
Must be knowledgeable of Medicaid, Medicare, and Private Insurance billing Practices.
Must be able to work in data systems CMBHS, CARE, and MBOW.
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, & REGISTRATIONS
Must have valid Texas Driver License and a good driving record.
Must be able to pass a criminal background check.
Must be able to complete all LifePath Systems training.
Must be able to provide at least 3 professional or educational references.
BENEFITS

Salary Range: $32,000 per year

Shift Hours: Monday - Friday (May need to work early evening hours)

We offer a competitive salary and comprehensive benefit package including medical, dental, FSA, 401(k), voluntary benefits, Paid Time Off (PTO) and Extended Illness (EI), and Holidays.

If interested please complete an online application at LifePath Systems Job Openings and attach your resume

Equal Opportunity Employer

LifePath Systems is an equal opportunity employer (Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans). We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, veteran status, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law.

To read more about this, view the EEO is the Law poster and this EEO is the Law Poster Supplement.
