Title: QC Analyst: Data Integrity SME

Work Location: Nebraska

Duration: 3+ Months

Experience Level: 9+ years

Hourly Rate: Negotiable

Who are we?

Laboratory Validation Specialists, Inc. is a single source provider of cGMP regulatory compliance in the United States, Europe, and Asia for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies.

Job Description

The QC Analyst: Data Integrity SME is a role in which you would be expected to be responsible for ensuring compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices in all work performed. The ideal candidate for this role is reliable, hardworking, high energy, and committed to perform the following tasks:
Conduct SME data integrity FORENSIC research
Execute and Optimize QC test methods.
Organizing, reporting and trending test results.
Draft Quality documentation including: SOPs, test methods, protocols and reports.
Initiate and participate in laboratory and out of specifications (OOS) investigations.
Qualify critical reagents used in test methods.
Manage product reference materials.
Maintain the QC laboratory and associated equipment.
Maintain an up to date training file for the QC Department.
Assist with development of quality and operating procedures to assure alignment with current GMP/QSR, ISO and MDD requirements.
As assigned, participates in New Product Development and will be responsible for the development of quality plans, verification of engineering tests and measurement practices for new and existing products using QA Tools.
Participates and leads investigation activities of nonconforming product or process to determine root cause and identify corrective actions, including the identification of non-conformance trends and development of technical investigation plans. Investigate and analyze customer/internal complaints as needed.
Provide engineering support to manufacturing and resolve issues impacting production fulfillment specifically nonconforming material.
Review sterilization documents, such as process characteristics, process specification documents and controls associated with batch release of sterilization cycles.
Takes a leadership role in assuring all activities in the area of equipment, process and software validations meet FDA and International regulatory requirements.
Active participation in the review of engineering specifications to assure that adequate quality assurance requirements are met and assist in New Product Introduction/Design Transfer activities to characterize manufacturing processes for parts/components in development to ensure smooth transition from R&D to manufacturing.
Lead and/or participate in process validation and risk management activities.
Participate in design reviews to ensure adherence to design control requirements review drawings for adherence to design inputs; material callouts and standards and procedures; and regulatory and QS requirements.
Participation and leadership of the development of equipment and process validation requirements (IQ, OQ, PQ) using appropriate statistical tools and techniques
As assigned, will administer supplier audits, surveys and initiation of corrective action plans.
Qualifications:
We are looking for life science consultants with 9+ years’ experience in either a laboratory or manufacturing FDA regulated environment as a quality specialist.
Evidence of good oral and written communication skills, i.e. effective presentation of concepts and ideas, as well as interpersonal and conflict resolution skills.
Attention to detail, flexibility and an awareness of production and attendant quality control problems.
Knowledge of cGMPs and of regulatory requirements as they apply to the pharmaceutical field or a related area.
Education:

· Bachelor’s degree in chemistry, biology, or a related discipline

· OR demonstrated relevant experience meeting the above listed qualifications

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $70.00 per hour

Experience:
data integrity: 9 years (Preferred)
QC Lab: 6 years (Preferred)
consent decree: 1 year (Required)
Contract Renewal:
Possible
Full Time Opportunity:
No
Benefits:
None
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends required
Company's website:
www.labvalspec.com
Company's Facebook page:
https://www.facebook.com/labvalspec/?ref=aymthomepagepanel&eid=ARDU91eIGUzq5LgiITPgzO-Ivn9F4JN9E1UMXC4xHSuE8sMCTY9YIk-9o3hx9MAPl4xuBK8o8FW1HP
