Job Description
TransVoyant is seeking a Data Scientist to drive live and predictive data analytics and development for our patented Continuous Decision Intelligence™ Platform. The ideal candidate will structure data and create the analytics needed to provide insights into our customer domains–ranging from predicting customer demand to forecasting port disruptions to getting in front of risks to national security. This position will do data discovery, interpret, craft models and build streams for Insights in TransVoyant CDI™.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Become an expert on TransVoyant CDI™ Platform solutions and how they solve pressing customer challenges within Supply Chain and National Security arenas
Identify, retrieve, manipulate, relate and exploit multiple TransVoyant structured and unstructured data sets from thousands of various sources (ex. tweets, live aircraft, forecast weather), including building or generating new data sets as appropriate
Create methods, models and algorithms to understand the meaning of streaming live data, translating it into insightful predictive output for customer applications and data products
Educate internal staff (ex. development, sales, marketing) on how data science and resulting predictions can be productized for key industry verticals
Represent TransVoyant and our solutions to customers and prospects at industry networking events and tradeshows
Keep up to date on competitive solutions, products and services
May need to travel up to 10% of time
DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
2+ years of cloud-based data parsing and analysis, data manipulation and transformation, and visualization experience
Understanding of Hadoop and Apache based tools to exploit massive sets of TransVoyant data
Programming and scripting experience with Scala or Java is considered a plus
Experience with Spark considered a plus
Experience with Kafka or other streaming architecture frameworks considered a plus
Ability to explain technical and statistical findings to non-technical users and decision makers
Experience in technical consulting and conceptual solution design
Domain knowledge in Supply Chain, and/or transportation management and visibility technologies is a plus
Bachelor’s degree is required
ABOUT TRANSVOYANT

TransVoyant delivers our customers continuous insights to increase revenues, reduce costs and manage risks by combining the current and future behavior of their enterprises, their ecosystems and they dynamic world around them. We are innovative, creative, focused on customer success and love what we do. Team members enjoy highly competitive compensation, a fast-growing and flexible work environment, comprehensive benefits, 100% 401k matches, unlimited vacation days and professional development opportunities.

We respect your personal information. Please review our Privacy Policy to find out more.

Powered by JazzHR
