We are hiring Data Analyst for our client in Redwood City, CA.

Job Title: Data Analyst

Duration: 12 Months

Job Location: Redwood City, CA
Candidates must have 9+ years of experience.
Candidates preferable USC, GC & H1B.
Job Description:

The ideal candidate will have worked in depth in data analysis, including experience extracting and manipulating data using SQL and Python. The candidate will have the opportunity to redefine the CRM Analytics for Auto Industry which will include data from multiple sources like telematics, campaigns, web, Service OLTP. The candidate will have the full opportunity for showing their creativity by owning the analysis, design and QA of data exploration and ETL. This is a hands-on individual contributor role. The candidate will be part of the Data Engineering team and work very closely with various product and engineering team members including the Product owners, Architect, DBA, and Application developers. To be successful, the candidate will have to be self-driven and a very strong team player.

Principle Responsibilities:
5+ years experience in SQL and manipulating large data sets in a database
2+ years of expertise of data analysis using Python, Spark in AWS Cluster.
2+ year of expertise analyzing and developing ETL data map for Oracle DB as source and target.
5+ year of QA expertise in ensuring quality of data in Data Warehouse loaded from various data sources.
Preferred expertise in building key data pipelines using AWS analytical services like S3, EC2, EMR, Glue, Athena.
2+ year of experience in working with DBA team to fix query performance issues in Oracle Data Warehouse.
2+ year of experience in providing production support for any data quality issues in Data Warehouse.
Expert level knowledge of both OLTP and Dimensional schema.
Excited to learn new technologies and analytical methodologies relating to business intelligence and data analysis.
Bonus Skills:
Knowledge of AWS cloud configuration.
Knowledge of full and incremental ETL using Informatica Power Center.
Knowledge of multi-tenant data warehouse for SaaS.
Application Requirements:
Interested candidates should submit resume/CV in both plaintext and PDF format, including desired salary range.
BS in Engineering and 10+ years development experience.
Position is on-site in the Redwood City/Redwood Shores area of California.
Thanks & Regards,

Raghu Singh
