Are you the type of person who feels they could solve any problem if they just had the right data? Are you someone who can spot the hidden trends in metrics and come up with compelling arguments to explain them?

We are seeking a strong Finance & Accounting Data Analyst to help us better understand and manage the Poshmark marketplace through rigorous business analysis and insights. This role provides a unique opportunity to analyze business critical problems, and present recommendations and insights to the executive team at Poshmark.

The ideal candidate will bring a strong business mindset for approaching problems in a quantitative way, and will have the technical skills for data extraction and manipulation. This is the perfect opportunity for someone with 2-3 years experience to gain valuable experience and drive decisions at a high-growth company.

Responsibilities
Provide data driven insights, forecasts and actionable recommendations to key stakeholders. Understand and meet their analytics needs on a continual basis.
Monitor existing metrics, analyze data, and partner with internal team members to identify opportunities for improvement. Develop key metrics and performance indicators to evaluate business performance
Perform exploratory data analysis to identify trends, patterns, correlations, and insights and provide business recommendations to the leadership team in a simple, clear and compelling manner
Think and work independently, demonstrate creativity and deliver quick results, yet demonstrate a team-player attitude
Work effectively with cross-functional teams, learn and apply best practices from other teams and always strive for high quality deliverables
Identify data quality and process improvement opportunities
Maintain required documentation to ensure inventory of all key findings from trends and growth opportunities
Identify the right metrics needed to appropriately manage our business, and work with the Data Engineering team to implement the data collection needed.
Identify the opportunities for automated monitoring and work with engineering team to get the automation implemented
6 Months Impact
Independently find and deliver analytics insights and forecasts in areas of business operations to drive high stakes business decisions
Develop an understanding on KPIs and analysis of supply and demand forces within a two sided marketplace
12 Months Impact
Own analytics and be the go-to person for data driven decision making for at least one business area
Continue to partner on solving business problems, and develop a strong relationship with the stakeholders.
Develop insight and knowledge of long term trends and factors influencing the business
Present synthesized data driven analysis and insights on the marketplace to the senior members/ executives
Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Math, Accounting, Finance, Statistics, Business or a related field. MBA or Masters in Analytics is a plus.
B.A./B.S. or equivalent degree with 2 to 3 years of business analysis experience Or M.S. with 1+ years of experience in analytics /business analysis / analytically oriented, data, or quantitative role e.g., business metrics reporting, finance, consulting, or marketing research
Strong data mining skills using SQL
Proficient Excel Skills
Problem solving attitude
Data Visualization through Looker
Understanding of data modeling concept and partnering on building new DW tables
Experience in gathering requirements and formulating business metrics for reporting.
Ability to communicate data, at a level appropriate for the audience
Strong interpersonal skills — including written and oral communication skills
Understanding of the Social network/ eCommerce industry is a bonus.
Thrive in a fast-paced start-up environment!
Why Poshmark?

Poshmark is a leading social commerce platform for the next generation of retailers and shoppers. Through technology, our mission is to build the world's most connected shopping experience, while empowering people to build thriving retail businesses. Since launching in 2011, Poshmark has become a vibrant social shopping community with seven million Seller Stylists helping 60 million users discover items they love from over 100 million listings. The company is backed by the world's leading investment firms including Mayfield, Menlo Ventures, GGV Capital, Temasek, Inventus Capital, Uncork Capital, Union Grove Venture Partners, Shea Ventures and AngelList. For more information, please visit www.poshmark.com, or find us on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and YouTube.

About Us:

At Poshmark, we're constantly challenging the status quo and are looking for innovative and passionate people to help shape the future of Poshmark. We're disrupting the industry by combining social connections with e-commerce through data-driven solutions and the latest technology to optimize our platform. We're nothing without our amazing team who deliver an unparalleled social shopping experience to the millions of people we connect each day.

We built Poshmark around four core values: 1) focus on people to create empowered communities that drive success; 2) together we grow to support each other to strive for our dreams; 3) lead with love to foster genuine connections built upon a foundation of respect; and 4) embrace your weirdness to accept and empower one another on their own unique journey. We're invested in our team and community, working together to build an entirely new way to shop. That way, when we win, we all win together. Come help us build the most connected shopping experience ever.

Here's what we'll set you up with:
A team that is invested in your career growth and training
Competitive salary and equity, based on experience
Company sponsors up to 100% cost for your health, dental and vision plans and up to 90% for your dependents
Smartphone reimbursement
Work alongside world-class talent=
Flexible vacation / paid time off policy
Parental leave
Healthy and exciting catered lunches, snacks and beverages offered daily
Personal style encouraged (or not, whatever you're in to)
Fun company happy hours, parties, and offsite events
Poshmark is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
