The Biomedical Data Analyst I will be directly responsible for ensuring the accurate, complete, and timely collection, delivery and tracking of data from Research, Commercial and Manufacturing laboratories for analysis, reporting, and presentation.
This is a temporary position through approximately the end of the year. Remote work is possible. This individual does not have to reside in Redwood City, CA.

Write and debug SAS programs of medium to high complexity.
Write and optimize SQL queries against MSSQL database.
Write and debug Python program of medium to high complexity.
Perform accurate, complete, and timely collection, validation, and tracking of research, commercial, and manufacturing data.
Construct datasets and visualizations for reporting.
Maintain accurate documentation of programs and procedures.
Develop programs for collection, extraction, analysis, presentation, or tracking of data.
Other responsibilities as assigned.
Strong communicator with ability to maintain open communication with internal employees, managers, and customers as needed.
Able to integrate and apply feedback in a professional manner.
Able to prioritize and drive to results with a high emphasis on quality.
Ability to work as part of a team.
Uphold company mission and values through accountability, innovation, integrity, quality, and teamwork.
Support and comply with the company’s Quality Management System policies and procedures.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Ability to work on a mobile device, tablet, or in front of a computer screen and/or perform typing for approximately 90% of a typical working day.
Considerable periods of time may be spent concentrating and or analyzing data.
Considerable periods of time may be spent communicating verbally and in various written forms; including presentation material and email with other people.

Minimum Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in life sciences, computer science, scientific or other relevant discipline.
2+ years of related experience.
2+ years of recent experience with statistical programming with SAS.
2+ years of recent experience writing Python.
1+ years of experience with MSSQL databases and SQL.
Proficient in Microsoft Office to include Excel and Word.
Demonstrated ability to perform the Essential Duties of the position with or without accommodation.
Authorization to work in the United States without sponsorship.
Preferred Qualifications
3+ years of recent experience with statistical programming with SAS.
3+ years of recent experience writing Python.
Familiarity with web development.
Experience with cloud computing (AWS, Azure).
Familiarity with molecular biology.
Experience working with LIMS.
#LI-MF1

We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, color, creed, disability, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other status protected by applicable local, state or federal law. Applicable portions of the Company’s affirmative action program are available to any applicant or employee for inspection upon request.
