Posted: Jun 29, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200159997
We are seeking a Data Analyst with an aim to turn the huge amounts of data generated by these applications into business insights that improve customer experience. You will have a bent for applied research with expertise in pattern mining, anomaly detection, predictive modeling, classification and optimization. You will take pride in implementing and sustaining end-to-end analytical solutions that have direct and measurable impact. The role requires both a broad knowledge of existing analytics algorithms and creativity to invent and customize when necessary.

Deep expertise in data processing, analysis and evaluation including hands-on experience with big data sets is required to analyze and mine our extensive database for worldwide points-of-interest, rich content and related information.
Key Qualifications
Experience with with at least one scripting or programming language (Python, R, JavaScript, or Scala)
Hadoop experience (MapReduce, Hive, Spark) is a huge plus
Experience with Postgres, including PostGIS is a plus
Strong data analysis skills and business presentation skills /story-telling
Capable of working with large sets using internal and industry standard tools.
Delivery-oriented, able to lead and execute analysis efforts from start to finish
Ideal candidate should be self-motivated with a can-do attitude
Great teammate, strong interpersonal skills, go-getter
Description
- Perform analysis & UAT of map data validation tools
Identify validation gaps and advocate with stakeholders & engineering groups to fill those gaps
Perform root cause analysis of production system anomalies
Communicate complex data concepts and the results of the analyses in a clear and effective
manner to management
Work with large volumes of data; be able to extract and manipulate large datasets
Build visual reports and dashboards
Develop prototype or proof of concept analysis tools
Education & Experience
BS in computer science or equivalent.

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Apple is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. Apple is a drug-free workplace
