Management Science and Engineering, Computational Policy Lab

The School of Engineering

Stanford Engineering has been at the forefront of innovation for nearly a century, creating pivotal technologies that have transformed the worlds of information technology, communications, health care, energy, business and beyond. Our faculty and students are creative risk-takers who pursue excellence across a breadth of disciplines. Our alumni include some of the world's most successful leaders in technology and business. Our staff are critical to enabling Stanford Engineering to accomplish its mission: seeking solutions to some of the world's most urgent challenges and educating leaders who will make the world a better place through the power of engineering principles, techniques and systems.

The Department of Management Science and Engineering, in the School of Engineering, leads at the interface of engineering, business, and public policy. The department’s mission is, through education and research, to advance the design, management, operation, and interaction of technological, economic, and social systems. MS&E website: https://msande.stanford.edu

MS&E is seeking a an experienced data analyst who will perform research with the Computational Policy Lab (https://policylab.stanford.edu/).

Your responsibilities include:
Work under consultative or self-initiated direction to assess and produce relevant, standard, or custom information (reports, charts, graphs and tables) from structured data sources by querying data repositories and generating the associated information. Distribute and disseminate reports to applicable agencies, researchers, management and other internal end-users.
Devise methods for identifying data patterns, trends in available information sources using a variety of qualitative and quantitative techniques. Determine and recommend additional data collection and reporting requirements.
Design and customize reports based upon data in the database.
Create non-routine databases and their related information summary; develop algorithms and statistical model; and perform statistical analyses appropriate to complex data and reporting requirements.
Serve as a resource for non-routine inquiries such as requests for statistics or surveys.
Lead the implementation of data standards and common data elements for data collection.
Collaborate with technical staff to standardize and systemize routine reports, dashboards, and metrics.
May test prototype software and participate in approval and release process for new software.
*Other duties may be assigned.
To be successful in this position, you will bring:
In-depth knowledge and experience using and applying analytical software, database management system software, database reporting software, database user interface and query software, and data mining software.
Expert ability to collect data using a variety of methods, such as data mining and hardcopy or electronic documentation study, to improve or expand databases.
Basic statistical ability.
Strong listening, verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to manage multiple activities in a deadline-oriented environment; highly organized, flexible and rigorous attention to detail.
Ability to use logic to calculate data; efficiently construct a database or scrutinize the form of a question.
Ability to work with data of varying levels of quality and validity.
Demonstrated ability to produce data in a clear and understandable manner meeting user requirements.
Ability to work effectively with multiple internal and external customers.
Ability to take a leadership role on projects and with users/clients.
*Consistent with its obligations under the law, the University will provide reasonable accommodation to any employee with a disability who requires accommodation to perform the essential functions of his or her job.

*Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not sponsor visas.

Why Stanford is for You

Imagine a world without search engines or social platforms. Consider lives saved through first-ever organ transplants and research to cure illnesses. Stanford University has revolutionized the way we live and enrich the world. Supporting this mission is our diverse and dedicated 17,000 staff. We seek talent driven to impact the future of our legacy. Our culture and unique perks empower you with:
Freedom to grow. We offer career development programs, tuition reimbursement, or audit a course. Join a TedTalk, film screening, or listen to a renowned author or global leader speak.
A caring culture. We provide superb retirement plans, generous time-off, and family care resources.
A healthier you. Climb our rock wall, or choose from hundreds of health or fitness classes at our world-class exercise facilities. We also provide excellent health care benefits.
Discovery and fun. Stroll through historic sculptures, trails, and museums.
Enviable resources. Enjoy free commuter programs, ridesharing incentives, discounts and more!
How to Apply

We invite you to apply for this position by clicking on the “Apply for Job” button. To be considered, please submit a cover letter and résumé along with your online application. Your one-page cover letter should briefly describe your background in customer service and provide examples of your experience with attention to detail, responsiveness, and decision-making.

The job duties listed are typical examples of work performed by positions in this job classification and are not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, tasks, and responsibilities. Specific duties and responsibilities may vary depending on department or program needs without changing the general nature and scope of the job or level of responsibility. Employees may also perform other duties as assigned.

Stanford is an equal employment opportunity and affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Additional Information



Schedule: Full-time


Job Code: 4745


Employee Status: Fixed-Term


Grade: I


Requisition ID: 86784
