At Cadence, we hire and develop leaders and innovators who want to make an impact on the world of technology.

Cadence has an exciting opportunity for an Advace Data Analyast with their Hardware Systems Verification Materials Team. This person will analyze quality and reliability data and information and perform advanced statistical analysis. Other responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following::
Responsible for Quality System Maintenance.
Root cause analysis and implementation of corrective action for process related concerns.
Assist Quality manager in establishing, implementing and maintaining the quality management system.
Responsible for continual improvement activities to enhance the quality system, such as 5S, Kaizen lean methods, etc.
Develop training to build data analysis and corrective action processes
Interface with Engineering and Operations to ensure transfer to Production of new products are in accordance with approved data.
Conduct audits, including closing out audit findings, creating audits finding reports and determine proper corrective and preventive actions.
Analyze failure, corrective and preventive action to respond to customer complaints.
Create and maintain related procedures to data analysis and corrective action
Responsible for planning, organizing and managing the overall activities of receiving / outgoing quality functions.
Continuously improving QA receiving inspection process and procedures.
Ensure timely resolution of supplier failure, corrective actions and preventive actions.
Manage suppliers performance and conduct audits.
Perform measurement of the customer satisfaction index
Work with supply chain and materials management to manage supplier quality issues
Develop the suppliers scorecard and present to the suppliers
Provide customers report and analysis
Work with internal manufacturing and suppliers to improve product quality and reliability
Prepare and manage the management review meetings
Prepare the quality instructions, procedures and customers requested reports
Requirements & Qualifications
BS or Master degree in science or 10 years related experience
A hands-on understanding of manufacturing and operations processes and procedures especially for Telecommunications industry.
Demonstrating the ability to organize, prioritize, manage staff, solve problems,
Achieve an understanding of the current process and procedures used in the electro-mechanical assembly area for standard product assembly
Develop reliability measurements (MTBF, DOA, IRR, YRR)
Determines quality improvement parameters by identifying statistical methods relevant to manufacturing processes.
Establishes statistical confidence by identifying sample size and acceptable error; determining levels of confidence
Were doing work that matters. Help us solve what others cant.
