About the company

Robinhood is democratizing finance for all. With customers at the heart of our decisions, Robinhood is lowering barriers, removing fees, and providing greater access to financial information. Together, we are building products and services that help create a financial system everyone can participate in.

Robinhood is a fast-growing company and was recognized as a CNBC Disruptor 50 and a LinkedIn Top Startup in 2019. We're continuing to grow and are looking for incredible talent that can help us achieve our mission.

Robinhood is headquartered in Menlo Park, California, with offices in Lake Mary, Florida, Denver, Colorado, and London, UK.

About the role

Robinhood is looking for a skilled Financial Data Analyst to join our rapidly growing Finance and Accounting team. We are seeking a driven individual who can thrive in a fast-paced environment and can manage multiple priorities – a self-starter who can work independently but who is also a good team-player. This role will report to the Corporate Accounting Senior Manager and will need to be able to pick things up quickly and be able to meet deadlines with multiple tasks.

Your day-to-day will involve:
Work with Accounting and cross-functionally to ensure the continued accuracy of financial data used for accounting close entries and financial reporting
Work with Accounting and Business Automation teams to help with the automation of high volume transactions into the accounting books and records
Provide general financial data support to other key stakeholders within the Finance team, including Payroll and Stock Administration
Work with Accounting and engineering teams to understand new product requirements and ensure necessary data for financial reporting is built into the product from day one
Perform analysis of datasets, build accurate data maps, and conduct regular data validation to support the Company's control framework
Ensure the development of an automated reporting process that covers metrics as well as financial results, and connects the two in an appropriate and accurate manner
Some things we consider critical for this role:
BA/BS with 4+ years of experience in finance, accounting, business, consulting, or analytics
Proficiency in SQL with 2+ years of working with large data sets
Strong analytical and organizational skills
Experience with system implementations & integrations
Experience with Looker
Experience with Oracle Fusion
Feeling ready to give 100% to democratizing finance for all? We'd love to have you apply, even if you feel unsure about whether you meet every single requirement in this posting. At Robinhood, we're looking for people invigorated by our mission, not just those who simply check off all the boxes.
