Location


Cupertino, CA

Position


We’re looking to add a Technical Data Analyst to our team with strong communication and client skills. In order to succeed in this role, you’ll have a mix of data engineering, data analysis, and data visualization experience. You should be actively engaged and passionate about the technologies you are using, quick to learn, and excited to collaborate. The right person for this role is inspired by a work environment in which requirements and technologies vary from project to project, driven by a balance of the client’s needs and our expertise and experience.

Requirements
Deep understanding of BI methodologies, Data Architecture principals, Master data and metadata.
Proficiency in Tableau, Excel and Essbase
Working coding experience with Python, SQL and UNIX shell scripts required
Experience with developing ETLs from raw to curation layers including cleansing, transforming, deriving and aggregating data ( Tableau Prep, Airflow )
Experience working with relational databases, query authoring as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases ( Teradata , PostgresSQL )
Proven experience developing data visualizations, dashboards, and reporting in Tableau required
Ambitious, with the ability to work independently, or collaboratively within a cross functional team
Excellent written and verbal communications skills, attention to detail, and critical thinking

Benefits
Competitive compensation, including a retirement plan and an excellent healthcare package with vision and dental.
Two main Bay Area offices full of friendly people: one in the center of Oakland (near BART) and one in the heart of Cupertino.
Support for employee productivity and continued learning in the forms of hardware, software, learning materials, training, and conferences.

Beez contribute in all the ways they want and can. Beezwax is committed to employee growth, and encourages Beez to develop new ways to contribute.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Looking forward to hearing from you!

Apply

Do you know someone who might be interested? Let them know!
