Ref ID: 00420-9502600417Classification: Data Analyst

Compensation: DOE

Emphasis query codes experience. Python, R and SQL.
BA with coding experience. Data transformation

Please send resumes to Trupti Deshpande.

Job Requirements:
This individual will create, run, maintain and review a variety of reports including enrollment/sales, forecast, grading, business trend, and financial. The position requires a strong understanding of systems, applications, and data structure with an ability report solutions for evolving business needs. This individual should thrive in a fast-paced, collaborative and dynamic environment. • Data transformation experience with Python libraries such as Numpy, SciPy and pandas • Successfully and quickly fulfill requests for development of ad-hoc reports. • Quickly learn business and system data structures for customized applications.

Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
