Posted: Jul 10, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200176847
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate complex challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. As part of this group, you’ll play an integral role in ensuring our day-to-day financial health. You and your team will support Apple’s growth, both top and bottom line, by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. You’ll also collaborate with Apple teams across the world to develop more effective investment strategies and risk management. Finance is crucial to upholding our global dedication to excellence, and it is directly responsible for crafting the company’s future.

Join us, and you will have a meaningful role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success. We are looking for an outgoing professional with high analytical capacity, creativity, and strong communication skills to support the Worldwide Sales Organization. The position requires the ability to understand and work with sophisticated data set in order to drive insights. The position will work cross-functionally with Sales, Finance and Technical teams to help develop new tools, processes and analysis for senior sales/finance executives.
Key Qualifications
KEY QUALIFICATIONS
At least 8 years project and/or data management experience
Technical understanding with ability to articulate complex technical issues in easy to understand business terms
Self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, fast-paced environment
Strong team orientation and collaborative style. Flexible demeanor and an ability to get involved in the details while maintaining a wider view
Excellent process management, planning, and organizational skills. Resilient and determined to ensure projects and deliverables are achieved, driving projects from inception to deployment
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Plus: Understanding of data management best practices to ensure quality data
Description
This role is a global role working on redesigning the way we capture, govern and process data from our channel partners. You will bring new innovative ideas to review the current process/system and to work on a new design of the process as well as the system. The current dataset is fundamental to manage the business and had gone through a test of time. This is an opportunity to improve and incorporate new technologies and analytics at an enterprise scale, with senior management support.
The ideal candidate is one who has experience on the collection, audit, governance and analytics of omni-channel partner data, ideally in the tech hardware industry. You will be able to work independently and have experience working cross-functionally with Sales, Operations, IT, Data Management and Business Re-Engineering teams, in ground-breaking projects.
You are a top performer in your career with a consistent track record of accomplishments. You should feel comfortable dealing with complex & ambiguous situations, with high analytical capacity, creativity, and strong interpersonal skills to support the project, managing the balance and prioritization between the various organizations.
Understand current process and system - recognise current challenges and identify areas of improvements. Challenge and create/design new efficiencies within process. Drive process changes and handle change.Ownership to drive multiple deliverables within the project.
Lead cross-functional relationship to drive and innovate new processes and design of solution.
Manage professional relationships with external partners, where required, to negotiate for data and/or improvements to data.
Communicate on status of tasks/activities, calling out risks at appropriate times.
Analyze large amount of data that team is working with and being able to present findings to partners.
Education & Experience
Bachelor's degree of a quantitative nature (Finance, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, etc.)
