Course Hero is scaling! Help us build a world where every student graduates, confident and prepared, through innovative applications of Analytics and Data Science.

Are you our dynamic Senior Data Analyst (Product Analytics)? You will build statistical models, drive actionable insights, and tackle high-impact business problems. You will tell the story behind your insights – painting a picture to our cross-functional partners, explaining what the numbers are telling us, and recommending new and enhanced product features and A/B tests for implementation.

Responsibilities:
Define and regularly monitor KPIs, success metrics, and other analytics to maximize our conversion rate across our digital channels
Lead the analytics roadmap for one of our core business units
Set up and evaluate A/B tests results and push forward next steps at a rigorous pace
Deliver reports and strategic insights through analysis and manual data extractions from various ad platforms, data tools, and internal tracking to drive OKRs
Estimate the value of different marketing strategies
Effectively communicate findings to internal and external team members
Manage research, development, and delivery of analytical models to be used for strategizing and testing new product enhancements and features
Requirements:
5+ years of experience conducting quantitative product/business analysis
Highly proficient with SQL and visualization tools (e.g. Tableau) and at least one scripting/statistical language (R, Python preferred)
Create analytical frameworks to measure team success: partner with cross-functional teams to define success metrics, create approaches to track the data and troubleshoot errors, quantify and evaluate the data, then develop a common language for all colleagues to understand these KPIs
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. You are able to establish causal relationships and meaningful insights using statistical methodologies and data
Hands-on experience with experimentation, including design, implementation, and methodologies (e.g. hypothesis testing and regression analysis) for analyzing and interpreting results to stakeholders
Experience in querying and manipulating raw datasets for analysis
Comfortable functioning in spaces with high ambiguity and adapt easily to changing environments
Bonus Points:
You understand end-to-end user journeys for web platforms and the challenges of managing user funnels that have multiple attribution touchpoints
Previous experience in the field of education or e-commerce
BA/BS in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization (e.g., computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics), or equivalent work experience
About Us:

At Course Hero, we have an awesome team and a truly engaging culture. We are customer-focused, collaborative, responsible, gritty and we love to learn. Our bold mission is to help students graduate confident and prepared!

We are not the only ones that think we're onto something big. Course Hero has been recognized as the 278th Fastest Growing Company in North America on Deloitte's 2019 Technology Fast 500 and also 2019's One of the Best Places to Work in the Bay Area by the Bay Area News Group. Read up on some of our recent news coverage, blog, and learn more about usto see what it is like to work with our team.

Benefits & Perks!
Competitive salary and stock options
Full medical coverage (medical, dental, vision)
401(k) program with match
Education Reimbursement
Quarterly team events and outings (Sporting Events, Escape Rooms, Go-Kart Racing, Karaoke, Bowling and much more!)
Free lunches twice a week, on-site cafe discount, plus an endless snack and drink supply
Onsite gym – Pacific Shores Center – Classes – Pool – Spa – Rock Wall - Massages!
Commuter benefits, shuttle service from Redwood City
10K Local move benefit to move within 10 miles of our office!
8 hours per quarter paid time for volunteering for a cause of your choice
Front row seat to Master Educator lectures – check out videos on our LinkedIn Career Page
