KAYGEN is an emerging leader in providing top talent for technology based staffing services. We specialize in providing high-volume contingent staffing, direct hire staffing and project based solutions to companies worldwide ranging from startups to Fortune 500 and Managed Service Providers (MSP) across a wide variety of industries
Job Description.
Translate business requirements into tangible solution specifications and high quality, on time deliverables.
Partner with different stakeholders and execute proof of concepts to assess the value of solutions.
Should be able to do reverse engineering to understand and derive the functional knowledge
Experience in end to end development of a new set of reports, dashboards & KPI Scorecards
Analyze large volumes of transactional data to generate insights and actionable recommendations to drive business growth.
Automate data analysis and insight generation.
Collaborate with other team members and lead project development.
Passion for knowing for emerging trends and identifying relevant opportunities.
Demonstrate ability to think strategically about business, product, and technical challenges
Understanding and implementing best practices of data visualization
Analytical/Problem Solving skills.
Apply quality control, data validation, and cleansing processes to new and existing data sources.
Support User Acceptance Testing for production applications
Support a high-performance workplace
Self-motivated with a proven track record of innovation and successful delivery.
Ability to work independently, fast paced and deadline-driven environment.
Excellent communication, presentation and Analytical skills
Drive customer communication during critical events and participate/lead various operational improvement initiatives.
Strong database Fundamentals and SQL, PLSQL. Teradata, SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, Hive, Cloudera
Knowledge of ETL and expertise in any BI tools Power BI, Tableau, SFDC Einstein Analytics, QlikSense, Qlikview, OBIEE, SAP Analytics Cloud, Kibanaetc.,
Strong Tableau Administration and dashboard migration experience
Certification in any of the BI tool would be added advantage.
Hands-on experience in data modelling, programming, querying, data mining and report development using large volumes of granular data to deliver business intelligence and custom reporting solutions
Determining methods and procedures on new assignments, establishing these for the assignment and coordinating activities with other employees while leading a small team.
Contributing to your Department by
Documenting your learnings from the current work to produce an artifact such as an internal Wiki, a blog or a best practices document
Actively participating in Department level group activities and events related to learning, formal training, interviewing, special projects, knowledge sharing etc.
At KAYGEN, we are always looking for dynamic, talented and experienced individuals. We invite you to join our team of talented IT professionals, consulting at client locations across the globe. Our culture is team-orientated; we strive to stand by our core values of respect, honesty and integrity. Our team of experienced staffing experts will work with you to find you the best opportunity. For more information please visit us at www.kaygen.com.
