Job Title:ÂData warehouse Business Systems Analyst

Location:ÂSan JoseÂorÂSan Francisco, CA

Contract: Long term

Visa status: USC/GCH/H1B

The candidate will participate in the full project lifecycle from definition through post-deployment for cloud-based data solutions.

Primary responsibility will be to elicit and detail business and functional requirements, assess project progress and monitor the effectiveness of deployed initiatives.

Key to this role is expertise in data mapping, data and reporting reverse engineering and process modeling

Responsibilities:
Work on Finance data projectsÂ(SAP ERP, FP&A, Tax & Accounting) related to analysing, migrating and transforming data from legacy sources to Enterprise Data Warehouse (Snowflake). Role will be focused on gathering analytics requirements by running user group sessions and analysing source systems.
Acts as the liaison between IT and business stakeholders during data analysis, requirements definition and design activities for new solutions/projects.
Collaborates with business stakeholders to facilitate and document business requirements, use cases and functional specifications. Provides strategic advice for business processes and solutions.
Interacts with and directs technical partners (Data Engineers, BI Engineers, ERP analysts) to develop solution alternatives.
Generate use cases and participate in unit, regression and user acceptance testing.
Communicate complex data processes clearly and concisely both orally and in writing to technical and non-technical audiences.
Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree in a technical field (e.g., computer science, information systems, engineering, statistics, math or related discipline).
8+ years' experience inÂFinance domain (ERP, FP&A, Tax & Accounting)
8+ years' experience working as a Business Systems Analyst on medium to large sized projects.
Good understanding ofÂETL concepts of data flow, data enrichment and transformation.
Significant experience with data modeling, data mapping and ability to mine and analyse complex financial data processes.
Proficient in SQL and writing database queries.
Proven experience creating business requirements documents and functional specifications and other BSA artifacts.
We are looking for Data warehouse Business Systems Analyst for a long term project.

After the lockdown ends, the consultant can work fromÂeitherÂSan JoseÂorÂSan Francisco (must be willing to commute to the alternate location occasionally, as teams sit in both offices). Local candidates only.

Interview: There will be an initial telephonic screen followed by a client interview.
