, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200171419
At Apple, we work every single day to build products that enrich people’s lives. Our Advertising Platforms group makes it possible for people around the world to easily access informational and imaginative content on their devices while helping publishers and developers promote and monetize their work. Our technology and services power advertising in Apple News and Search Ads in the App Store. Our platforms are highly performant, deployed at scale, and set new standards for enabling effective advertising while protecting user privacy.

The Ad Platforms Data Insights team is seeking a market research analyst to answer—with data and detailed analysis—the hard, open-ended questions required to operate, develop, and grow the business. In this role you will work as a key member of a data-centric team to identify the key information problems impacting our partners, build an investigative approach, apply your deep ad industry expertise, unlock the insights our business needs, and develop the action plan that moves the business forward!

A strong market research background is essential. You'll be responsible for conducting innovative qualitative and quantitative research—internal research as well as leading independent, 3rd party studies. Impactful research is more than just compiling statistics; you'll use your expertise to interpret findings, be prescriptive, and translate analyses into actionable business recommendations. Successful candidates will offer a strategic perspective, sound business judgment, strong intellectual curiosity, and a collaborative working style. You'll work hand in hand with data scientists, engineers, and business stakeholders in a multi-functional team that moves fast and delivers results.

Key Qualifications
10+ years of experience in data and market analysis, consulting, and/or market research roles in the marketing and digital advertising field. Preferred focus on paid search or performance marketing
Possess a deep understanding of the app landscape, mobile space, and digital advertising
Do you consider yourself highly analytical, intellectually curious, and having a consistent track record in quantitative and qualitative analysis?
You have experience managing third-party information and research providers (e.g., comScore, eMarketer, App Annie)
Proficiency with analytical tools, statistical packages, and basic data access; experience with programming skills in Python, Java/Scala, and SQL is a plus
Experience working effectively with business, data science, and engineering partners to meet the data needs of the business. Translating business needs into analytical requirements
Ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner with sales, product, and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product
Ability to operate comfortably and effectively in a dynamic, highly cross-functional, rapidly changing environment.
Strong organizational skills with attention to detail
Proficiency in Spanish or Portuguese is a plus!

Description
- Support Product Marketing, Sales, and the Executive Team with analysis for product performance and customer insight
Empower the global Sales teams with insights to inform and fulfill their strategic objectives and goals for every fiscal quarter
Quantify the impact of product, sales, and marketing initiatives on customer happiness and future behavior
Lead business analytic projects through all phases, including defining investigations, exploring data, analysis, interpretation, and presentation of results and work you're doing
Design and evaluate experiments that help define opportunities for increased usage, improved marketplace performance, and greater customer happiness
Monitor usage metrics, understanding business-based explanations for large scale trends, and patterns in customer lifecycle behavior
Education & Experience
Bachelor of Arts or Science in a quantitative field of study including business, statistics, math, economics or a related discipline. Graduate degree in a marketing-focused discipline a plus

Additional Requirements
