Job Description
Would you like to work with one of the highestrated employers in the US offering various great free perks?

We are currently seeking several experienced Jr. Software Data/Operations Analyst (Software Operations Associate) to be a key resource on a technical services teams. This is a 1 year (Extendable) contract position with in Mountain View, CA. (work location zip code: 94043). These are positions that will pay on a per hour W2 basis in accordance to the qualifications and experience of the candidate. Below is the job description as given to us by our client.

**Candidates must be able to work in the US without corporate sponsorship!**

Position Description

Jr. SW Operations Analyst /Software Quality Operations Associate

This is an entry-level position on our software quality operations team, which is responsible for ensuring the quality of self-driving car software. The team performs quality assurance on new software, reports bugs, and helps improve internal tools. This position provides a great opportunity to work directly with product managers, developers, and engineers, helping to bring to life an innovative product. A great candidate for this position has a curious, analytical mind, and enjoys gaining new knowledge on the go. She or he is dedicated to their work, quality-focused, can handle repetitive tasks, and is willing to take initiative and go the extra step to help the team. Collaboration and communicating effectively with teammates is important for this role. Team members may be asked to help with training and preparing training material or documentation. Preference for candidates in science, technology, physics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, data analysis or similar fields. New team members will be given extensive training on our internal tools and workflows upon hiring. She or he is expected to keep all project details confidential.

Summary of Duties:
Review and analyze testing data to identify problematic areas
Provide feedback to developers team
Create test scenarios
Work closely with engineers ensuring high quality of tests
Identify and report bugs
Keep track of issues.

Requirements:
BS/BA degree

Entry level to 5 years of experience

Deductive / Evaluative Reasoning!!!!!
Attention to detail
Willing to learn new skills

Nice to have:

Background or degree in science, technology, physics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, data analysis or similar fields
Company Description
Akorbi is a global company specializing in people, technology and language. We provide enterprise solutions to companies in various verticals, from sole proprietors to Fortune 500 companies. We are recognized as a Women's Business Enterprise, the 13th fastest growing woman-led companies and the 9th largest language service provider in the US.
