Job Description
Data Analyst III
Location: Fremont, CA
Duration: 6+ months
Duties:
Our data centers serve as the foundation upon which our software operates to meet the demands of our customers. The Asset Management and Operational Readiness team supports our data centers by developing standardized processes and procedures, asset management strategies and providing regional operational support to ensure maximum readiness of equipment and operating systems.
The ideal candidate for this role will need to be experienced in analyzing large equipment master data sets, problem solving, reporting and collaborating with a large group of stakeholders in driving continuous improvement.
This position is based in the Fremont, CA office.
Responsibilities:
Serve as a data resource leveraging analytical and technical skills to successfully support operational needs, program direction, and tools development within the global operations support team.
Maintain master asset data files & templates, update data reporting and review approval requests for various asset management activities.
Work cross-functionally with internal Data Science & Analytics teams to define problem statements, collect data, create data visualizations, make recommendations and drive improvements.
Perform financial, statistical, and qualitative data analysis on data center asset management programs.
Effectively plan and collaborate with team members, stakeholders and suppliers on data driven projects to improve internal tools, systems, and lifecycle management programs.
Work with the data center teams and various stakeholders to set, track and report on goals and key performance indicators/metrics for various asset management programs
Skills:
6+ years' experience in data, reporting, and analytical problem solving
6+ years' experience with various databases and business visualization/intelligence tools such as Tableau, Power BI, etc
Strong SQL or equivalent and excel skills, comfortable writing queries, data processing scripts, and understanding Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) data structures
Experience seeing beyond numbers to drive sound decision-making from complex datasets.
Ability to quickly learn new technologies and tools
Proven stakeholder management experience - including managing multiple cross-functional partners simultaneously.
Preferred:
10+ years' experience in data analytics of asset and BOM master data systems
Experience with Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM) principles
Working knowledge of reliability statistics such as Weibull Analysis
Sound knowledge of technical equipment such as mechanical, electrical and controls systems (moving from requirements to preferred)
Education: B.A. or B.S. degree with a quantitative focus in Economics, Computer Science, Information Systems, Math, Statistics, or equivalent experience

Required Skills:
ESQL C
Company Description
Leading CRM company
