Job Description


Job #: 1071937

Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst Opportunity!!

Apex Systems is currently looking to hire a Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst for a large tech company. Please email an updated resume to eengelen@apexsystems.com if you are interested. Thank you!

JOB DETAILS
Location: Menlo Park, 94025
Shifts / Hours: Full time, standard business hours M-F

Rate: $51.09/hr

Description for Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst:

A large tech company is currently searching for a seasoned professional to work in Finance to be part of the Marketing Sourcing team. This person will work closely with multiple business groups driving strategic sourcing strategies. They will be analyzing data for media services that support the business to ensure financial compliance. To make sure contract terms are enforced and business teams understand where they can extract additional value from their vendors.

Job Responsibilities for Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst:
Clean and analyze various data points based on commercial contracts terms and sourcing activities for our Strategic Sourcing Manager for Media.
Review commercial contract terms and develop plan to ensure financial contract compliance through review of POs, invoices, weekly/monthly financial reports from vendors that cover media spent and staff plan utilization.
Engage in frequent verbal and written communications with the internal and vendor’s teams.
Support sourcing projects including preparing RFx’s, managing competitive bids, obtaining quotes, negotiating, examining and analyzing bids and proposals, etc.
Ensure business activities and contracts comply with internal policies and guidelines.
Specific project work will vary including various sourcing and source-to-pay activities
Skills Needed for Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst:
Extensive knowledge and experience with data analysis and understanding of commercial contract financial terms
Must be comfortable working in a fast-paced environment with frequent tight deadlines under minimal supervision and must also be comfortable working collaboratively, efficiently and effectively with both internal clients and external vendors
Experience partnering with a team of channel, retail, e-commerce, marketing, sales, and product development teams to develop and build alignment around long- and short-term vendor strategies
Proven track record of implementing process improvement initiatives based on data analysis
Required Qualifications for Strategic Sourcing Data Analyst:
4+ years’ experience in supply chain, procurement, or finance
BS degree in related field
Once again, if interested send updated copy of resume to eengelen@apexsystems.com and I'll give you a call to talk more. We can get you submitted for this role today!

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
