Information Security Data and Reporting Analyst
Location: Glendale, AZ

Overall 10+ years' experience
The Information Security Data Analyst is responsible for safeguarding organizational information assets through data analysis, and development and maintenance of metrics to measure the effectiveness of the information security function. This position will produce reporting through data analysis to come up with actionable items to help Management make informed data-based decisions.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Uses a combination of software tools, statistical analysis, critical thinking, programming and/or scripting, and web research to analyze large, complex sets of data related to Information Security data, including vulnerability and compliance scans.
Conducts routine and ad hoc data extraction, analysis, charting, and reporting to inform data-based decision making for management.
Extracts & integrates information security data from multiple sources to produce requested or required data elements and analyses.
Identifies analyzes and interprets trends, patterns, and outliers in complex data.
Quantifies the impact and assesses the severity of data issues.
Proposes and assists in the development of innovative ways of presenting complex data and metrics.
Partners with business and functional units to create and maintain the info security metrics.
Creates/Maintains vulnerability scans, and then analyze data and integrate into reporting and dashboard creation.
Proven ability to successfully partner with internal clients and vendors to align strategy with deliverables, identify business challenges and develop alternatives to mitigate.

Job Specifications:
Expert in Information Security Data Analytics.
Hands-on Experience in working in a Data warehouse environment.
Experience with SQL/PLSQL and DataMart concepts.
Strong knowledge of analytical, data reporting tools & techniques, prioritizing and problem-solving skills.
Strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.
Ability to present ideas in user-friendly language to a variety of constituent audiences.
Domain Knowledge of Insurance - (Property and Casualty) along with Information Security.
Ability to develop positive and collaborative relationships with business partners and effectively communicate with both business and technology data stakeholders.
Capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements
Worked on Security system analysis, development, and database analysis
Create reports and data-driven presentations with impact. Identify trends and occurrences in data and translate findings into various mediums, including text, charts, graphs, displays and tables.
Interpret data, analyze results, and provide insights for creating Metrics and Dashboard Wireframes.
Develop reports and deliverables for management.
Identify and define data quality and reporting improvements.
