Posting Type:
Open to All Applicants

Category: FLSA Exempt/
Non-Exempt: Non-Exempt
Agency: Dept of State Health Services Department: Injury Prevention
Job Title: Data Analyst I Posting Number: 458629
Full Time/Part Time : Full Time Regular/Temporary: Regular
Job Location: 1100 W 49TH ST City: AUSTIN
Contact: AccessHR Service Center Telephone: 888-894-4747
Salary Range: $3,293.41 - $4,332.08 Salary Group: B18
Shift: Days (First) Travel: 10%
Closing Date: 07/21/2020
Job Description:
Performs entry-level data analysis and injury research work for all programs in the Office of Injury Prevention (OIP). Work involves preparing and conducting data analysis, assisting with report preparation along with creation and querying record level data. Compiles data for analysis using SAS/SQL procedures. Assists with reproducing and confirming analysis for epidemiologists in the OIP. Assists in developing data quality procedures. Conducts quality assurance and improvement tasks related to data sets and analyses.

Essential Job Functions:
Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.

(30%) Prepares data for analysis. Uses SQL/SAS queries to compile data from databases and data sources. Cleans data to identify and remove duplicate records. Uses basic character and numeric manipulation procedures to produce research variables. Compiles frequency and distribution analysis on data set variables for data quality reports and program updates.

(30%) Assist the OIP epidemiologists with report preparation and creation. Assists in providing secondary independent analysis to confirm results and findings. Assists in reproducing analysis for smaller geographic areas in Texas (counties, public health regions, etc.) Assists with the updating of previously created reports and interactive reports created in Tableau and PowerBI.

(20%) Queries record level data for data quality, linking and injury specific projects. Compiles subsets of data needed for record level review. Assist epidemiologists in development of record level data review procedures. Manually reviews data to identify: data anomalies, linked matching and injury identification. Assists in preparing reports on record level data review.

(15%) Assist in developing standard data quality enhancement procedures and methods. Assist in the developing data cleaning and management guidelines for the OIP. Assists epidemiologists in implementing data quality enhancement procedures. Consults with DSHS’ Public Health Applications to identify and relay data quality issues.

(5%) Other duties as assigned include, but are not limited to, actively participating and/or serving in a supporting role to meet the agency’s obligations for disaster response and/or recovery or Continuity of Operations (COOP) activation. Such participation may require an alternate shift pattern assignment and/or location.

Knowledge Skills Abilities:
Knowledge of compiling and preparing datasets using SAS/SQL procedures.
Knowledge of email, word processing, spreadsheet and database programs such as Word, Excel, Access, PeopleSoft and Outlook. Should be proficient in Excel.
Knowledge of statistics and data analysis.
Knowledge of report writing for public audiences.
Knowledge of handling protected information.
Knowledge of handling and distributing confidential data.

Skill in managing and analyzing large datasets (500,000+ records).
Skill in learning new procedures, techniques and analysis.
Skill in using professional data analysis software (SAS/SQL/Python/Tableau).

Ability to compile and navigate large datasets (500,000+ records).
Ability to gather, assemble, correlate and analyze facts.
Ability to prepare comprehensive, accurate reports.
Ability to anticipate, analyze and solve problems.
Ability to be an effective team member.
Ability to provide technical advice on adherence to appropriate policies and procedures.
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.
Ability to assess and manage priorities.
Ability to maintain attention to detail when reviewing data.

Registration or Licensure Requirements:
SAS/SQL Certification preferred, but not required.

Initial Selection Criteria:
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with coursework in data and/or computer science, information systems, statistics or related field. Experience and education may be substituted for one another.

At least one (1) year of experience creating and manipulating datasets.

At least one (1) year of experience in using SAS/SQL for data abstraction.

At least one (1) year of experience in producing basic queries such as frequencies, sums and averages.

Experience working in a group setting to analyze data.

Preferred (1 year experience working large datasets 1,000,0000+ records)

Additional Information:
Information on application must clearly state how applicant meets initial selection criteria in the summary of experience section of the application. Resumes will not be accepted in lieu of an application.

Applicants selected for interview will be required to complete an in-basket exercise.

Agency salary policy, budget and candidate’s qualifications will dictate final salary offer.

Note: There may be no military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor’s Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx

MOS Code:
None

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.

View similar jobs
