Data Strategy Analyst (a.k.a. Curation Optimization Specialist)
GroupBy is looking for a talented Data Strategy Analyst (or what we call our Curation Optimization Specialist) who will be the owner of our client data strategy and automation initiatives. This person will be our product data specialist charged with producing and monitoring the quality of our client data strategies before passing it on to our curation engine.
To ensure the highest level of data quality from the beginning of a customer engagement onward, you will create and refine all the necessary rules to manage curation tasks efficiently.
Organization is key for you, as you assess client data on page and within product feeds to determine a holistic plan to automate how it's retrieved while maintaining its integrity and quality.
You obsess on how to make data category and data retrieval as optimized as possible. You identify gaps in data coverage, misclassified content, redundant and/or ineffective categorization rules then fix it.
Because of your ongoing keyword discovery and expansion of the rule library, you’re working with the Engineering and Machine Learning teams to create new features to improve data.
You will partner with the Ecommerce Strategist and Taxonomist teams to make immediate changes and improvements to each step of the data enrichment process as needed to maintain data quality.
Who we are
e-Commerce has come a long way. Within hours you can set up an online shop and make your first sale. However, despite all the advances, e-Commerce becomes really hard at a certain scale. What if you want to search 10 million products globally, from hundreds of vendors, in 20 languages, being updated 100s of times per minute, while providing a personalized experience to each customer? That's where GroupBy comes in.

GroupBy exists to solve the tough problems in e-Commerce. We work with the biggest players in the industry and take on their most complex challenges. We've built a cloud-based, data-driven eCommerce platform that provides all the building blocks for a great online shopping experience: Product data enrichment, intelligent search and suggestions, personalization, analytics and recommendations.

We solve these problems by surrounding ourselves with people who love what they do, and are given the freedom to excel at it. Our team is comprised of passionate, innovative thinkers who work together to create groundbreaking products. We like working with awesome people, and we love helping these people become even better. We invest in your growth as a professional with open workshops and a self-directed training allowance. We believe these to be essential for solving tough problems.

We are very proud of the culture and diversity at GroupBy. You will be part of a company with open office spaces, free biweekly lunches, monthly social events, a cupboard full of snacks and beverages, flexible hours, and a games room.

Learn more about who we are by visiting www.groupbyinc.com

How We Operate
We embrace microservice at an organizational level, where teams of up to 6 engineers work on loosely-coupled components to deliver sophisticated features.
We embrace a modern dev-ops culture, where core product engineers work hand-in-hand with site reliability engineers and other teams to operate, monitor, troubleshoot and frequently update our critical production systems.
We work with our product owners to understand our roadmap, align the architecture with business goals on the horizon, and discuss challenges while grooming and refining our backlog.

Skills you Have
Communication and Team Building: You can communicate effectively within a team, and have a knack for working with people, not just data.
Technical Expertise: You can apply data mining techniques, analytics and information retrieval methods with your eyes closed. Additionally, your experience in writing SQL queries, pulling and manipulating data helps you stay organized.
Passion and Autonomy: You love what you do, and take every opportunity to excel at it, explore new grounds and learn something new, and propose improvements.
Adaptability: You understand how our industry works, and you’ve learned to juggle, re-prioritize, and execute on the fly as the situation changes.
A love of learning: You have a desire to continue to build on your technical capabilities to continue to master your craft.
Curious Spirit: You seek to understand what you are creating and why it’s important.

Your Technical Experience
Completed a Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent in Information Sciences, Statistics or a related degree.
1+ years hands-on experience in data analytics, text mining, machine learning, and/or AI
Development experience with R and/or Python
Capable of writing SQL and understanding data structures
Excellent MS Excel skills, with some experience working with large, structured databases, building dashboards and reports in any data visualization software such as DataStudio, Power BI, Tableau, etc.
Exceptional written, oral and communication skills with the ability to work independently and proactively

Nice to Have
Some project management experience
Understanding of mass merchandising, retail, e-commerce and multi-channel retailing
SaaS experience is strongly preferred

What are you waiting for? Come join our team!
