Ref ID: 04160-9502602115Classification: Data Analyst

Compensation: $52.18 to $60.00 hourly

Robert Half Technology is looking for a Data Analyst to help our client in South Austin on an upcoming short term project.

Duties:
Collect and document business requirements for reporting and analysis initiatives with customers.
Perform quantitative and/or qualitative data analysis and prepare results to share with internal and external customers.
Aid in design and development of data warehouse/data mart applications.
Undertake complex data integration activities.
Utilize SQL or other advanced analytic tools to perform data extract and query functions.
Identify and troubleshoot data anomalies and irregularities.
Prepare written and oral reports that communicate necessary information to internal and external customers.
Willingness to learn and work with Business Intelligence (BI) tools for extracting and compiling data.
Become a data subject matter expert (SME) and understand various sources and applications of CCC data.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Job Requirements:
Use of statistics to solve problems and perform moderately complex data analysis. - Experience understanding and writing SQL queries in various environments. - Experience developing and troubleshooting programming code (e.g. SQL, SAS, STATA, R). - Demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects with varying deadlines. - Compliance with data confidentiality and security procedures. - Perform complex operations in Microsoft Office Suite, with an emphasis on Excel and Access. - Ability to write and speak clearly, easily communicating complex ideas as indicated by audience. - Knowledge of healthcare, including medical claims coding, relationships between health plans, providers, and payers, a plus. MINIMUM EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE - Bachelors degree in related field required, Masters degree preferred. - 1-3 years of experience with data management and statistical analysis. - Proficiency in using SQL for database queries. - Experience in a health or healthcare field. - Experience using statistical analysis software such as SAS, R, or STATA is desirable but not required. - Any equivalent combination of education and/or experience may substitute Apply today if interested.
Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
