ASSOCIATE SALESFORCE.COM DATA STEWARD & ANALYSTData Stewardship is responsible for the integrity of the SalesForce.com (SFDC) database for the primary use of the global Cloud Protection & Licensing (CP&L) Sales Teams. The SFDC database is the primary Sales CRM application to manage Leads, Accounts, Contacts Opportunities and Quotes for Forecasting. This information provides Sales Management with the ability to forecast, and manage company deals through multiple calendar periods.Secondarily, the daily, weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual management of this database will provide for automation of integrated applications (Oracle, ServiceNow, CRM, GTO HUB, Entitlement Applications WPS, Licensors, Cipher Portal) and synchronized data (Asset Management, Maintenance & Subscription Renewal generation, and Cipher Partner Portal). Data Steward Ownership of this vital information is the entry point and front line for all company deals.Thirdly, the management of data is utilized by our Marketing department for its efforts in providing content, promoting product solutions to prospects, customers and our partners.A week in the life of an Associate SalesForce.com Data Steward & Analyst* You will manage the SFDC Support inbox and delegate requests.* You will manage daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly data processes.* You will provide excellent customer service in a timely manner.* You will work in SFDC database to maintain and improve data.* You will maintain any new updates with all processes that require support input. .* You will participate in the full application life cycle of SFDC testing, deployment and customer support.* You will be supporting 800 and growing users and 20 office worldwide.* You manage manual and mass data editing, updating and generation.* You will be the troubleshoot user, and inter-department requests for data-related corrections, updates and analytic tools (dashboard and reports)..* You will manage data-related projects; liaise with other internal departments to resolve data discrepancies.* You will update database field information supporting the global team of Sales, Marketing, Finance, Customer Service and Management users.* You will work on cipher tech partner clean up - review operationalizing the tech partners, improve onboarding and adding logo process. Work to make sure tech partners are putting Thales on their web page and advertising our relationship.Knowledge, Skills and Experience:* To succeed at this job, you must be: Fluent with SalesForce.com Classic, and beginner to intermediate understanding of SalesForce.com Lightening. Preferable beginner to basic understanding of Oracle data (how to view data and pull reports). Duties will include, but are not limited to: Understanding and intuitive in data standardization, and basic User Role/Profile/Sharing customizations within SFDC. Ability to independently review, research, and analyze data* You must be fluent in English.* We would like someone to join our team who is passion for data, information, and improving available information. Professional with a methodological approach to tasks, you must be able to effectively prioritize and organize your workload to support the team accordingly, contributing towards the highest standards of service we provide for our internal customers.* You must have a Bachelor's Degree Computer Science, Business Administration or equivalent experience can be substituted for degree.* We are looking for someone with 3 years experience of working in a busy support and administration environment, ideally in sales administration. 1 year experience with DemandTools experience. Strong IT skills and good working knowledge of Microsoft Office.* Travel: Occasional 25% or lessEmployees are required to perform the duties of this position, or any Gemalto position, in compliance with all company policies, procedures, practices, and processes, whether written or verbal, which Gemalto, in its sole discretion, may change periodically, including, but not limited to, those implemented to ensure product, physical plant, information systems and technology security, along withal federal, state and local regulations and public policies. Protect Gemalto assets from unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, destruction or interference. React and help resolve security events or security risks reported by employees. Ensure responsibility is assigned to the individual for actions taken.Gemalto, a Thales Company, is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunity for all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, veteran's status, or other protected group status. We support and apply this policy through a program of affirmative action. This includes special efforts to employ and advance within our organization, qualified members of protected groups. Applicants may request reasonable accommodation to participate in the hiring process, please direct your inquiries to the Human Resources Department at careers.america@gemalto.com
