Job â Data Analyst / Program Manager

Location : Texas

Â

Experience : 2.5-5 Years

Â

Qualification : BE/B.Tech (Hons)

Â

Skill (Primary) : Technical Skills-Consulting-Program Management

Â

Job Description : Data Analyst or Program Manager in Data Scope: Leverages expert data management knowledge to support in one or many of the information management functions.

Â

Tasks may include any of the items noted below:
Identify and implement process improvements Lead discussions with cross-functional teams on complex problems Oversee alignment of best practices and tools based on business needs
Metadata and Data Quality Support.
Metadata repository maintenance, access requests, and proper metadata association Review, validate, and record metadata and data quality information.
Development of definitions, data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics of quality for data elements that support critical business processes.
Development of controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards for high risk issues.
Define and oversee high risk data quality corrective action plans.
Oversee data quality compliance assessment process.
Information Lifecycle Management
Oversee archiving and purging activities of data
Develop archiving and purging strategies and processes
Oversee ILM compliance assessment process identifying items that may be a risk to the corporation.
Data Security and Privacy
Manage Data Access security as needed
Support Privacy initiatives through analysis of sensitive data
Ensure sensitive data is accessed and shared in accordance to policies and processes.
Master and Reference Data
Develop Master and Reference Data processes and procedures to align with Enterprise Policies and Standards
Create and maintain reference data in accordance to processes and procedures.
Ensure quality and maintenance of master data.
To effectively manage cross functional teams to complete requirement analysis, solution identification, plan/ lead project deliverables
To ensure customer satisfaction for project deliverable quality and security norms
To prepare and submit weekly project status reports to confirm project progress to the customer
To ensure that the project solutions/deliverables adhere to Global Project Management framework and methodology compliance
To analyze and submit P&L reports of the project to the customer
