MISSION: The Texas Education Agency (TEA) will improve outcomes for all public-school students in the state by providing leadership, guidance, and support to school systems.

This position is funded through September 30, 2022 under the federal CARES Act grant. Continuation of the position beyond that date is contingent on available funding.


ABOUT OUR DIVISION: The Strategy and Operations division sits within the Department of Strategy and Analytics in the Office of School Programs. Strategy and Analytics exists to serve and support program leaders across the Office of School Programs. As an internal customer service organization, the group is both a decision engine and operations support provider for program leaders that saves time and increases impact. The Office of School Programs is made up over 150 staff members and is responsible for programmatic areas including Assessment, College, Career, and Military Preparation, Early Childhood Education, Instructional Strategy, and Standards and Support Services.

POSITION OVERVIEW: The Strategy and Operations Associate is responsible for providing highly advanced (senior-level) consultative services and technical assistance using data-driven insights to drive operational initiatives. The Associate will collaborate with partners across the office and TEA more broadly to align metric outputs to opportunities for improvement, while developing business cases to drive next-level improvements in Office of School Programs operations. The Associate will regularly work with financial, operational, and stakeholder data while conducting research and performing mission-critical strategic assessments.
The Strategy and Operations Associate performs highly advanced (senior-level) operational, strategic, and financial analyses. This position develops and oversees performance systems and complex analytical models from which they will distill and communicate key insights and recommendations. The Specialist will also support the launch of new initiatives and pilot programs. This position works under minimal supervision, with extensive latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.

Please note that a resume and tailored cover letter are required attachments for applying to this position. Incomplete applications will not be considered.
Applicants who are strongly being considered for employment must submit to a national criminal history background check.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Collects, analyzes, and evaluates data to understand strategic trends and measure effectiveness of business operations.
Identifies insights, creates and maintains dashboards, tracks key performance indicators, and recommends process and strategy improvements; partners with stakeholder groups to enact these recommendations.
Supports financial forecasting, budget creation, and financial decision-making through scenario modeling.
Helps identify the tools and designs the processes needed to implement programs and projects.
Communicates performance trends and analyses to key partners across the organization.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Bachelor’s degree in a financial or analytical field (e.g. Finance, Economics, Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, or another related field) preferred. Master of Business Administration (MBA) a plus.
Experience: At least four (4) years of experience in a business analysis role. Consulting, data science, or other equally rigorous and quantitative experience preferred.
Substitutions: Education and experience may substitute for one another on a year-for-year basis.

OTHER QUALIFICATIONS:
Certified Texas Contract Manager (CTCM) certification must be obtained within first six (6) months of employment
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Superior project and time management ability
Advanced Excel knowledge with experience in financial modeling and data analysis
Passionate about working with data, measuring performance, and making decisions based on quantitative or deductive reasoning
Knowledge of SQL a plus
Incredible attention to detail
A track record of performance and successful implementation across multiple concurrent projects
Self-starter with an outcomes-based approach to management
Fast learner who thrives in a high-performing environment
High intellectual ceiling with the ability to solve new and dynamic operating problems
A desire to self-reflect, give/receive feedback and continuously improve
As an equal opportunity employer, we hire without consideration to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age or veteran status, unless an applicant is entitled to the veteran’s preference.
Additional Military Crosswalk (occupational specialty code) information can be accessed here.
This position requires the applicant to meet Agency standards and criteria which may include passing a pre-employment criminal background check, prior to being offered employment by the Agency.
No phone calls or emails, please. Due to the high volume of applications, we do not accept telephone calls and cannot reply to all email inquiries. Only candidates selected for interview will be contacted.
