Description Responsibilities include Analyze and query multiple, databases and systems to produce reports and databases. Design andor develop specific databases for collection, tracking, and reporting of departmental data. Responsible for collecting, analyzing, interpreting, and summarizing data in preparation for generation of statistical and analytical reports. Recognize, investigate, and resolve data discrepancies and anomalies. Actively seek and recommend improvement to the data update process and documentation. Perform checks and audit of various data sources to ensure data is accurate and complete. Using software tools for data analysis, including SQL and Excel, andor other software, analyze raw data, draw conclusions and provide recommendations. Collect, compile and analyze data to measure and report on program performance. Provide reports of analyses to decision makers. Preferred Qualifications Must demonstrate experience with database design, reporting tools, and project management and familiarity with health care information system industry. In-depth knowledge of large datasets, SQL In-depth knowledge of ETLinteroperability processes and workflows Excellent technical writing and communication skills Ability to plan, organize and coordinate work assignments Ability to work effectively and independently Requirements SQL Queries, Relational Database, MS Excel, Database Table Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
