Data AnalystFort Worth, TXData Analyst Fort Worth, TX

Outstanding opportunity for a Data Analyst to work with the Intelligent Automation team RPA, NLP, AI and Advanced Analytics, to provide specialization in Advanced Analytics to extract insight from information by iterating rapidly to summarize and visualize large data sets. You will be working closely with business SMEs, operations research and will be learning / leveraging AI tools & techniques. You will assist in efforts to create analytical solutions for client initiatives. Youll be responsible for data exploration, discovery, and presentation of gathered insight from data. You will be responsible for visualizing and communicating insight extracted from data to stakeholders at various levels across the company. You will construct, test, maintain and architect supporting datasets.

This position requires Hands on & expert experience with enterprise data visualization tools like Tableau and / or Power BI leveraging Azure AI platform tools like Databricks & Auto ML, etc. Proven ability to work independently on big projects is essential. Ability to facilitate conversations with business SMEs to understand the problem, rapidly iterate proposed solutions and clearly present new findings/ solutions is required. Lead-level experience providing technical & functional guidance is a must. Experience with relational database management system development also a required. Must be able to build analytics solution including data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, testing and implementation. Solid analysis and problem-solving skills and superior interpersonal skills with the ability to work with several stakeholders across multiple organizations is required. Must be open to learn new tools and technologies and able to adapt to fast-paced working environment. Preferred Experience includes: Project leadership experience leading collaborative efforts; Masters Degree in Management Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent; and, ability to write code in python, java and R.

Desired Skills: Data Analytics, Enterprise Reporting, Tableau, Power BI, RDBMS, Azure AI, Databricks, Auto ML, Python, Java, R

**Local candidates preferred**
