Fidelity TalentSource is your destination for discovering your next temporary role at Fidelity Investments. We are currently sourcing for a Data Conversion Analyst to work in Fidelity’s Workplace Investments Group in Westlake, TX!

Role Summary:


The Data Conversion Systems Analyst is tasked with supporting data conversion solutions by improving the conversion process in partnership with internal IT and external business partners. The Systems Analyst is the primary advocate and liaison for the on-shore and off-shore developers for who they support during the conversion process. The Analyst will primarily be supporting data conversions under mentorship of Senior Associates; however will be 100% accountable for their work.

This resource will be supporting the conversion of retirement, 401(k) and define contribution funds and participants from clients to our platform, which means there will be a high level of scrutiny and pressure. The candidate will be working with resources which include business-facing teams, other systems analysts, as well as on-shore and off-shore developers – and therefore must be a phenomenal teammate able to work with a variety of organizations.

The Data Conversion Systems Analyst is responsible for the receipt of inbound data records, the creation of the technical conversion specifications to “map” these external records to the internal Fidelity specs, participate in the creation of the conversion strategy document by providing technical details to augment the business requirements, offer mentorship and support when it comes to the accurate creation and loading of the data to our systems and provide systems support to the project team. Works on multiple projects concurrently and contributes to timely and on-budget project goals.

Responsibilities:


Architecture
Aligns with data conversion and implementation standards.
Understands data conversion standard methodologies.
Develops original and creative solutions to on-going data conversion efforts.
Analyze client/vendor source data.
Design
Performs independent and complex functional data analysis for multiple projects supporting several data conversions at one time.
Designs/improves conversion technical specifications (known as the Data Element Listing) to support the data conversion effort. Documents detailed instructions for data conversion.
Performs functional analysis for projects to support the creation of other project documentation (such as the Conversion Strategy Document).
Participates in data conversion design and accuracy review.
Development / Execution
Plans and coordinates project schedules and coordinates with senior associates, external vendors and internal contacts for project assignments.
Receives data from external record keepers and posts those records to the mainframe environment for programmer use.
Reviews external records for file layout consistency, adjusting requirements where needed.
Interacts with external record keepers to understand and decipher file layouts in order to convert them to Fidelity layouts.
Establishes partnerships across multiple businesses and functions.
Testing
Performs conversion testing by reviewing conversion reports.
Supports conversion testing corrections for any conversion problems.
Assists in the planning and conducting of client/user review of conversion results (reports and implementation of corrections)
Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to the data conversion of implementation
Deployment
Responsible for supporting implementation of moderate-scope to major data conversions.
Responsible for post-installation testing and correction of any conversion problems.
Documentation
Develops comprehensive documentation for all data conversions
Responsible for post-installation testing correction of any conversion problems.
Assists data conversion team working with associates across various functions.
Raises data conversion project issues to senior associates and managers.
Qualifications:


Bachelor's Degree preferred.
2+ year’s experience - demonstrable understanding of the data conversion implementation processes including analysis, design, problem resolution and planning.
Experience in Financial Services, Banking, 401(k), Define Contribution, Mixed Election, Retirement funds is highly preferred.
Solid grasp of Investment industry is needed.
Must be a “specialist” in Microsoft Excel, with a solid grasp of Microsoft Word and Microsoft Access.
Experience in data transmission protocols (such as SFPT, TSO, etc) is highly preferred.
Company Overview


Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skillset and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource.

For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Company Overview


Fidelity TalentSource, formerly Veritude, is the in-house temporary staffing provider for Fidelity Investments, one of the largest and most diversified global financial services firms in the industry. We recruit individuals from a variety of backgrounds, including technology and customer service, to fill assignments across Fidelity’s U.S.-based regional and investor center locations. If you would like to experience Fidelity’s diverse and inclusive workplace while expanding your skill set and developing your professional network, consider a role with Fidelity TalentSource. For information about working at Fidelity TalentSource, visit FTSJobs.com.

Information about Fidelity Investments


At Fidelity, we are focused on making our financial expertise broadly accessible and effective in helping people live the lives they want. We are a privately held company that places a high degree of value in creating and nurturing a work environment that attracts the best talent and reflects our commitment to our associates. We are proud of our diverse and inclusive workplace where we respect and value our associates for their unique perspectives and experiences. For information about working at Fidelity, visit FidelityCareers.com.

Fidelity Investments and Fidelity TalentSource are equal opportunity employers.
