Req Id: 2756
Job location: Charlotte, NC, US, 28277

Brighthouse Financial is on a mission to help people achieve financial security. As one of the largest providers of annuities and life insurance in the U.S., we specialize in products designed to help people protect what they've earned and ensure it lasts. We are built on a foundation of experience and knowledge, which allows us to keep our promises and provide the value they deserve.

At Brighthouse Financial, we're fostering a culture where diverse backgrounds and experiences are celebrated, and different ideas are heard and respected. We believe that by creating an inclusive workplace, we're better able to attract and retain our talent, provide valuable solutions that meet the needs of our advisors and their clients, and deliver on our mission of helping more people achieve financial security. We're se eking passionate, high-performing team member to join us. Sound like you? Read on.

How This Role Contributes to Brighthouse Financial:

The Operations Data Analyst will assist in the execution of data compilation, reporting and analysis for Operations to monitor third party commissions transactions and address operational escalations. The role has a primary function in analyzing policy transactions and commission activities and generating and maintaining reporting requirements for senior leadership to verify the accuracy and completeness of data.

Key Responsibilities:
Analyze transactional data on a daily and monthly basis to validate system results are as expected
Perform reconciliations to ensure accuracy and completeness of data
Provide monthly and ad-hoc reporting needs associated with transaction trends for senior leadership
Collaborate with Operations and Product to identify operational errors or inefficiencies and discuss process enhancements in accordance with applicable policies and procedures
Address operational escalations that require review and approval
Additional duties as requested
Essential Business Experience and Technical Skills:
2 to 5 years of experience with data analytics, SOX financial controls, and executing internal process controls, preferably within an insurance provider or financial services company but not required
Strong background in trend and data analytics, ability to provide meaningful analysis and recommendations
Proficient understanding of operations process workflows
Strong organizational skills; ability to manage multiple tasks and requests
Ability to build effective relationships and work with business partners at all levels, especially Operations, Product and Compliance
Undergraduate degree preferred
Salary Grade:

9M

Travel:

Less than 5%

Number of Openings:

1

PI121218714
