Sr Data Analyst


Job Description

CFS Technology, Central Ohio’s premier IT staffing solutions provider, has been contacted by a longtime client that is currently seeking a Sr Data Analyst with 5-11 years experience working with COGNOS, Data Mining, Dashboards, ad hoc reports. Sr Data Analysts —are you interested in taking the next step in your career with a progressive healthcare organization that will truly value your expertise? Join our team at CFS Technology!

Here at CFS Technology, we understand the requirements of our clients and we have the resources to provide them with exceptional talent. Our client’s satisfaction is the most important part of our business, and we work hard to ensure that each placement we do is the absolute best.

Due to continued growth, we are currently seeking seasoned individuals like you to serve as a Sr Data Analyst. We will assign a dedicated recruiter who will get to know you, learn about your skills, your goals and your preferences, and then match you with just the right assignments with just the right companies, which provides you with limitless potential for success. You have the talent, drive and expertise—we have the right connections. Together, we can help you to build a better career. Contact us today!

Sr Data Analyst

Job Responsibilities

As a Sr Data Analyst, you will work collaboratively with an analytics team utilizing COGNOS to produce ad hoc reports, do predictive analysis, and develop dashboards. This is a chance to get on the ground floor of a Data Mining project that will transform healthcare.

Specific duties in this role include

Data Mining patient population records
Ad hoc reports related to coding of office visits for physicians
Creating dashboards for physicians on individual patients
Data extracting

Sr Data Analyst


Requirements

We are looking for an experienced Sr Data Analyst who combines strong analytical and organizational skills with solid prioritization and attention to detail abilities. You must have sound judgment and strong reasoning skills, as well as good analytic and problem-solving abilities. Excellent verbal, written and interpersonal skills utilized within a diverse cultural environment are critical as well.

Specific requirements for this position include:
5-11 years data analytics experience
COGNOS experience a must
Dashboard experience
Strong database skills
Finance reporting a plus
Articulate, strong verbal communication skills
Collaborative personality/good team player!
Tableau or Power Bl experience a plus.
Ability to work independently, as well as part of a team, in a diverse cultural environment.
Sr Data Analyst


Build a rewarding long-term career with us at CFS—when we knock, doors open.
Id: EB-1920432548
