Job Description
Marketing Analyst, Job, POWERHOME Solar, Mooresville, North Carolina

POWERHOME Solar is an American company headquartered in Mooresville, North Carolina, that specializes in solar energy and roofing services. In July 2018, they were named the No. 12 residential solar installer in the nation by Solar Power World, and we have grown from having 15 employees in 2015 to over 600 employees and still counting four years later. In 2017, the company was ranked No. 96 on Inc. 500’s list of the fastest-growing private companies in America. POWERHOME is private-equity backed, and part of Trivest.

We're hiring a full-time Marketing Analyst for a permanent position in Mooreseville, North Carolina.

We are looking for an experienced Marketing Analyst to maximize our advertising spend. This is a highly analytical role, in a fast-paced environment. We are looking for an experienced Marketing Analyst, who has worked with large, complex sets of data. We need someone who is a self-starter and begin to execute with minimal training.

POWERHOME Solar is an American company headquartered in Mooresville, North Carolina, that specializes in solar energy and roofing services. In July 2018, we were named the No. 12 residential solar installer in the nation by Solar Power World, and we have grown from having 15 employees in 2015 to over 600 employees and still counting four years later. In 2017, the company was ranked No. 96 on Inc. 500’s list of the fastest-growing private companies in America.

Marketing Analyst Responsibilities and Duties:
Keep pace with digital and search marketing industry trends and developments, working with Social Media Manager.
Analyze and evaluate performance metrics of accounts across multiple ad platforms.
Administer and analyze web analytics, reports and key reporting tools, and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals.
Communicate to team and management on project development, timelines, and results.
Work closely with the other team members to meet client goals.
Marketing Analyst Education and Experience Requirements:
At least 3 years of strong experience in managing in Data Analytics and marketing.
Outstanding ability to think creatively and identify & resolve problems.
Self-motivated and strong personal ethics.
Attention to detail
Ability to clearly and effectively articulate thoughts and points.
Ability to learn new industries and new business types quickly and apply this knowledge to digital marketing campaigns.
Excellent analytical, organizational, project management and time management skills.
Experience in Sales Force
Must be very proficient in Excel or SQL to analyze data
Marketing Analyst Professional Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with or desire to learn popular ad platforms (Facebook, Google Ads and other social media)
Familiarity with data from Television advertisements and Print Media
Excellent client service delivery, business development, analytical, and presentation skills.
Organizational skills, able to manage multiple projects at once.
Excellent communication skills, both proactive and reactive.
5 to 7 years of professional experience
