Full Time/Benefits Eligible
PhD preferred, or on track to obtain PhD within two years*
We are seeking a Data Statistics Analyst that will work alongside clinical Care
Coordination staff in order to further the mission of Partners For Kids (PFK).
PFK is a physician-hospital organization affiliated with Nationwide
Children s Hospital. PFK contracts with the Medicaid managed care plans in
counties in the central and southeast Medicaid regions for approximately
330,000 children. The Data Statistics Analyst will:
Identify and implement measurement methods that assess effectiveness of
various interventions.
Create publications for peer reviewed journals and grant submissions on
best practices
Provide statistical and methodical expertise, critical thinking and
analysis skills

What Will You Be Doing?
Work with Care Coordination teams to develop measures for monitoring
interventions and clinical outcomes to evaluate the effectiveness of the
care coordination program.
Conducts monthly/quarterly and annual regulatory reporting to Health
Plans.
Utilizes existing datasets (Enterprise Data Warehouse, Claims Data
Warehouse, comparative pediatric datasets) to run queries and summarize
output needed for day to day operations of the care coordination program.
Participates in development of care coordination documentation modules in
the Electronic Health Record in order to leverage EHR data in reporting.
Creates controls charts and graphs to visually depict process and outcome
measures.
Tabulates and analyzes population health data by using statistical
techniques in order to assess health status and program effectiveness.
Coordinates the selection and implementation of risk stratification
tools.
Facilitates efforts to improve care coordination through tracking,
trending, data collection, assessment of statistical process charts,
follow up and communication.
Documents measures, designs and develops dashboards for data analysis
using business intelligence tools.
Participates in research, scientific investigation, publication, and
grant writing activities related to care coordination and population
health.
Collaborates with hospital/medical /care coordination staff to
systematically collect and analyze a variety of data, creating and
interpreting data displays, and creating summaries.
Participates in improving decision support through recommending areas or
approaches for improvement activities, performing new procedures,
collecting data and providing input to department discussions.
Participates in research, scientific investigation, publication, and
grant writing activities related to care coordination and population
health.
Ensures that integrity of data being reported is accurate and valid.
What Are We Looking For?
To fulfill this role successfully, you must possess these minimum
qualifications and experience:
Master's Degree in Public Health, Health Services Administration,
Statistics, Quantitative Analysis or Epidemiology or related field. PhD
is preferred, or on track to obtain PhD within two years.
Knowledge of statistical process control principles and at least three
years' experience in extracting and analyzing data via SQL/SAS/SPSS and
business intelligence tools.
Demonstrates the ability to analyze and interpret statistical data.
Experience analyzing claims and reporting on health outcomes is highly
preferred.
Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills necessary to present
and communication important information effectively to all levels of
hospital staff.

Minimum Physical Requirements:
Typing on a keyboard Frequently (34-66%)Talking in person/on the phone
Frequently (34-66%)Standing/walking Frequently (34-66%) The above list of
duties is intended to describe the general nature and level of work
performed by individuals assigned to this classification. It is not to be
construed as an exhaustive list of duties performed by the individual so
classified, nor is it intended to limit or modify the right of any
supervisor to assign, direct, and control the work of employees under
his/her supervision.

EOE/M/F/Disability/Vet
