Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

Under our Team Member Technologies (TMT) group, EIR is looking for an Analytics Consultant that will be involved in customer engagements, activities and deliverables for end user device management priorities. This role is critical in helping Technology with achieving its operational short and longer term goals offering a variety of critical enterprise-based solutions based on regulatory, business requirements and environmental demands. Our goal is to support the greater vision, serving as an informational gateway for data intelligence and ultimately drive decision making, motivate change and minimize risk.

Responsible for very complex client/partner business intelligence reporting assignments to identify and define strategic business issues that require analyses and translates this information into insight, knowledge and understanding of the business and the industry. This position will be heavily involved in performing very complex analyses/analysis design involving data mining and build-out of predictive models, financial, and/or comparative analysis. Responsibilities also include identifying opportunities for additional statistical models and creating sophisticated computer modeling approaches to analyze and forecast business performance, and participating in and/or leading information capabilities development work. This will also entail presenting results of analyses, mockups/designs and potentially making recommendations to leadership. There will be a lens for pulling multiple sources into one single source over a period of time and ensuring adherence to data management regulations and policies are managed closely. This position will work closely with EIR teams, EIR data governance liaison and data integration strategist to ensure the go-to model of EIR services are documented, maintained and adopted as required. This consultant will lead and participate in broad initiatives to ensure that data quality is maintained in the go-to repository so that data can effectively support business processes.

This position will consult with Customers on special initiatives, projects, and data requests. Candidate will lead client-facing activities related to relationship building and maintenance, client communication, issue resolution, understanding clients business strategies, goals and vision, in order to develop account strategies and execute value-added opportunities and fulfill the lifecycle of the engagement of the request. Responsible for reviewing/evaluating the request in queue, validate if the data is available and in meeting the expectations of this objective, must be able to gather the necessary business requirements from the requester and translate those requirements into the appropriate reporting to address the business need. May also be responsible for identifying the required data sources and determine the appropriate methodology to create the reporting, create mock up design and work with the team to automate, if appropriate, complete quality review and user acceptance testing, as required.

Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling
3+ years of SQL experience
Desired Qualifications
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
2+ years of MicroStrategy experience
1+ year of JIRA experience
2+ years of relational database experience
Knowledge and understanding of data warehouse analysis
Knowledge and understanding of financial services consulting
Knowledge and understanding of business requirement gathering and analysis
Ability to articulate complex concepts in a clear manner
Other Desired Qualifications
Experience leading projects, gathering requirements and managing all activities in an agile project life-cycle.
Demonstrate expertise in task management and managing projects
Technical work flow tool experience a plus
Self-guided, driven individual
Experience handling competing priorities
Street Address

NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
