pureIntegration is seeking a Data Analyst I (strenght with Salesforce.com) who will help guide and improve the way that businesses' management staff foster collaboration within and between departments. Those who desire to work as a Data Analyst should demonstrate a strong understanding of managerial and professional skill sets. Core Responsibilities The Data Analyst I Role Strongly prefer working knowledge of Salesforce.com. Looking for entry level data analyst who will work with client marketing team on Renewal project 3.0, help impute contract expiration date, prepare lists for sellers, re-run lists regularly to capture any renewals, prep lists for client communications, prep lists for Billing team for rate action, etc. bull Clean, sort and update client list to most up to date account owner. bull Upload client list on RSL and manage renewal lead progress. bull Create weekly report on RSL progress. bull Communicate with seller on their renewal progress and follow up. bull Confirm client removal from the rate action list once they renewed their contract. bull Confirm client contract data in SF. bull Submit client list to Billing for rate action and provide final report. Location Charlotte, NC Requirements 3+ years of experience. Bachelor's Degree or equivalent Expert knowledge of Microsoft office Excel, PowerPoint, Word Outlook. Working knowledge of Visio is preferred Excellent written oral communication skills. Communication is of paramount importance in this role, including in-person and on the phone meetings, highly technical and accurate detailing in emails, note taking and other reports, and scrutiny in reviewing contracts in play Are you self-motivated, collaborative, and client-focused? Are you looking for a challenging and rewarding career? Then pureIntegration would love to hear from you! Your career journey starts here! pureIntegration, a systems integration company headquartered in the DC area, serves clients in the fastest growing industries - communications, media, and entertainment. Our industry-focused offerings and collaborative client approach has resulted in a 97 client satisfaction rating. As a leading service organization, we recognize our most valuable assets are our people, both as individuals and how they come together as a whole. As such, we encourage our team members to become fearless in exploring ideas and opportunities to act on them
