Data Science Analyst Signature Consultants has an opportunity for a Data Science Analyst. The technical data resources (analysts or developers), need to understand how data moves, what are the data impacts and how to work with data sourcing partners. The goal is to identify any data anomalies in real time and will be responsible for mapping this data. The candidate needs a data modeling, python or coding background. Ideally would like candidates with tableau and machine learning, need a deep understanding of data life cycle. Our client is seeking an experienced technical team member to support the development and execution of a data driven mapping. The role will be dynamic in nature and require the individual to be able to handle diverse work efforts often working in both business and technical arenas including data movement and data quality controls. Role is expected to evolve as the organization matures with this leader expected to play an active role to drive that evolution. The role requires a person with curiosity and a passion for inquiry, comfort with ambiguity, and a learning mindset. Self-motivated and flexible, the candidate needs to be adept at both creative and analytical thinking. The position also requires the individual to build and maintain relationships across the enterprise. Required Job Skills Technical expertise in one or more of the following data visualization, data modeling, statistical analysis, ETL, DB development, SQL, Hadoop, Python, SQL, java, javascript, etc. AndOr Infrastructure expertise including network monitoring analysis, tracing, discovery, mapping, etc including experience with tools like Net Scout, Tanium, etc. Strong communications (verbal and written) skills and comfortable presenting to a wide variety of audiences Comfort working in dynamic, iterative and evolving situations Comfortable leading and influencing with and without direct authority Resourceful proactive in situations when not all information is available or there is no apparent "right" answer Strong collaborator who is capable of navigating conflict to enable productive solutions Excellent attention to detail Desired Job Skills Experience in data cleansing and preparation concepts and tools Programming Languages Hands-on with at least 3 of the following of Python, R, Perl, Java and Java Script Strong background in relational databases, data modeling and SQL Experience working with statistical libraries (e.g scikit-learn, scipy) and frameworks for predictive analytics Knowledge of Hadoop and UNIX will be a plus Expertise in probability and statistics, time-series analysis, or econometrics as well as experience in the use of machine learning methods, for example, linear regression, correlation, statistical significance, and so forth. Experience in data visualization concepts and tools Knowledge of Tableau andor other reporting tools Knowledge of Data Quality Controls Strong Project PlanningManagement Qualifications Minimum 5-7 years' experiences Top 3 required ITTechnical skill-sets(If applicable, include nichespecialist skillset Archer, Hadoop, Python, Microstrategy, Tableau, etc.) Python SQL Tableau About Signature Consultants, LLC Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 14th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source Staffing Industry Analysts). With 28 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com httpwww.sigconsult.com . Signature Consultants is the parent company to Hunter Hollis httpswww.hunterhollis.com and Madison Gunn httpswww.madisongunn.com .
