Ref ID: 03201-9502589067Classification: Business Data Analyst

Compensation: DOE

Description:
The Robert Half Management Resources (RHMR) Charlotte team is looking for a Business Data Analyst.
For a full listing of Robert Half Management Resources job opportunities please join us at roberthalfmr.com.

Role:

Responsible for performing highly complex activities related to business analysis and/or modeling. Duties typically include providing insights, developing analytical strategies, performing analytical support and/or modeling regarding a wide array of business initiatives. This job requires application of analytical, statistical modeling, and forecasting methods. May focus on the theory and mathematics behind the analyses. Must be advanced in SQL.

Job Requirements:
Requirements:
5+ years reporting and analytical experience or a minimum of a Masters degree in programs such as applied mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics or computer sciences with 5+ years related industry experience. CFA or CPA preferred.
Companies need experienced finance, accounting and business systems consultants to assist with or lead their key initiatives. This is our specialty. Robert Half Management Resources places highly skilled consultants on interim and project engagements in organizations ranging from start-ups to FORTUNE® 1000 firms. As a consultant working on our team, you will benefit from our worldwide network of over 150 offices, which delivers an array of rewarding local opportunities and the flexibility for work/life balance while achieving your career goals. Our industry-leading alliances and broad client network provide you greater access to a variety of unique interim and long-term project opportunities that can keep you continuously engaged as a consultant. We also provide competitive benefits and compensation packages, as well as online training and continuing professional education (CPE).

At Robert Half Management Resources, your experience matters - and we put it to good use. To apply for this position or for more information on other engagements, visit us online at www.roberthalfmr.com or call your branch office at 1.888.400.7474.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States.

Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Vet
Robert Half Management Resources
201 South College St
Suite 1500
Charlotte, NC 28244
Phone: 704-342-7986
Fax: 704-342-2700

Robert Half Management Resources matches senior-level financial consultants with a variety of unique interim and long-term project opportunities in areas such as internal auditing, mergers and acquisitions, tax initiatives, and much more. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the legal opportunities that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local office at 888.490.3195 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/management-resources to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Management Resources. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
