At OrthoCarolina, our team is our greatest asset and the foundation of our success; we share a common passion for making lives better. We are a diverse group of individuals, accountable to each other through the backbone of our beliefs: trust, honesty and mutual respect; ensuring our voice is heard. Our positive environment supports individual growth and a sense of belonging. Our employees work together to uphold the standards of excellence and promote and environment of teamwork throughout the organization.

If these attributes align with the job culture you are seeking - then OrthoCarolina might be the right fit for you!

We are currently searching for a Quality Data Analyst at our Park Rd location.

The Quality Data Analyst gathers and examines complex data to create actionable reports to internal stakeholders. They also monitor performance and quality control plans to identify issues or provide improvement options for systems and database designs. This role requires collaborating with key stakeholders to implement effective automation processes by developing queries and reports to mine data for quality control and accuracy. Data quality analysts typically serve as an adjunctive member to multiple departments or teams. This role suits people who enjoy working with numbers and data sets, have an aptitude for computer systems and software, and have strong analytical abilities.

A career at OrthoCarolina will provide you with opportunities for career advancement, dedicated peer support, and continuing education. Our company is committed to providing our employees with the utmost positive work environment. Additional benefits as a Certified Medical Assistant include:
Competitive salary package
Health, Dental, and Vision insurance
Health Savings Account
Life insurance
Short/Long term disability insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
Voluntary Home/Auto insurance
Voluntary Accident/Cancer insurance
Voluntary Legal Shield/Identity Theft
Health Advocate – Employee Benefit Resource
401(k) retirement plan
Profit sharing plan
OrthoCarolina is one of the nation’s leading independent academic orthopedics practices serving North Carolina and the Southeast since 1922. OrthoCarolina provides compassionate and comprehensive musculoskeletal care including operative and non-operative care, diagnostic imaging and rehabilitative therapy. Widely known for musculoskeletal research and training, OrthoCarolina physicians have specialized expertise in foot and ankle, hip and knee, shoulder and elbow, spine, sports medicine, hand, pediatric orthopedics, and physical medicine and rehabilitation. We commit to improving the lives of all we serve, by providing premier patient care and compassionate, personalized service. Over 300 OrthoCarolina providers see more than one million patient visits throughout North and South Carolina each year.

OrthoCarolina. You. Improved.

Employee Type
Regular
Qualifications
Skills
Education
Certifications
Language
Work Experience
