Business Unit:
Cubic Transportation Systems
Company Details:
Cubic offers an opportunity to provide innovative technology for government and commercial customers around the globe, helping to solve their future problems today. We’re the leading integrator of payment and information technology and services for intelligent travel solutions worldwide, and the leading provider of realistic combat training systems, secure communications and networking and highly specialized support services for military and security forces of the U.S. and allied nations. If you have an entrepreneurial spirit and thrive in an innovative environment, we want to talk to you about your next role at Cubic! We are seeking employees inspired by technology, and motivated by the rewards of hard work, commitment, teamwork, quality, integrity, and respect. We invite you to explore opportunities with Cubic.
Job Details:


Cubic is a contract based company, we have ongoing needs for talented Data Scientist. If you don't see a current opening please feel free to apply to this job. This is not an opening, we are collecting resumes for future openings.

Job Summary:

Works closely with the data science team to build information-rich data products using innovative techniques and technologies to solve transportation related challenges and problems. Understands and leverages data mining, machine learning, data modeling, and statistical modeling techniques. Applies strong problem solving and analytic skills to data integration projects and is able to isolate non-obvious relationships between disparate data sources. This position typically works under general supervision and direction. Incumbents of this position will regularly exercise discretionary and substantial decision-making authority.

Essential Job Duties and Responsibilities:
Works with the data science team and stakeholders to address business challenges by harnessing structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data in a distributed processing environment.
Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.
Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources.
Prepares and delivers presentations that effectively describe complex quantitative methods in clear and concise communications.
Keeps up to date with technical as well as industry developments, analytics software/tools, trends, and recognized best practices.
Contributes to projects under the direction of project and product owners to adhere to funding, resourcing, schedule, and other constraints.
Minimum Job Requirements:

Four-year college degree, in statistics, economics, physics, mathematics, operations research, computer science, data engineering, or related field; plus two years of related experience using data mining, data modeling, data integration, machine learning, statistical modeling, and other data science skills and techniques. Masters or Ph.D. preferred. Experience with Python or comparable scripting language. Experience working with Hadoop, Pig, Hive, and knowledge of SQL is essential. Experience with statistical and analytic programming design and technologies such as R and other simulation / data analysis tools. Knowledge of database management systems and other software tools used to manage an organization’s business activities. Requires fundamental knowledge and experience developing algorithms and analytics applications. Must have strong analytical and problem solving skills, attention to details, critical thinking ability, and creativity. Must be able to abstract from ambiguous and sometimes conflicting information to identify opportunities for improvement and the critical business drivers and factors that influence outcomes. Must have demonstrated ability to produce high quality analytics applications that can be deployed in a repeatable and scalable fashion. Requires strong knowledge of statistics, signal processing, machine learning, predictive analytics, and other related techniques. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills used to effectively communicate and present complex information in terms appropriate to the audience. Incumbent will have well-developed research skills and knowledge of current data management principles, procedures, and other tools of the trade. Must be able to manage and prioritize multiple projects simultaneously while balancing according to scope, budget and schedule. Prior experience working in the transportation or logistics industries desired.

The description provided above is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all job duties, responsibilities and requirements. Duties, responsibilities and requirements may change over time and according to business need.

Worker Type:
Employee
