Sr. BI Analytics Consultant
Are you looking to make a difference in a patient's life? At ***, you will find an innovative culture that is patient focused and dedicated to making a difference. As an organization, we are united in our responsibility to create healthier futures.

What you will be doing
The Sr. BI Analytics Consultant brings meaning and insights to data - helping customers better serve patients and improve health outcomes. Do you solve business problems using data analytics? Can you use data to help others understand what is really happening? Can you represent data in an impactful way that leads to better business decision-making?

As part of our business analytics team, you will combine knowledge of our business data with your comprehensive analytics skills to deliver program insights to our clients. You will also partner with internal business leaders to showcase the value of our services through impactful visualizations and story-telling with data.

Primary Responsibilities
Partner with customers and internal teams to create a compelling analytics strategy for clients, encompassing advanced analytics, actionable insights, and reporting solutions to support defined strategy
Leverage data that tell the story of current performance and highlight opportunities for improvement. Consult with clients and internal stakeholders to help them interpret our data and assist in addressing business challenges thru data analytics.
Support client data and reporting needs by capturing requirements, coordinating work requests, and communicating progress directly with stakeholders.
Represent our client's strategic needs by influencing data analytics approach and new product development.
Prepare and deliver analytics presentations that showcase the value of our patient services.

What your background should look like
Four-year Bachelors' degree program, preferably with an emphasis in mathematics, statistics, or data and analytics. Advanced degree or certification in analytics or statistics is a plus.
2+ years' experience analyzing data using business intelligence software, such as PowerBI, Qlik, Tableau.
5+ years' experience working directing directly with customers, ideally in a data analytics role.
Demonstrated experience in preparation and delivery of presentations to corporate executives.
Organized and demonstrated experience in partnering with multiple teams and stakeholders
Demonstrated effectiveness in partnering with leaders while able to work independently to deliver solution.
Critical thinking and problem-solving ability.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.
