Data AnalystBusiness Analyst Signature Consultants has an opportunity for a Data AnalystBusiness Analyst. Our client is seeking a BADAs with extensive SQL, data analysis modeling, python. The candidate needs to be able to provide point of view on what the data is telling us, need to understand ETL code, metadata tables. It is helpful to have BI tools like tableau or microstrategy and big data experience like (Hive, Hadoop). Enterprise Data Management Operations (EDMO) is accountable for managing a point of view on the health of the data across the BAC enterprise. A data risk framework, enterprise defined data domains and testing results are used to inform this POV. This project will drive improvements to the way the EDMO validates control effectiveness. Specifically, this role will partner with business and technology subject matter experts to collect information about services, processes and the data flow through systems, including contingency environments. Primary responsibilities include data gathering, analysis and presenting results for management. Qualifications Minimum 4-5 years DataBusiness Analyst experience 5+ years SQL, coding, queries, data analysis, modeling Strong business acumen with flow diagrams (process designdata lineagemapping) Experience working with large data sets to develop statistical relationships and models Critical thinking Problem solving Proactive self-starter Organized and detail oriented Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Visio, project) Strong communication (written and verbal) Proven history of being a team player comfortable engaging with team members from multiple businesses Demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced environment, maintain quality goals, meet aggressive delivery deadlines and garner consensus from multiple technical and non-technical partners Top 3 required ITTechnical skill-sets (If applicable, include nichespecialist skillset Archer, Hadoop, Python, Microstrategy, Tableau, etc.) Python SQL Tableau Desired Job Skills Application and data management concepts, including lineage and recovery Prior testingaudit experience About Signature Consultants, LLC Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 14th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source Staffing Industry Analysts). With 28 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com httpwww.sigconsult.com . Signature Consultants is the parent company to Hunter Hollis httpswww.hunterhollis.com and Madison Gunn httpswww.madisongunn.com .
