Job Description
Join our team at AccessOne! We Empower Patients to Lead Healthy Lives. We do this by providing hospitals, health systems and employers with the best form of patient financing solutions, the easiest user experiences and the most compassionate, patient-friendly terms possible.

AccessOne offers comprehensive low and no interest payment options for all patient balance types including high-deductible, catastrophic and financial assistance. No patient is ever denied credit or credit reported, and providers can rely on AccessOne to capture more revenue while driving compliance and financial performance. To learn more, visit www.accessonemedcard.com

Our growing patient financing company is looking for an experienced Data Analyst who is able to turn project requirements into custom-formatted data reports. The ideal candidate for this position is able to do complete life cycle data generation and outline critical information for each Project Manager. We also need someone who is able to analyze business procedures and recommend specific types of data that can be used to improve upon them.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Support internal Operations Team with client data verifications and ad hoc requests in an organized, clear, and timely fashion. Monitor primary sources of communication and escalate potential concerns to management.
Support Client Relations ad hoc requests while communicating with management to determine the best direction and delivery of information.
Communicate with Clients regarding data verifications and escalate issues to management that are aging outside of determined acceptable response time.
Serve as the SME (Subject Matter Expert) regarding Client Reporting, including Settlements, CAR Reporting, and any newly developed Client Reporting that is implemented. Support Team with sharing knowledge regarding the development of Client Reporting - Reconciliations.
Assist in training new employees in existing and new procedures or protocols. Be available to other Data Team members to answer questions and share knowledge.
Lead by example when communication internally and externally. Maintain a high level of integrity and always represent AccessOne in a highly responsive, professional, and client-focused manner.
Serve as a contact for external vendors and maintain associated processes. Work with management to develop enhancements. Escalate all concerns with external vendors.
Serve as the SME regarding AccessOne database transactions procedures and policies. Reconcile transactions by comparing and correcting data.
Maintain database by entering and verifying data. Perform data loads using discretion. Always ensure that data is loaded correctly, using research methods to validate actions at the time actions are taken to ensure data quality.
Support the development and testing of any new reporting or products.
Improves data quality by analyzing results; monitoring variances; identifying trends; recommending actions to management.
Be aware of data mining opportunities to look at existing data in creative ways to enhance existing process and understanding of the data.
Competencies:
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Recommends actions by analyzing and interpreting data and making comparative judgements. Use good judgment in determining when to escalate concerns to management.
Qualifications:

Education / Designations:
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent; three to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Benefits:

We value our employees’ time and efforts. Our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation and an extensive benefits package including paid time off, medical, dental and vision benefits and future growth opportunities within the company. Plus, we work to maintain the best possible environment for our employees, where people can learn and grow with the company. We strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning and culture.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
Company Description
With healthcare expenses on the rise, AccessOne team members work diligently to help patients find a payment plan they can easily manage. As a result, we have helped more than a million patients on the path to total health through affordable financing options. If you believe this is as important as we do, then AccessOne is the right place for you.
