Job Description
Data Visualization Analyst

The Data Visualization Analyst will assist in the company data analytics / architecture operations in developing analytical reporting and insightful dashboard solutions. They will further assist in data sourcing, cleansing, wrangling, blending, integration and analytics. The role is expected to be a key contributor to ongoing digital systems and business process transformation initiatives. Successful candidates will have strong data analysis backgrounds and experience in supporting business stakeholders in decision making.

This is a direct hire role or contract to hire role in Charlotte metro NC. The salary range is $115,000 - $125,000- plus benefits and bonus potential

The day to day includes but not limited to Providing clear, continuous, and consistent data analytics in projects as well as in ad-hoc analysis Queries data sources, analyzes data, identifies correlations, patterns, clustering and then builds polished reports and dashboard solutions across the organization as well as identified gaps in master data, transactional data. Assist in defining and managing standards, guidelines, and processes to ensure data quality Develop business acumen and use analytics for critical evaluation of gaps and opportunities. Assists in acquiring data from primary and secondary data sources and improve / maintain databases.

Required Skills:
Intermediate understanding of system skills required to maintain/design SQL databases and an evolving Data Warehouse environment
Intermediate understanding of at least one SQL language with the ability to write, interpret and document complex queries
Able to take data from developers and BI group and make it easy to understand and present to the business unit and upper management
Expertise with data visualization software like Tableau and Looker
Strong business analyst skill set
Comfortable working in an environment of uncertainty with the ability to define and resolve business problems through innovative data solutions
Expertise with data modeling, analytics, visualization, strategy and KPI to produce dashboard key information
Have a curious business mindset with an ability to condense complex concepts and analysis into clear and concise takeaways that drive action
Effective and Professional oral and written communication skills
Must have proven high-quality internal & external customer service skills
Excellent interpersonal skills; confidence in speaking with executive leaders
Ability to exhibit a high-level of confidentiality in all matters
Must be able to handle high stress situations with poise and professionalism
Strong multitasking skills and comfortable in operating in a startup like culture
5 years of hands-on experience in visualization, data modeling and analytics
5 years of business experience with exposure to strategy formulation and/or business analytics
Ability to define/design dashboards and reports of data supported KPIs and benchmarks for audiences with all levels of technical expertise
Team player mindset, with strong interpersonal and influencing skills
Nice to Have:
Master’s Degree Preferred
Project management skills
Python is nice to have
Key Words:

Data

Visualization

Tableau

Looker

Analyst

Python

KPI

Business Analyst

Agile

SQL

Bachelor’s Degree Requirement: Yes
Company Description
PCR Staffing provides talent acquisition, staffing solutions, consulting services in the areas of Information Technology, Accounting / Finance , HR / Administration and Digital Media. Our clients are primarily based in the Charlotte NC area and range from startups to Fortune 100. Through customized solutions and connections with a broad range of companies ranging from local to global firms, our recruiters have your best interests in mind.. PCR Staffing is a recruiting agency that provides companies in across the nation with timely top talent and custom staffing strategies through four specialized hiring models: Direct Hire, Contract / Temporary, Contract To Hire, Statement Of Work. We have a trusted track record as a recruiting partner that delivers on its promises to our clients and the candidates that we represent. PCR Staffing is a top recruiting agency, providing employers highly qualified and talented candidates to fulfill their staffing needs. We have been in business in the Charlotte NC region since 1995 and have successfully helped over 100 clients nationwide with their talent acquisition needs and over 3000 candidates find their DREAM JOB!
