Role Profile

Data Quality & Analytics is part of the Informational Services Division (ISD). The Data Quality & Analytics team is a client focused, technology enabled team, producing High value & unique analytics & data derivations to drive insight and value to our internal and external stakeholders. Data Quality & Analytics is responsible for creating LSEG Intellectual Property by generating ICB Classifications, Free Float and similar data fields based on data standardization from raw data.

For our team based in Fort Mill we are currently recruiting for multiple Analysts in our Data Quality & Analytics Team. Analysts manage a wide range of data & information on a universe of companies, and for ensuring quality and accuracy in all our products.

We are looking for individuals with very high attention to detail and who can work under strict delivery timelines. Besides data management you are expected to become a subject matter expert on capital markets and their operations, and information on companies and securities.

Key responsibilities
Analyze, Extract, Standardize & Maintain quantitative and qualitative data from multiple information sources including annual reports, websites, and other filings of public and private companies to a high degree of quality following defined policies and business rules
Execute key data quality controls to minimize risk by investigation and resolving data exceptions and breaks
Support analysis with brief comments and rationale
Provide appropriate references of source documents used
Develop strong subject matter expertise on various parts of our data methodology
Identify and suggest ideas for reducing effort spent on data management and analysis by using automation or by process optimization
Contribute towards developing and maintaining methodology guidance, & quality rules and documentation
Work effectively with peers, research analysts, and manager – both within the team as well as other teams in multiple time zones.
Adapt to changes to technology, process, systems as we transform our business
Key behaviours and skills
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience
Strong Analytical Skills
Excellent English Language Skills (write, read, talk)
Excellent problem-solving skills
Ability to work independently with high degree of ownership
Ability to meet strict weekly timeliness and quality standards established by the department
Ability to multi-task and be results driven
Diversity & Inclusion


People are at the heart of what we do and drive the success of our business. Our colleagues thrive personally and professionally through our shared values of Integrity, Partnership, Innovation and Excellence are at the core of our culture. We embrace diversity and actively seek to attract people with unique backgrounds and perspectives. We are always looking at ways to become more agile so we meet the needs of our teams and customers. We believe that an inclusive collaborative workplace is pivotal to our success and supports the potential and growth of all colleagues at LSEG.
About Us

London Stock Exchange Group (LSE.L) is a diversified international market infrastructure and capital markets business sitting at the heart of the world's financial community. The Group can trace its history back to 1698.

The Group operates a broad range of international equity, bond and derivatives markets, including London Stock Exchange; Borsa Italiana; MTS, Europe's leading fixed income market; and Turquoise, a pan-European equities MTF. It is also home to one of the world’s leading growth markets for SMEs, AIM. Through its platforms, the Group offers international business and investors unrivalled access to Europe's capital markets.

Post trade and risk management services are a significant part of the Group’s business operations. In addition to majority ownership of multi-asset global CCP operator, LCH Group, LSEG operates CC&G, the Italian clearing house; Monte Titoli, the T2S-ready European settlement business; and globeSettle, the Group’s newly established CSD based in Luxembourg.

The Group is a global leader in indexing and analytic solutions. FTSE Russell offers thousands of indexes that measure and benchmark markets around the world. The Group also provides customers with an extensive range of real time and reference data products, including SEDOL, UnaVista, and RNS.

London Stock Exchange Group is a leading developer of high performance trading platforms and capital markets software for customers around the world. In addition to the Group’s own markets, over 35 other organisations and exchanges use the Group’s MillenniumIT trading, surveillance and post trade technology.

Headquartered in London, with significant operations in North America, Italy, France and Sri Lanka, the Group employs approximately 4,700 people.
Values & Behaviours

Integrity: My word is my bond. Integrity underpins all that we do – from unshakable commitment to building and supporting global markets based on transparency and trust, to every transaction across our business with each and every stakeholder. We are a source of enduring confidence in the financial system, so when we say that our work is our bond – we mean it.

Partnership: We collaborate to succeed. We pride ourselves on working together as proactive partners, building positive relationships with our colleagues, customers, investors, regulators, governments and shareholders – for our mutual success and the benefit of all.

Innovation: We nurture new ideas. We are ambitious and forward-looking – a pioneering Group of market innovators, driven by fresh thinking that has kept us ahead of change. We prudently and proactively invest to make sure that out markets and services constantly moving forward, developing and evolving with advances in technology.

Excellence: We are committed to quality. We have a fundamental commitment to developing talented teams who deliver to the highest standards in all that we do. By collaborating together, we will sustain industry-leading levels of excellence, setting the benchmarks that inspire ever better performance.

People are at the heart of what we do and drive the success of our business. Our colleagues thrive personally and professionally through our shared values of Integrity, Partnership, Innovation and Excellence are at the core of our culture. We embrace diversity and actively seek to attract people with unique backgrounds and perspectives. We are always looking at ways to become more agile so we meet the needs of our teams and customers. We believe that an inclusive collaborative workplace is pivotal to our success and supports the potential and growth of all colleagues at LSEG.

A career with London Stock Exchange Group offers you the opportunity to be at the centre of the financial community. As well as competitive salaries and a range of attractive benefits, we maximise each employee’s potential through personal development plans, training, coaching and mentoring.

Please take a moment to read this privacy notice carefully, as it describes what personal information the London Stock Exchange Group (“We”) may hold about you, what it’s used for, and how it’s obtained. If you would like this information to be removed from the London Stock Exchange Group HR database, please contact workday@lseg.com. If you choose to have your information removed, you will be removed as a candidate and we will not be able to progress your application for opportunities at the London Stock Exchange Group.
