Specific information related to the position is outlined below. To apply, click on the button above. You will be required to create an account (or sign in with an existing account). Your account will provide you access to your application information. Need Help?
Should you have a disability and need assistance with the application process, please request a reasonable accommodation by emailing Accessibility or by calling 877-891-2510. This email inbox is monitored for reasonable accommodation requests only. Any other correspondence will not receive a response.


Regular or Temporary:

Regular

Language Fluency: English (Required)

Work Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)
Please review the following job description:
Gather, analyze, document and maintain all data requirements related to the business applications, interfaces and reporting environments. Apply standards and best practices to ensure the Bank’s data is accurate, complete, current, understandable and accessible. Work closely with internal clients, business analysts and development project teams to resolve information flow and content issues. Develop or modify procedures to solve complex business problems considering client needs, process analysis, design, simulation, application capabilities and industry requirements. Demonstrate knowledge and skill in data warehousing and transactional application data concepts and technology. Provide leadership in defining data policy and standards. Partner with lines of business (LOBs) to understand business needs, and align the data architecture and governance direction to meet those needs. Champion the use of technology to drive efficient, effective data management processes. Lead work on all phases of systems analysis up to the enterprise level of the Bank's business processes and systems.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Following is a summary of the essential functions for this job. Other duties may be performed, both major and minor, which are not mentioned below. Specific activities may change from time to time.
Gather, review, analyze, profile, validate and map system data into the data warehouse to meet reporting and analytical business needs.
Perform complex data analysis and troubleshooting on data-related issues reported by production support and other teams.
Analyze business requirements and develop effective technology solutions consisting of extract, transform and load (ETL).
Develop solutions and recommendations for improving data integrity issues. Analyze data issues and work with development teams for problem resolutions. Identify problematic areas and conduct research to determine the best course of action to correct the data, identify, analyze and interpret trends and patterns in complex datasets.
Determine and analyze line of business requirements, use system data, and provide input needed by various departments and senior management to produce business reports.
Work with ETL developers to test and validate data attributes and with other business analysts to ensure data is integrated consistently, regardless of the source system.
Possess the highest level understanding of the Bank's business systems and industry requirements. Assist in the business process redesign and documentation as needed for new technology.
Translate high level business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organization and manage changes to such specifications.
Work with source system business analysts to understand system nuances and resolve data issues.
Take ownership of issues through resolution, including close coordination between business analysts.
Create and maintain clean, clear and accurate data.
Create and maintain of data analyst competency and best practices.
Understand data governance principles and how they apply.
Create of data quality metrics and scorecards.
Work on ad-hoc data requests.
Perform regular audits of data.
Instruct, direct and mentor other members of the team.

Required Skills and Competencies:
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Information Systems, Computer Science or business-related field, or equivalent education and related training
Ten years in a role of data analysis, statistical analysis, data transformation, data reconciliation and/or sophisticated data presentation
Experience in ETL development using standard tools
Strong issue and problem management, including root cause analysis and troubleshooting skills
Ability to perform analysis with little to no direction, proactively identifying potential issues in the data and conducting research to determine the best course of action to correct the data
Understanding of Enterprise Data Warehouse concepts and prior experience applying that understanding to query data in a Very Large Database (VLDB) environment
Familiarity in using data analysis tools
Strong technical documentation skills
Ability to work with multiple areas within the Bank to determine business objectives and data requirements
Ability to identify problematic areas and conduct research to determine the best course of action to correct the data
Strong technical leadership skills
Ability to interpret data that is not well defined or documented and develop recommendations based on findings
Strong analytical, organizational and problem-solving skills as well as strong interpersonal skills with the ability to work with management, peers and Enterprise Data Office (EDO) staff
Strong presentation and communication skills, both written and verbal
Ability to lead and direct team members in completion of complex projects
Demonstrated proficiency in basic computer applications, such as Microsoft Office software products
Ability to travel, occasionally overnight

Desired Skills:
Understanding of business intelligence and business intelligence software packages
Experience with Informatica
Background in banking and general banking systems
Working knowledge of Statistical Analysis System (SAS) and other analytic tools
Ability to recommend the growth, addition and retirement of data analytics toolsets

Truist supports a diverse workforce and is an Equal Opportunity Employer who does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, gender, color, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or other classification protected by law. Drug Free Workplace.

Thank you for your interest in Truist! BB&T and SunTrust have come together in a transformational merger of equals to create Truist, the premier financial organization in the country. You may notice references to our legacy company names, BB&T and SunTrust, in places throughout this site. All such references should be understood to refer to Truist moving forward while we continue to transition to the Truist name.

EEO is the Law Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision E-Verify
