Infovisa, an industry leader in trust and financial accounting software and services, is looking for talented individuals to join our team and assist in the conversion, implementation, and support and testing of our software products and services. We are looking for talented; customer focused individuals to join our team and support our growing client base and expanded product offerings.

Position Summary: This position has three primary roles; conversion of client data from existing trust accounting system to Infovisa창s trust accounting system, day to day support of the jobs and services that are running in our data center (this support includes but is not limited to troubleshooting, monitoring, deployment and configuration of data center services as well as responding to system outages that could occur in the data center) as well as testing of our proprietary software application.

Essential Functions:
Conversion of client data from previous trust system to Infovisa창s proprietary system using customized and standard software applications.
Develop proficiency in products and services built and supported by Infovisa
Effectively explain system functionality and business processes to team members as well as clients
Perform troubleshooting and research of reported issues.
Assist with the testing and release of new product offerings
Monitor and troubleshoot jobs and services that may include delivery of data to a vendor, pricing of securities in the database, upload of database files for our web product, etc.
Responds to requests for database backups and restoration of backups for purposes of research of customer data issues.
Detect and respond to system outages encountered in the data center
Assist with the upgrade of databases and delivery of our most recent release of software.
Prepare user and internal documentation
Conduct training to clients via a variety of methods
Participate in quality assurance testing for all products offered by Infovisa
Assist with disaster recovery testing
May provide on call or after-hours support
Qualifications:
Bachelor창s degree preferred.
Three years professional work experience
Knowledge of Trust Operations, Wealth Management or other investment related experience preferred.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Products
Experience with SQL Server and ability to author and interpret SQL queries.
Ability to work with personal computers and common software applications
Experience mapping, manipulating, interpreting and importing data of various types
Working Environment:

Some travel required.

Indoor work 창 not exposed to outdoor elements or hazards.

Some sedentary work and occasional lifting and/or carrying up to ten pounds.

Infovisa, an independent provider of data processing systems and related services for bank trust departments, independent trust companies, not-for-profit foundations, colleges, and universities, is looking for talented individuals to join our team and assist in the conversion, implementation and support and testing of our software products and services. We are looking for talented; customer focused individuals to join our team and support our growing client base and expanded product offerings.

Powered by JazzHR
