Job Summary and Scope

The Data Integration Analyst is primarily responsible for taking business requirements and converting them into data specifications for data integration. They are also deeply involved with the design, implementation and support of on-going data integration processes.

Essential Functions

The Data Integration Specialist is responsible for (though not limited to):

Responsibilities and Duties:
Create and maintain EDI and data integration maps to ensure compliance to business and technical requirements.
Receive and understand business requirements and create data mapping specification(s)
Prepare and maintain test data, develop and test maps, and verify results
Implement EDI and data integration maps that meet specifications and timelines
Analyze the data exchanged with any outside sources
Assist in monitoring Inbound and Outbound data files leveraging available tools and reporting.
Record and assist in resolving errors in EDI and data integration processes
Address issues as they surface while communicating with all parties impacted.
Understanding and use of SQL databases and HIPAA EDI transaction sets and additional data sources
Perform other duties as may be required by management
Challenge status-quo and drive creativity, innovation and operational excellence.

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Strong knowledge with Microsoft SQL Server technologies (SQL queries).
Experience with Agile development techniques.
Strong analytical, problem solving & general management skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to gather data integration and data ingestion requirements from a variety of structured, semi-structured, and streaming data sources and effectively recommend solutions
Ability to discuss tradeoffs in on-premise and cloud-based approaches, understand data transmission requirements, and suggest viable approaches
Ability to communicate with lines of business and technical audiences
Experience working in the healthcare industry, with a focus on medical claims is a plus.
Ability to work independently in a fast paced, changing environment
Possess strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize work and meet deadlines
Excellent interpersonal, oral and written communication skills
Knowledge of FHIR is a plus
Knowledge of Python is a plus
Knowledge of JSON is a plus

Qualifications

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Education and Work Experience

Education:
Bachelor's degree, preferably in Computer Science, Business or Statistics or equivalent Professional Experience
Experience:
2+ years hands-on experience working with a Claims processing system
3+ years' experience with Microsoft SQL Server
2+ years' experience creating Source to Target mappings
Solid understanding of HIPAA, PHI, data security, and encryption

Working Conditions:

This is an office-based position which primarily occurs during normal business hours. Cardinal Innovations reserves the right to call upon this employee during non-business hours as needed to meet the demands of the position.

Valid Driver's License Required:

No

Travel Type:

None Required

Percentage: None

English

Read Write Speak

Spanish

Other:

Licensure and/or Certification

Equal Opportunity Employer/ Protected Veteran/ Individuals with Disabilities

Cardinal Innovations is firmly committed to the policy of providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all of its employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, age, color, sex, religion, creed, veteran status, genetic information, national origin, non-job related disability, sexual orientation, and/or gender identity or expression (except as mandated by law). Employment at Cardinal is based solely on a person's merit and qualifications directly related to professional competence. For that reason, we consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. Our equal employment opportunity philosophy complies with federal, state and local law and applies to all aspects of employment with Cardinal, including recruiting, hiring, training, transfer/promotion, compensation, benefits and termination.

If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by contacting Cardinal's Human Resources department at (see application details) Someone from the HR team will reach out to see how we may be able to assist.

Physical Demands/ Working Conditions

Physical Demands

Walking, Standing, Sitting, Stooping

Constantly

Balancing, Lifting, Carrying, Pushing, Pulling

Rarely

Climbing, Kneeling, Crouching

Rarely

Reaching, Handling, Grasping, Feeling

Frequently

Talking, Hearing

Constantly

Repetitive Motions

Constantly

Coordination: Eye, Hand, Foot

Rarely

Working Conditions

Extreme Temperature Cold/ Heat

N/A

Humidity

N/A

Wet

N/A

Noise

Rarely

Hazards

N/A

Vibration

N/A

Other:

N/A

Valid Driver's License Required:

No

Travel Type:

None Required

Percentage: None
