Fort Mill, South Carolina
Skills : Glossary, Data Dictionaries, Data Feed, Data Models, Data Lineage, metadata, data modeling, Data Definition Language, DDL, Data Manipulation Language, DML, data integrity,data analysis ,Informatica IDQ,IDQ,data quality,Data Requirements,SQL,data mapping,Data,Global ID,axon,metadata,MDM,AXON,Enterprise Data Catalog,Metadata Analyst ,Data Management
Description : We are currently looking to hire a Senior Metadata Analyst within the Enterprise Data and Information Services team, This position is responsible for supporting an enterprise-wide metadata program which seeks to achieve the required level of consistency, quality, understanding, and protection of data.

Job Title: Metadata Analyst
Location: Fort Mill, SC
Duration: 6 months contract to fulltime

Responsibilities
Perform data analysis and profiling using standard toolsets (such as Informatica IDQ or Global ID) as well as manual analysis methods to interpret trends or patterns, identify relationships, understand anomalies, assess data quality, and add context to requirements.
Perform data mapping and gap analysis.
Document Data Requirements Specifications based on interpretation of Business Requirements, discussions with stakeholders, and overall knowledge of the data.
Create and maintain Data Feed Specifications which capture the layout and metadata of all incoming and outgoing data feeds.
Skillsets
7-10 years’ experience as a Data Analyst, Systems Analyst, Data Modeler, or Metadata Analyst in a Data Management organization.
Experience maintaining metadata for complex data environments and ensuring data integrity.
Experience with establishing and metadata standards and best practices
Experience with Informatica IDQ, AXON, and Enterprise Data Catalog strongly preferred, or other comparable metadata toolsets.
Strong knowledge of SQL or other query languages.
Familiar with data modeling practices and standards across conceptual, logical, and physical levels.
Familiar with database design and development methodologies.
Familiar with Data Definition Language (DDL) and Data Manipulation Language (DML) SQL commands.
Experience maintaining metadata for complex data environments and ensuring data integrity.
Glossary, Data Dictionaries, Data Feed, Data Models, Data Lineage, metadata, data modeling, Data Definition Language, DDL, Data Manipulation Language, DML, data integrity,data analysis ,Informatica IDQ,IDQ,data quality,Data Requirements,SQL,data mapping,Data,Global ID,axon,metadata,MDM,AXON,Enterprise Data Catalog,Metadata Analyst ,Data Management
