Job Description
Business Data Analyst

We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst to support broad data management and data governance initiatives. The successful candidate will help turn data into information and insight to support business decisions and ensure data quality. The Data Analyst’s responsibilities include conducting data analysis as well as business analysis to identify gaps, new connections, correlation in data (master , transactional) and recommend opportunities & improvements. This position will require collaborations with key members of: IT, Advanced Analytics, Supply Chain, Vendor Relations, Finance, Sales and others. The position will ensure that the data has been received in the proper format, at the appropriate time, is correct, and is suitable for the intended end use.

This is a direct hire role or contract to hire role in Charlotte metro NC. The salary range is $110,000 - $125,000- plus benefits and bonus potential

Interpret data, profile and analyze results Analyze and manage master data across multiple domains such as Customer, Product, Consumer Analyze and manage 3rd Party and other external data sets. Build business processes diagrams to automate data management Locate and define new process improvement opportunities Leverage databases, analytics and other data tools to manage data Acquire data, profile and clean in collaboration with data stewards. Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets, trouble shoot data quality issues Work with management to prioritize business and information needs Define and document business requirements, data quality rules, improvement to data flows Proactively analyze data to increase quality as it relates to accuracy, completeness, consistency, integrity, timeliness, conformity, and validity Communicate and present to internal associates and external parties data standards & taxonomies to ensure data quality

Required Skills:
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Proficient in SQL (Ability to write complex queries profile, clean and standardize data)
Knowledge of scripting languages such as Python
Familiarity with Linear models and knowledge using statistical packages for analyzing datasets
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, visualization and presenting findings
Experience working in an agile team
Strong oral and written communication skills
Self-starter with excellent interpersonal skills, accountability, and project management skills
Ability to work under pressure in a demanding, fast-paced environment and to work under tight time constraints and meet deadlines.
Bachelors in Computer Science, Information Management or Data Science.
Nice to Have:
Master’s Degree Preferred
Project management skills
Proficient in Python
Key Words:

Data

Queries

Analyst

Python

Scripting

Analytic

Data Quality

Agile

SQL

Bachelor’s Degree Requirement: Yes
Company Description
PCR Staffing provides talent acquisition, staffing solutions, consulting services in the areas of Information Technology, Accounting / Finance , HR / Administration and Digital Media. Our clients are primarily based in the Charlotte NC area and range from startups to Fortune 100. Through customized solutions and connections with a broad range of companies ranging from local to global firms, our recruiters have your best interests in mind.. PCR Staffing is a recruiting agency that provides companies in across the nation with timely top talent and custom staffing strategies through four specialized hiring models: Direct Hire, Contract / Temporary, Contract To Hire, Statement Of Work. We have a trusted track record as a recruiting partner that delivers on its promises to our clients and the candidates that we represent. PCR Staffing is a top recruiting agency, providing employers highly qualified and talented candidates to fulfill their staffing needs. We have been in business in the Charlotte NC region since 1995 and have successfully helped over 100 clients nationwide with their talent acquisition needs and over 3000 candidates find their DREAM JOB!
