Job Description

Job Title:: Supply Chain Consultant

JOB PURPOSE

The Supply Chain Consultant is responsible for conducting analysis for clients, both internal and external, using advanced analytical software as well as standard applications. The Consultant may also be called upon to leverage technical skills to improve processes.
Support analytical studies/consulting projects using advanced software and/or advanced mathematical techniques.
Synthesize analytical information, industry knowledge and commercial understanding into actionable intelligence for clients.
Interface with clients to acquire business data, information, and insight.
Data analytics relating to the initial client proposal.
Generate documentation of results for completed analytical projects.
Identify opportunities for studies based on client data
PERFORMANCE METRICS
Analysis accuracy
On-time project deliverables
Ad hoc internal improvement projects
Client project hours
JOB REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s degree in engineering or related technical major; MBA preferred.
Minimum 2 years of supply chain analysis experience.
KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES
Service-oriented.
Strong listening and communication skills.
Strong analytical ability.
Strong work ethic.
Focus on accuracy.
Proactive mindset.
Willing and capable to seek help and provide when necessary.
Highly motivated team player that contributes to an atmosphere in which people work together, enthusiastically and effectively, to produce outstanding results.
Accurately analyze large, complex data sets and evaluate the veracity of the recommended solution.
Rapidly learn new applications and analytical techniques.
Establishes open, honest and proactive collaborative working relationships with all staff.
Demonstrates effective, necessary business skills.
Able to handle complex matters with multiple initiatives going on simultaneously.
Able to deal effectively with tactical, operational details.
Possesses excellent written/oral communication skills as well as the ability to present his/her views in a clear and compelling manner with a positive orientation.
An energetic, resourceful and hands‑on individual with a strong service orientation, who commits fully to the job and is dedicated to developing and delivering outstanding work
Focused on continuing improvements to the organization in striving for excellence.
Exceptional written and oral communication skills; ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical people.
A high level of analytical capability including advanced use of Access, Excel, SQL and VBA.
Demonstrated competency evaluating operational performance, formulating actionable tactics and strategies, developing business cases for change, and managing change in a supply-chain context.
Experience with advanced supply chain analytics software preferred.
A desire to progressively expand skillsets and learn from other members of the team.
Excellent general supply chain knowledge.
Must be comfortable with engaging clients, requesting information and presenting.
Ability to work creatively and analytically, both independently and in a problem-solving team-oriented environment.
Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and time-management systems
**MAY PERFORM OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED**

WORK ENVIRONMENT

Standard office environment, usually indoors away from the elements with moderate noise. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

PHYSICAL EFFORT
Maintain a stationary position for extended periods; move about the office, operate computers and files, as needed; and frequently communicate with others. The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is required to stand, walk, and reach with hands and arms. Occasionally, the employee is required to lift boxes up to 20 pounds.
SCHEDULING
This is a full-time benefits-eligible position, working Monday through Friday; 8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. An employee in this position must be available to work occasionally on weekends and evenings, during peak periods.
TRAVEL
Local travel is required. Out of state travel is limited, but may be required for special training/conferences.
DISCLAIMER

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required.

Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Experience:
Llamasoft: 2 years (Preferred)
Excel: 2 years (Preferred)
Access: 2 years (Preferred)
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
