Technology Control Analyst - AVP (Chief Data Office)

Apply Now

Requisition # 10035994-WD

Job Type Day


Location
Charlotte, North Carolina


Date Posted 07/11/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description


Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018) with total assets of over $2.9 trillion (106.2 (JPY) as of March 30, 2018) and 150,000 colleagues in more than 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group.

Job Summary

This role supports senior management in the design, monitoring, implementation, assessment, testing, evaluating, reporting and communication of complex technical risk management control processes to ensure risk is managed at acceptable levels.

This Technology Control Analyst will provide key front-line risk oversight, monitoring and assessment activities for the Technology Infrastructure organization. The ideal candidate is detail oriented and has Technology Infrastructure operational experience as well as risk management or issue management experience.

Major Responsibilities:
Facilitate and provide oversight of the Issue management life-cycle, challenging the quality of new issues and performing validation activities on issues ready for closure.
Execute Risk and Controls Self-Assessment activities for Technology Infrastructure owned processes
Support high priority Technology Infrastructure regulatory initiatives and remediation activities
Responsibilities may include alignment to specific technology risk controls or business functions, as well as identifying potential risks and developing protocols and controls to reduce or manage those risks.
Oversee and challenge Technology Infrastructure metrics and reporting
Serve as a risk escalation point, to raise material concerns to the CDO Business Unit Risk Manager (BURM), Operations & Technology for the Americas (OTA) Business Unit Risk and Controls Ops and Head of Infrastructure

Qualifications


• Requires 3 to 5 years of experience preferably in a financial institution or other highly regulated environment in a technology risk management role of equivalent.
• Requires risk and control experience with information technology risk and process frameworks, including COSO, COBIT, NIST, Cybersecurity Horizontal Reviews, and ITIL.
• Bachelor’s degree in technology, engineering, risk management, computer science, information systems or equivalent field.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Risk
Primary Location Charlotte, North Carolina


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
