PubNub powers apps that bring people together in realtime for remote work, play, learning, and health. Thousands of companies use PubNub's Realtime Communication Platform and its APIs as the foundation for online chat, live events, geolocation, remote control, and live updates, at massive global scale. Since 2010, PubNub has invested in the tools and global infrastructure required to serve customers like Atlassian, Hasbro, Peloton, and RingCentral, delivering SOC 2 Type 2 security and reliability while meeting regulatory needs like HIPAA and GDPR. PubNub has raised over $70M from notable investors like Sapphire, Scale, Relay, Cisco, Bosch, Ericsson, and HPE.

PubNub is proud to be an EEO employer.

About The Role

PubNub is looking for a senior analyst to join the Data and Analytics team. Your mission is to help the team make informed decisions that help PubNub grow efficiently. As PubNub's first analyst, you'll get the opportunity to shape the future of PubNub's analytics, and have a lot of room for growth in your career. You'll bring clarity and structure to answer high impact questions for the business. You'll play a pivotal role leading measurement and insights, leveraging SQL query writing, data analysis, Google Analytics and data synthesis to better inform the team on how to drive results. You'll discover areas of opportunity that will drive the data and analytical roadmap.

Responsibilities
Collaborate closely with Sales, Marketing, Product and Engineering stakeholders to define data requirements and ensure data integrity
Provide analytical and data solutions to Marketing, Sales, Support and Product
Design data pipeline work and build dashboards to monitor experiments and key business metrics
Measure the effectiveness (ROI) of marketing campaigns and channels
Partner with Demand Generation team to deliver continuous conversion improvement on paid and organic channels
Focus on data, experimentation, testing, and analytics to uncover key business insights and opportunities
Present strategies, initiatives, and results to the broader cross-functional growth team
Requirements
Bachelor's degree required. 3-6 years professional experience in a highly analytical, data-intensive and strategic role
Must be advanced in SQL, Google Analytics, Excel and at least one data visualization tool (Mode / Tableau / Looker, etc.)
Demonstrated ability to leverage analytics and work with complex datasets to understand performance, optimize campaigns, drive decision-making, and measure outcomes
Able to clearly communicate key insights in a concise manner and anticipate questions in advance
Positive, upbeat attitude
Relentless focus on improvement
Open to locations in Western, USA
Bonus Points
Background in B2B SaaS marketing
Experience with A/B Testing
Experience with data analysis packages in R, Python, etc.
ETL pipeline development experience
