About UsAt Cloudflare, we have our eyes set on an ambitious goal: to help build a better Internet. Today the company runs one of the world's largest networks that powers trillions of requests per month. Cloudflare protects and accelerates any Internet application online without adding hardware, installing software, or changing a line of code. Internet properties powered by Cloudflare have all web traffic routed through its intelligent global network, which gets smarter with every request. As a result, they see significant improvement in performance and a decrease in spam and other attacks. Cloudflare was recognized by the World Economic Forum as a Technology Pioneer and named to Entrepreneur Magazine's Top Company Cultures list.We realize people do not fit into neat boxes. We are looking for curious and empathetic individuals who are committed to developing themselves and learning new skills, and we are ready to help you do that. We cannot complete our mission without building a diverse and inclusive team. We hire the best people based on an evaluation of their potential and support them throughout their time at Cloudflare. Come join us!About the departmentCloudflare's Enterprise Systems and Processes Team builds and runs Enterprise systems to enable Cloudflare internal teams operate efficiently and enable our customers and partners to do business with us. Enterprise Systems and Processes is part of the CIO organization.About the roleAs a Senior IT Business Systems Analyst, you are expected to be an advanced professional in the systems & process design and implementation space with strong Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, Record to Report business process knowledge. The Senior Business Systems Analyst will elicit, understand, and document the internal customer's business requirements, processes and workflows developing both written and visual depictions of requirements and process flows. You will also work with developers to create the functional specifications that meet those requirements, serve as a subject matter expert to the developers building those functions, and test the developed functionality. This role works closely with other Business SMEs, Developers, and Production Support through each stage of the software development lifecycle and also demonstrates both existing and new functionality to the customer stakeholders.This job requires an experienced analyst who can partner effectively with all levels of the organization, lead others, drive results, proactively identify and resolve problems, and make challenging decisions. You will also be responsible for recommending and instituting business analysis best practices, tools and methodology towards standardization of BA deliverables and procedures.What you'll do* Develop and document understanding of business processes including Order to Cash, Procure to Pay, Record to Report* Deliver functional specifications that includes functional hierarchy, workflow, business rules, interface design and definitions, outstanding issues, data analysis, and data mapping to business users and development staff* Research and analyze all aspects of existing business practices and procedures* Develop methodology documents based upon self-initiated interviews, diagrams, surveys and workflow analysis* Create detailed plans for execution and implementation of new processes* Be responsible for direct interaction with business users including, but not limited to, eliciting comprehensive business requirements, use cases and recommending appropriate solutions.* Work with technical teams to deliver high level estimates to develop and deploy functionality* Conduct gap analysis between application and stated customer requirements and collaborate with Architects and Developers to estimate project impact.* Facilitate and perform Build vs Buy analysis for new tools or new feature requests on existing applications* Work with Development, QA, and Production Support teams to communicate, verify, and test the desired functionality changes.* Work with internal business users to demonstrate the changes to the system and ensure all relevant business needs are addressed.* Oversee the life cycle of changes to business systems and processes, and prepare detailed status reports for executive management* Manage multiple competing priorities through effective organization and communication.Examples of desired skills, knowledge and experience* 7+ years of experience in implementations and ongoing operations of enterprise systems in a Business systems analyst role* Strong Order to Cash, Procure to Pay and Record to Report process knowledge, among others* Has expertise in developing and preparing use cases, functional specifications, and technical requirements* Ability to understand and represent the needs of the end user in a software development environment* Experienced in implementing and sustaining best of breed SaaS applications implementations in an enterprise environment* Strong consultative and advisory skills* Excellent written and verbal communications* Experienced in working with both internal and system integrator teams for development* Experience with NetSuite ERP* Experience with Coupa, Concur is a plus* Experience in supporting internal and external auditors with SOX ITGC, SOD* Demonstrated team leadership, management and project implementation* Experience in building strong working relationships with business partners, application users, project managers, internal IT team, external application consultants* Bachelor's Degree or higher in technology-related field or relevant experience in implementing Business systemsWhat Makes Cloudflare Special?We're not just a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company. We're a highly ambitious, large-scale technology company with a soul. Fundamental to our mission to help build a better Internet is protecting the free and open Internet.Project Galileo: We equip politically and artistically important organizations and journalists with powerful tools to defend themselves against attacks that would otherwise censor their work, technology already used by Cloudflare's enterprise customers--at no cost.Athenian Project: We created Athenian Project to ensure that state and local governments have the highest level of protection and reliability for free, so that their constituents have access to election information and voter registration.Path Forward Partnership: Since 2016, we have partnered with Path Forward, a nonprofit organization, to create 16-week positions for mid-career professionals who want to get back to the workplace after taking time off to care for a child, parent, or loved one.1.1.1.1: We released 1.1.1.1 to help fix the foundation of the Internet by building a faster, more secure and privacy-centric public DNS resolver. This is available publicly for everyone to use - it is the first consumer-focused service Cloudflare has ever released. Here's the deal - we don't store client IP addresses never, ever. We will continue to abide by our privacy policy and ensure that no user data is sold to advertisers or used to target consumers.Sound like something you'd like to be a part of? We'd love to hear from you!Cloudflare is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity for all people and place great value in both diversity and inclusiveness. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to their, or any other person's, perceived or actual race, color, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, family care status, or any other basis protected by law. We are an AA/Veterans/Disabled Employer.Cloudflare provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job. Examples of reasonable accommodations include, but are not limited to, changing the application process, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment. If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job, please contact us via e-mail at hr@cloudflare.com or via mail at 101 Townsend St. San Francisco, CA 94107.
