At nWay, we're passionate about games and we're always looking for talented individuals who share that same drive. Our studio is located in downtown San Francisco and we're conveniently located near BART and Muni.

Production

Data Analyst

San Francisco, CA

Job Description

The Data Analyst is responsible for providing insights on our players' behavior to both the game development and marketing teams. You will help define what business questions should be asked, build the right analysis with data tools like SQL, and communicate results and recommendations to the team. More importantly, you will develop a deep understanding of our players and our games, our user funnels, and our KPIs to order transform data sets into actionable insights that will improve our business. Your day-to-day responsibilities will stretch across data analysis, dashboard and report building, and metrics review. We're seeking an individual who has both the strategic business vision and the emotional intelligence to infuse and further a data-driven culture into nWay's decision making process.

Responsibilities
Work closely with product management, live ops, system design, user acquisition and other teams to deliver actionable insights into our games in order to improve our acquisition, retention and monetization
Create and update SQL queries and Tableau/Excel/Google Sheet dashboards
Design and implement analytics events and queries to evaluate and optimize features, events and offers
Design, implement, organize and analyze statistical tests (e.g., multivariate tests) to solve specific business problem
Identify and alert team of any problems, anomalies, trends, issues, and opportunities
Answer business questions and provide insights through exploratory data analyses and ad-hoc reporting
Manage data retention management processes, including defining and updating data retention policies and creating/updating tables to optimize data analysis workflow and cost
Qualifications
BS in Analytics, Business Intelligence, Finance, Statistics or Computer Science, or other analytical discipline
3+ years of experience as a data or financial Analyst applying statistical analysis to consumer behaviors (mobile apps, advertising, market activities)
Experience using SQL, including complex queries from multiple data sources
Experience creating, operating and analyzing multiple simultaneous A/B tests
Experience in Python or another scripting language
Strong communication and presentation skills, including extensive use of chart and table tools
Experience with data and BI presentation tools, including Tableau, Excel, and pivot tables
Ability to act on changing priorities and juggle competing projects and deadlines
Understanding of free-to-play game mechanics a strong plus
Why You Want to Work Here

At nWay, we're passionate about games and we're always looking for talented individuals who share that same drive. We're a small startup defined by a very collaborative, lean and laid back culture where everyone just wants to get things done. Our office is located in the heart of San Francisco and we're conveniently located near BART, Muni and Caltrain. We also offer medical, dental, vision, long term disability, and life insurances, FSA/HSA and Commuter options, and a snack room!

Contact us at HR@nway.com

or

APPLY NOW
