The Opportunity:

This is a Contract role through December 2020.

The data analyst chemist is responsible to acquire data from multiple sources, track, trend, and analyze for product stability and shelf life. He/ She will support the Quality system with GMP documentation using Veeva software.

Responsibilities:
General laboratory skills and background knowledge
Assists on interpretation and application of specified QA/GMP compliance regulations, i.e.: 21 CFR Part 210/211.
Acquiring data from primary or secondary data sources and maintaining databases
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
Ability to learn new techniques, perform multiple tasks simultaneously, keep accurate records, follow instructions, and comply with company policies.
Upload all relevant GMP reports to the quality system software (Veeva). Assists in deviation, change control, and other GMP document upload, review, and approval process with proper workflow in to the GMP system.
Write Annual product review and other compliance documents to support the Quality system.
Performs a wide variety of activities to ensure compliance with applicable quality objectives and regulatory requirements.
Strong understanding of GMP regulations.
Highly collaborative team player, with excellent organizational skills, ability to navigate and be successful in fast-paced and highly-matrixed work environment with changing priorities.
Qualifications:
The successful candidate will have college degree in science or computer or industrial experience.
3 - 5 years of experience required.
Experience using Microsoft Office programs such as Word and Excel
Experience using JMP or Minitab a plus
Knowledge of GMP Quality system (e.g Veeva)
Strong computer, scientific, and organizational skills
Excellent communication (oral and written) and attention to detail
Strong analytical skillswith the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
The Company

Rodan + Fields was founded in 2000 by Stanford-trained dermatologists Dr. Katie Rodan and Dr. Kathy Fields with a passion for giving people the best skin of their lives — and the confidence that comes with it. With effective products, a unique business model and a powerful community of Independent Consultants, Rodan + Fields has disrupted the skincare category to become a leading skincare brand in North America. The company has grown its innovative line of products and expanded into Canada, Australia and Japan. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, R+F now employs 500+ people, has more than 300,000 enrolled Independent Consultants and over two million Preferred Customers.

At Rodan + Fields, you will be challenged to make an impact, inspired to do more, and rewarded for your contributions. We are transforming skincare, and we welcome your big ideas to fuel our ambitious growth plans! If you are looking for a life-changing career opportunity, we've got your prescription. You’ll become part of a positive, passionate movement that celebrates greatness and encourages employees to be catalysts for change. We provide a creative, vibrant workplace outfitted with all of the technology, tools and training you'll need to learn, grow and thrive! We create life-changing impact in our communities through our non-profit, Prescription for Change®, the heart of Rodan + Fields. By funding empowerment programs for students, we teach them how to use their skills to make life-changing differences in their lives and the lives of others. Join us and share your talents as we develop innovative solutions for your skin and empower entrepreneurs. In addition to working arm-in-arm with industry leaders, employees at Rodan + Fields enjoy rich benefits plans and perks.

*At R+F, we do not engage with Google Hangouts or other social media platforms to schedule interviews or communicate with candidates. Please disregard any messages or notifications from Google Hangouts or other social media messenger platforms regarding interviews or job offers.
