Location: San Francisco, CAPosition Description:

The Data Analyst will need to analyze various data sets and provide directive insight based on trending. The primary responsibility for this role is to pull the data from a variety of websites and then to organize it in pivot tables in Excel.

This person will help with data management and reporting for creative requests that come through go/SVA.

• Onboarding
Understand Creative Services Teams
Team mapping of Creative Services teams in each region
Different creative services offered by each team
How teams prioritize and capacity constraints
Commonly used descriptions for these services
Understand Partner Teams
Meet contacts across GTM, YT/V, and Sales
Understand which contacts to work with to gather regional reporting
Understand Sales
Which sellers are allowed to request services (i.e. are services gated or not)
• Data management
Partner with Creative Services teams or regional GTM
Work with SVA Admin Owners to drive data consistency across inputs
Host office hours as needed
Flag missing information or data gaps to the SVA Admin Owner
Do routine checks to make sure data isnt pulling inaccurately
Flag potential bugs to GSL StratOps Team or Tools team
• Data metrics
Coordinate with GSL StratOps for
Revenue
Product Adoption
Seller Satisfaction
Client Satisfaction
Other metrics
Check for bugs / issues in reporting dashboard
• Reporting
Share bi-weekly updates via email or slides with global GSL StratOps Team
Flag if compliance / usage seem low (i.e. high likelihood sellers in region are not using go/SVA)
Job Requirements:
Skill/Experience/Education
Mandatory

• Bachelor's degree
• 3+ years of work experience
• Knows SQL
• Knows Google Slides, Google Sheets, Google Docs

Desired

• One year of experience in an ad sales, ad support, finance, data science, or strategy and operations role.
• Experience with statistical analysis and modelling.
• Knowledge of Google internal databases like Ads F1, Analytics configstore, ASR, Tangle, or XP.
• Knowledge of Google internal tools and systems like Plx, DasNav, F1, and Critique.
• Deep familiarity with Google Ads, Search Ads 360, Analytics 360, or Attribution.
• Basic knowledge of any programming language.

As an equal opportunity employer, ICONMA prides itself on creating an employment environment that supports and encourages the abilities of all persons regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or disability.

.
