About Us:

PlushCare is a premier VC backed company innovating healthcare by providing easier access to high quality healthcare. Our mission is to provide patients with the best experience and the best doctors. Our technology platform enables over 200K patients (and growing!) to talk to a doctor who has trained at a top 50 US medical institution from the convenience of their phone or computer. It's high quality primary care that puts the patient at the center. With the highest NPS of 90 and an App Store rating of 4.9, we strive to provide the healthcare experience that patients deserve. We're growing rapidly and looking for people to join our passionate team.

About the Role:

As a Business Data Analyst at PlushCare you will have the opportunity to work closely with Marketing, Product, and Finance, helping them measure their impact and guide their strategic decisions. You'll dive into complex datasets to analyze trends, identify opportunities and quantify the potential value of new initiatives. You will be a member of our cross-functional data team.

Responsibilities
Develop, publish, and maintain Tableau dashboards and reports.
Develop and implement Tableau data hygiene best practices.
Gather and interpret data to measure business performance and drive decision making.
Work with data and software engineers to ensure high data quality.
Manage multiple analysis projects across departments and adapt to shifting priorities.
Proliferate a data-driven culture at PlushCare.
Required Qualifications:
Educational background in engineering, mathematics, or economics.
3+ years working with Tableau
Excellent quantitative and data analytics skills.
Proficient in SQL (Redshift, MySQL)
Proficient in Excel/Google Sheets (pivot tables, VLOOKUP, statistical functions)
Strong data communicator.
Experience working cross functionally, particularly Marketing, Finance, and Product.
What we offer:
90% Company-paid health, dental, vision
401(k) plan, commuter benefits
Flexible PTO
Fun, diverse, open-minded coworkers
Free lunch when onsite
We are proud to embrace a diverse & inclusive workplace and are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status.
