WHO WE ARE

CBRE is the global leader in commercial real estate services and leverages the industry's most powerful knowledge base to meet the commercial real estate needs of its clients worldwide. Our vision is to be the preeminent, vertically integrated, globally capable real estate service firm. Globally we employ over 70,000 employees and operate in 48 countries.

CBRE has been ranked the industry’s top brand by the Lipsey Company for 15 consecutive years and has been named one of Fortune’s “Most Admired Companies” in the sector four years in a row. Through our values of respect, integrity, service and excellence, we maintain a relentless focus on creating winning outcomes for our clients, employees and shareholders.

The commercial real estate market is undergoing a significant and exciting change – driven by data and technology. Digital and Technology powered products play a vital role in CBRE’s mission to create unmatched value for our clients.

WE OFFER

A commitment to providing you with career growth opportunities within your CBRE career

An open source culture/atmosphere that encourages learning and contributing back to the community.

Energetic and collaborative teams and consulting partners

We support staying on top of the latest best practices and tools

A competitive compensation package, complete with benefits (Medical/Dental/Vision/401(k)/Disability)

Paid holidays/vacation

*This role has the opportuntiy to be remote in the East Coast region of the US.

RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsible for ensuring the business makes better decisions through collection and usage of data. Ensures business data and analysis requirements are met by properly applying data concepts, financial modeling, including data structures, collection and cleansing, and structured and unstructured data analysis and reporting. Ability to collect, analyze, manipulate, and report on CBRE data.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Performs ad-hoc, strategic analysis of structured and unstructured data across multiple data sources, reflecting global real estate markets and the operations of real estate assets.

Develops data structures and pipelines to organize, collect, cleanse, and standardize data in order to generate insights and addresses reporting needs.

Defines data requirements and gathers and validates information, using judgment and statistical tests.

Utilizes programming and analytical tools, including open source programs including Python, R and SAS, SQL, Oracle, or similar relational database tools to formulate models and/or extract insights. Well versed in knowledge of creating algorithms, identifying patterns and insights from structured and unstructured data sets utilizing graphs, trees and/or other data representation techniques as required.

Identifies and troubleshoots data integration and integrity issues in cooperation with the appropriate CBRE business units; Designs work flows and procedures.

Identifies opportunities to maximize data usage, applying modeling and optimization methods to develop new strategies and improve business performance.

Develops ad-hoc analytics and reporting based on analysis of existing data sources, utilizing a variety of tools (i.e. SSRS, Tableau).

Exhibits analytical rigor, judgment, and ability to present a comprehensive 'data story' to multiple levels of the organization.

Other Duties as Assigned

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project.
QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

Bachelor's degree from top tier school in computer science, math, engineering or related field with a minimum of 3 years of experience in quantitative analysis, data modeling, reporting, relational database tools, data warehousing, database architecture, and SQL, SAS and/or SPSS including 2-3 years technical experience in software development, machine learning or statistical analysis, data engineering and data visualization related work.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

None

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Experience with Microsoft BI stack (e.g., SSRS) a bonus.

Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite including Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.

Strong analytical skills.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor.
