Management Analyst IV

The Texas Health and Human Services Commission seeks to fill the senior-level position of Management Analyst IV (Analyst) within the Results Management Office (RMO) of Access and Eligibility Services (AES). The Analyst reports to the RMO Manager and provides complex (journey-level) technical analysis and project/program advisory support for various AES program areas such as Program Policy, Eligibility Operations, Community Access, Training Development & Delivery and Finance & Contract Operations. Performs analyses to bridge gaps between where the organization is (current mode of operation, CMO) and where it wants to be (future mode of operation, FMO). Engineers process and system requirements by following standard research and discovery methods. Defines solutions to address client business problems. Provides technical expertise, direction and oversight leadership for the planning and implementation of complex program and process solutions. May coordinate with other state agencies, governmental entities, private sector partners, and contractors. Manages all project impacts to ensure planning and delivery of the end product is not at risk and ensures the solution meets the requirements and demands of the project's key stakeholders; escalates issues as needed.

Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats

Constructs workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications

Improves systems by studying current practices; designing modifications

Recommends controls by identifying problems; writing improved procedures

Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases and elements; forming project teams; establishing project budgets

Monitors and reports on project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress/status reports; recommending actions

Maintains user confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential

Prepares technical reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends

Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results, as needed

Validates resource requirements and develops cost estimate models, as needed

Conducts and coordinates financial, product, market, operational and related research to support strategic and business planning within the various departments and programs of AES

Interprets, evaluates and interrelates research data and develops integrated business analyses and projections for incorporation into strategic decision-making

Performs daily, weekly and monthly reviews and analyses of current processes using operational metrics and reports

Collaborates to understand and communicate the operational and financial impacts of proposed changes

Suggests changes to senior management and may use analytics to support recommendations. Actively participates in the implementation of approved changes

Creates informative, actionable and repeatable reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement

Conducts insightful, ad hoc analyses to investigate ongoing or one-time operational issues

Essential Job Functions:

(20%) Structures and coordinates complex processes across Access and Eligibility Services (AES). Conducts process improvement needs assessments. Designs and facilitates collaborative efforts among AES Senior Leadership, Directors, Managers, State Office and regional staff to implement complex processes for AES business units. Defines, measures, analyzes, and improves processes using established techniques. Identifies and addresses inefficiencies in eligibility determination processes.

(20%) Develops and manages process improvement projects for Strategic Innovation and System Support (SISS). May confer with the RMO Manager and SISS Deputy Associate Commissioner (DAC) to assess process improvement and project management needs. Coordinates with SISS staff to design projects, quantify problems, identify root causes of problems, solve the root cause, and monitor processes to maintain operational gains. Coordinates the planning and initiation of projects at various levels of completion. Develops and manages project scope, schedule, resources, quality, risk assessment, stakeholder engagement, and communications.

(20%) Develops and maintains process and process improvement reports and documents. Collaborates with SISS or other AES area staff to develop and maintain dashboards and team communications. Prepares high quality written reports, updates, summaries, policies, procedures, and other documents as assigned or as needed to explain results to AES management and staff. Develops process maps, outlines and explanations to support process improvement.

(20%) Facilitates and participates in a variety of meetings with AES staff members for strategic planning, project planning and defining, goal setting and work product development. Facilitates meetings with AES staff as authorized by the RMO Manager or attends meetings with AES Senior Leadership as authorized by RMO Manager or SISS Deputy Associate Commissioner. Plans meetings to prioritize decisions and results. Develops and maintains complete meeting documentation.

(15%) Serves as process management subject matter expert on AES approved projects. As assigned, attends and facilitates meetings, tracks project tasks to log processes and make recommendations for process improvement. Advises project team members on process management.

(5%) Performs other duties as assigned.

Knowledge Skills Abilities:

Knowledge of federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to eligibility programs

Knowledge of proven process design and re-design tools and techniques

Knowledge of proven project management methodologies, tools and techniques.

Knowledge and experience managing process improvement projects impacting multiple business areas and operations

Knowledge and experience managing relationships with key stakeholders

Knowledge of principles and methodologies of change management

Skills in process mapping and identifying inefficiencies

Skills in workshop and/or Kaizen facilitation and meeting management

Skills in process management policies and procedures development

Skills in coordinating implementation of complex processes with multiple teams

Skills in documenting and reporting process improvement

Skills in managing competing priorities

Strong organizational, time management and presentation skills

Ability to work collaboratively to accomplish objectives

Ability to develop and evaluate policies and procedures

Ability to express oneself clearly orally and in writing

Ability to identify problems and to evaluate alternatives and devise solutions to problems

Ability to gather, assemble, correlate, analyze and evaluate data and facts

Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously

Ability to collaborate and develop effective professional relationships with coworkers and stakeholders

Ability to work in fast paced, fast changing environment

Registration or Licensure Requirements:

Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) certification or Project Management Professional (PMP) certification highly preferred

Six Sigma Green Belt Certification or higher preferred

ScrumMaster certification, Agile Certified Practitioner preferred Initial Selection Criteria:

Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university. Work experience may be substituted for education on a year-for-year basis. At least four (4) years of process improvement project management experience in addition to education or experience that substitutes education. Preferred: •Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) certification or Project Management Professional (PMP) certification
4+ years of experience in process improvement project management
Experience in advanced group facilitation and experience with Kaizen is a plus
Experience using Microsoft Office Suite, including SharePoint and/or MS Project
Additional Information:

MOS Code:

No military equivalent

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
