Hinge Health is pioneering the world's most patient-centered digital hospital, starting with musculoskeletal health. MSK conditions are the #1 medical spend for US employers. Hinge Health is finally making it easier to bring expert-recommended care to millions of patients by being the first company to combine wearable-sensor guided exercise therapy with 1-on-1 health coaching and patient education. Only Hinge Health has clinically validated outcomes across 4 peer-reviewed studies showing reductions in: chronic pain, opioid use, anxiety, depression, absenteeism, and costly surgeries.

4 in 5 employers with a digital MSK solution partner with Hinge Health and we’re poised to triple our customer base again in 2020. Hinge Health has raised $126M to date and has 300+ employees across our San Francisco, Portland, Minneapolis, Chicago, and remote offices.

You’ll play a key role in analyzing data generated by our users as well as providing insights for a wide variety of internal teams (Product, Growth, Clinical, Commercial, Finance, Research) and large enterprise customers. You will be a highly-visible, trusted partner to many of our most important decision makers. This is a fantastic opportunity to join our fast-growing Data team and shape how Hinge Health puts its data to use.
WHAT YOU'LL ACCOMPLISH
Build and maintain key company dashboards in Mode, our primary BI tool
Lead analysis and drawing conclusions from user-focused experiments
Collaborate directly with stakeholders to deeply understand their data needs
Set definitions and write SQL queries that go directly into our roll-up tables/views
Work closely with our (data) engineering team to improve data models and flag issues
Ad hoc analyses as needed for high-priority/visibility items
WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR
3+ years experience in a cross-functional, data analysis role
SQL proficiency required; Python a nice-to-have
Prior experience with BI/visualization tools (Mode, Tableau, Looker, etc.) a must
Familiarity with applied statistics pertaining to hypothesis-driven experiments
Enjoys working cross-functionally with any business unit, from Product to Commercial
Pairs understanding of high-level business/product problems with advanced analysis
Can lead on most any type of analysis and produce prototypes/insights within hours
Patience when working with multiple, diverse stakeholders simultaneously
A high attention to detail and the ability to QA data at a glance or in depth
Ability to work autonomously and with minimal guidance

BONUS POINTS
BA/BS, preferably in Business Analysis, Applied Statistics, or similar focus area
Experience analyzing medical claims and codes (ICD-10, CPT, 835/837)
Hands-on data engineering/ETL experience
WHAT SHAPES OUR COMPANY
Trust: We trust our teammates to always act in the team and company’s best interest.
Hustle: We’re creative, we’re unrelenting, we find a way.
Effective communication: We’re prompt and concise.
Learn-it-all (vs know-it-all): We’re always willing to learn.
Frugal: We don’t waste money and especially not time.
WHAT YOU'LL LOVE ABOUT US
Competitive compensation with meaningful stock options
Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance (We cover 100% of your premium and 75% for your dependents)
401K match
3 months paid parental leave
Daily lunch
Professional development budget
Monthly fitness/gym reimbursement
Annual mental wellness benefit
Noise-cancelling headphones
Work from home policy
Opportunity to join a fantastically talented, diverse, and passionate team at a pivotal time in the company’s lifecycle
If you're interested - we'd love to hear from you. No recruiters, please.

Hinge Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
