Voleon is a technology company that applies state-of-the-art machine learning techniques to real-world problems in finance. For more than a decade, we have led our industry and worked at the frontier of applying machine learning to investment management. We have become a multibillion dollar asset manager, and we have ambitious goals for the future.

Your colleagues will include internationally recognized experts in machine learning research as well as highly experienced technology and finance professionals. The people who shape our company come from other backgrounds, too, including concert music performance, humanitarian aid, opera singing, sports writing, and BMX racing. You will be part of a team that loves to succeed together.

In addition to our enriching and collegial working environment, we offer competitive compensation and benefits packages, technology talks by our experts, a modern office, daily catered lunches, and more.

As a Data Analyst, you will be part of a team responsible for owning and simplifying the flow of data used by production trading algorithms at Voleon. Your work will focus on curating datasets and building processes and tools to standardize and simplify this curation. This role is a means to make a difference: as a machine learning company, data is essential to our business.
Responsibilities
Perform manual steps and develop automated processes to ensure the completeness and integrity of massive amounts of mission critical financial data pertaining to stocks, bonds, futures, commodities, and more
Partner with Members of Research Staff to curate new and existing datasets
Help drive continuous improvements to data quality procedures and a consistent approach to how data quality is measured, monitored and reported
Design systematic and automated processes and tools that allow the team to scale and rapidly onboard new datasets
Work global market hours from our Berkeley office for a portion of every year on a rotational basis
Requirements
Coursework or other relevant training in data analytics, programming, or computing systems
Proven problem-solving and analytical abilities including pattern detection, root cause analysis, and issue resolution
An interest in programming and data analysis / data science
Bachelor’s degree with a strong academic record
Authorization to work in the United States
Preferred Qualifications
Relevant experience in data operations, with proven process improvement skills
An understanding of the software development process and exposure to hands-on coding in a professional environment
Experience in exploratory data analysis and applied statistics
Experience with Python
Experience with SQL and working with a relational database system
Experience with Linux
While financial industry experience is a plus, we are open-minded in our search for critical thinkers who are passionate about technology and data
“Friends of Voleon” Candidate Referral Program
If you have a great candidate in mind for this role and would like to have the potential to earn $7,500 if your referred candidate is successfully hired and employed by The Voleon Group, please use this form to submit your referral. For more details regarding eligibility, terms and conditions please make sure to review the Voleon Referral Bonus Program.
Equal Opportunity Employer
The Voleon Group is an Equal Opportunity employer. Applicants are considered without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, age, sex, gender, marital status, sexual orientation and identity, genetic information, veteran status, citizenship, or any other factors prohibited by local, state, or federal law.
