Software Guidance Assistance, Inc., (SGA), is searching for a REMOTE Data Analyst Consultant for a contract assignment with one of our premier financial services clients. STRONG SQL JIRAAGILE TRUE DATA ANALYST BACKGROUND STRONG COMMUNICATION MARKETINGFINANCE Responsibilities Responsible for putting together metrics and data element documentation as POC development is happening Replicating data elements from campaign execution tables in the sandbox. Working with data modelers to make sure the model meets the needs of the business. Rules Engine and campaign execution tools- can work off the model that is being built. Create "Staffing populations. Responsible for converting POCs into use cases in JIRA Required Skills Should have some experience working with marketing data which will help with understanding the processes. Needs to be more analyst than technical and Data Lineage Needs to have good SQL skills ( streamline and pull requirements data) Resource needs to be a self-starter as we are all spread thin and have little time to handhold. SGA is a Certified Women's Business Enterprise (WBE) celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities. For consulting positions, we offer a variety of benefit options including but not limited to health dental insurance, paid vacation, timely payment via direct deposit. SGA accepts transfers of H1 sponsorship for most contracting roles. We are unable to sponsor for Right-to-Hire, Fulltime, or Government roles. All parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply for all roles. Only those authorized to work for government entities will be considered for government roles. Please inquire about our referral program if you would like to submit a candidate for any of our open or future job opportunities. SGA is an EEO employer. We encourage Veterans to apply. To view all of our available job postings andor to learn more about SGA please visit us online at www.sgainc.com httpwww.sgainc.com .
