As a Business Data Analyst, you will build our business analytics vertical and drive insights that lead to step-function operational improvements. In this role, you will partner with leadership and teams from across the business—from sales to finance—to help unpack ambiguous problems and build lasting, scalable analytics solutions. Your work will vary from one-off investigations to building core dashboards and tables, and it will directly evolve how Scale operates and measures itself. We are looking for candidates who are incessantly curious and who love creating insights out of ambiguity.
You will:
Collaborate with leadership, finance, marketing, and sales teams to identify, define, and track key metrics to be used in monitoring, planning, and one-off decision-making
Work closely with other teams to investigate problems, uncover root causes, and drive quantitative solutions
Measure and effectively communicate results to the entire organization
Help operators across the business better understand our customers, taskers, and pipeline efficiency
Develop repeatable, scalable analytical solutions, such as dashboards, models, or better underlying tables
Ideally you'd have:
2+ years of relevant work experience in a role requiring application of data and analytics to business problems
Mastery of SQL and relational databases; experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python/R),
Experience with BI tools (e.g., Tableau), and Excel preferred
Experience designing and building dashboards (Tableau) - understanding which metrics are most meaningful to the business and the cadence required to measure them
Excellent communication and data visualization skills, and the ability to convey complex ideas succinctly
Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance
Nice to haves:
Experience with finance and US GAAP accounting principles
Familiarity with Salesforce
About Us:
At Scale, our mission is to accelerate the development of Machine Learning and AI applications across multiple markets. Our first product is a suite of APIs that allow AI teams to generate high-quality ground truth data. Our customers include OpenAI, Zoox, Lyft, Pinterest, Airbnb, nuTonomy, and many more.

Scale AI is an equal opportunity employer. We aim for every person at Scale to feel like they matter, belong, and can be their authentic selves so they can do their best work. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Scale AI is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's EEO poster and EEO poster supplement for additional information.
