About thredUP

thredUP is the world’s largest fashion resale platform, inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. The company has spent the past 10 years reinventing resale, building a marketplace and infrastructure now poised to power the $50B resale economy and usher in a more sustainable fashion future. Millions of consumers use thredUP as the easiest way to sell their clothes and shop over 35,000 brands at up to 90% off — online, in stores or via “try-before-you-buy” Goody Boxes. Backed by world-class investors, thredUP designed a resale engine that has redistributed nearly 100 million unique garments from closets across America and is now powering resale for the broader fashion industry via its Resale-As-A-Service (RAAS) platform.


About the Role

At thredUP, we’re working to revolutionize the clothing industry and we're looking for an experienced Data Analyst to provide the analytical horsepower to help drive our complex marketplace. As part of our data science team, you will work cross-functionally to extract insights about customer behavior, leverage them to make product improvements, and propose the development of new features. You’ll also be involved in our growth marketing efforts to help us scale efficiently. If you get excited about data-driven decision making, we’d love to hear from you.
Responsibilities
Dive into our clickstream data to understand user behavior, providing insights to guide product improvement efforts and level up our data architecture
Work closely with the creative, product, data science, and engineering teams to develop new customer-facing initiatives
Provide insights that will enhance our understanding of customer lifetime value
Create and maintain KPI dashboards to support team decision making
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree or above in a quantitative discipline
At least two years of professional experience in an analytical role
Ability to derive insights from complex data and make recommendations that drive meaningful business impact
Fluent in SQL and advanced proficiency with Excel / Google Sheets.
Strong knowledge of a programming language such as Python, R, or Spark
Knowledge of business intelligence tools Looker and Amplitude or similar
Deep understanding of statistical analysis, and experience with standard techniques including linear regression, time series analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and A/B testing.


What We Offer:
- The opportunity to make a massive impact & influence outcomes for our business and customers alongside passionate coworkers
- Autonomy. The ability to make, own, and carry out decisions
- Competitive salary, equity and full benefits (health/dental/vision insurance & 401k)
- Work from anywhere most Tuesdays and Thursdays (what we call Maker Days)
- Catered lunch on Wednesdays, cold brew coffee and beer on tap
- Flexible PTO

At thredUP, our mission has been built on extending the lives of millions of unique clothing items. Much like our inventory, we believe diversity is key. As a diverse and inclusive workplace, we are committed to ensuring our employees are comfortable bringing their authentic selves to work every day. A unique perspective is critical to solving complex problems and inspiring a new generation to think secondhand first. Everyone is welcome - be you.
