Loan Data Analyst

Apply now

Overview


At First Republic, we care about our people. Founded in 1985, we offer extraordinary client service in private banking, private business banking and private wealth management. We believe that personal connections are everything and our success is driven by the relationships we form with our colleagues and clients. You’ll always feel empowered and valued here.

Incredible teams doing exceptional work, every day
The Credit Approval & Administration team provides education, guidance, and best practices related to First Republic’s credit culture and policy. Our team includes members of the Executive Loan Committee and Credit Administration who approve and monitor loans in accordance with our credit culture and policy.

Duties and Responsibilities


The Portfolio Analytics Team provides data and analytics on First Republic Bank’s loan portfolio.

This position reports to the Manager of Portfolio Analytics and focuses on the automation of reports, development of dashboards, and migration to new technologies. Success is defined by managing processes in a timely and efficient manner with appropriate controls, identifying trends and nuances within the data, and working with end users to maximize the value of solutions delivered.

What you’ll do as a Loan Data Analyst:
Create SQL queries and stored procedures to manipulate large datasets
Automate recurring reports with SSRS
Create dashboards and reports with Tableau
Migrate existing processes to Snowflake
Research and improve data quality
Work with teams across the bank to optimize processes

Qualifications


You could be a great fit if you have:
Bachelor’s degree or higher with an emphasis on quantitative and programming skills
Detail oriented with excellent time management
Strong understanding of databases and ability to work with other teams to maintain/improve data quality
Experience with Tableau a plus
Basic understanding of loan products with a strong desire to learn
Proactive and self-motivated
Strong communication (oral and written skills)
Able to operate efficiently in a fast paced environment
Team player with a positive, helpful and approachable attitude
Job Demands:
Must be able to review and analyze data reports and manuals; must be computer proficient.
Must be able to communicate effectively via telephone and in person.
Own your work and your career -
Are you willing to take initiative and make decisions? Are you willing to go the extra mile because you love what you do and how you can contribute as a team? Do you want the freedom to grow and the opportunity to take charge of your own career? If so, then come join us.

We want hard working team players. You’ll have the independence to learn, lead and drive change. A culture of extraordinary service, empowerment and stability—that’s the First Republic way. Come join us!

This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties as assigned to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. The Company is an equal opportunity employer. In this regard, the Company makes reasonable accommodations for qualified applicants and employees with disabilities in order to enable them to perform all essential job functions, unless doing so creates an undue hardship.

First Republic is subject to federal laws that restrict the employment of individuals with certain types of criminal histories, including FDIA Section 19 and FINRA. To the extent not inconsistent with our obligations under those federal laws and regulations, First Republic will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the Los Angeles and San Francisco ban-the-box laws.
