Data Analyst
Project: The Data Analyst will be part of the Edge Cyber Device Security program which is a 5-6 year project with over $200 million in funding. The program is responsible for risk reduction and development of cyber security controls and guardrails to support devices within Clinical Technology, Pharmacy, Facility Operations, Medical Devices, Security, Research, Optical and Internet of Things (IoT) business organizations.

Essential Functions:
Independently determines and implements appropriate measurement and analytical methods to achieve specified analytical project or tasks objectives.
Exercises independent professional judgment regarding analysis assumptions and data quality. Identifies and resolves data quality issues, as required.
Coordinates the work of other project team members (UCDA staff, regional analytic staff, and contractors) to accomplish specified analytical project or task objectives.
Determines the most informative approaches to summarizing data and communicating analytical results. Develops, as required, innovative or customized templates and formats.
Implements specified quality assurance procedures to ensure accuracy of project data, results, written reports, and presentation materials.
Designs and creates written reports and presentation materials describing project objectives, methods, data, and results.
Given project or task data requirements, determines the most efficient approach to data collection and validation and works independently to obtain needed data from KP HealthConnect information systems (e.g. Clarity).
Additional Requirements:
Ability to effectively communicate complex technical concepts, both verbally and in writing.
Skills in analytical methods including problem and model formulation, algorithm selection, and development of overall solution strategy.
Creativity, critical thinking, and excellent problem-solving skills.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience writing, debugging and documenting complex queries against relational databases.
Experience performing exploratory data analysis and model development and evaluation using R, SAS, SPSS, Stata or some other data analysis package.
Previous work experience in the healthcare industry, especially healthcare analytics or health services research.
Familiarity with Healthcare healthcare system.
Experience with using SQL tools
