Summary:

The Marin City Health and Wellness Center’s (MCHWC) Data Analyst will support an ongoing analysis of health data information. He/she and is responsible for developing and implementing data information systems to obtain, verify, and prepare data information to support healthcare programs, state and federal mandated reports, grant related activities, quality improvement, and other ad hoc reporting needs. The Data Analyst is also responsible to support, coordinate, and ensure clinic staff is trained on all reporting tools as needed.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with the Quality Improvement and Risk Manager in developing and implementing systems to obtain, verify and prepare data information
Enter data into spreadsheets and web-based reporting tools as needed
Develop tables, graphs and reports
Organize data and reports for compliance, quality improvement, and program development
Track and report on key performance and quality improvement measures
Update the inventory of reporting metrics and quality improvement measures associated with organizational priorities and grant requirements
Maintain access to Clinic’s electronic health records (EHRs) and health center reporting tools
Support, coordinate, and ensure training of staff on data validation and reporting tools as needed
Perform other duties as directed, developed, or assigned
Supervisory Responsibility: N/A

Qualification Requirements:

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in computer science, public health or a field that requires research and strong analytical skills; or the equivalent professional experience
Minimum of 2 years work related experience in healthcare
Experience analyzing data in a healthcare environment
Outstanding presentation, verbal and written communication skills
Ability to express complex technical and analytical concepts to non-technical management
and staff.
Able to multi-task in a dynamic fast paced environment with minimal supervision
Advanced understanding of HIPAA.
Basic database or SQL knowledge
Proficient computer skills and Microsoft Office, including pivot tables/excel, word, power point, Outlook, etc.
Strong organization skills and attention to detail
Language Skill:
Must possess excellent organization, writing, and verbal skills
English proficiency required; Spanish proficiency preferred
Reasoning ability:
Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.
Equipment/Machinery: Fax machine, copier, personal computer, telephone, calculator, Microsoft Word/Excel, EHR system, and other software as required.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an individual to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Stand and walk or sit alternatively depending on specific needs of day. Estimate 20% of time is spent on feet and 80% sitting at desk.
Have occasional need to perform the following physical activities: bend/stoop/squat, climb stairs, push or pull, reach above shoulders.
Have occasional need to perform standing and walking activities.
Constant need to perform the following physical activities: writing/typing, grasping/turning, finger dexterity.
Lifting/carrying over 10 pounds occasionally. Lifting/carrying less than 10 pounds frequently.
Vision requirements: constant need to complete forms, read reports, view computer screen. Frequent need to see small detail. Frequent need to see things clearly beyond arm's reach.
Hearing requirements: constant need to communicate over telephone and in person.
Travel Requirements: Local travel to multiple MCHWC locations required. Occasional travel for training, seminars, etc.

Work Environment:

The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.

Benefits: We currently offer 100% premium paid Medical and Dental benefits (**employee coverage only), 403(b) plan plus financial advisors, $1500.00 CE Benefits annually plus up to five days paid off for continuing education, up to $500 reimbursed for professional license fees and certifications required to serve and treat our patients, 9 paid holidays, 80 hours PTO for 1st through 2nd year of employment (increasing to 120 hours 3rd year of employment).

Marin City Health and Wellness Center is an approved National Health Service Corps site.
