Pharmacovigilance Operations Associate (Data Analyst)
6 month contract
South San Francisco
Supports all MAP Operations related activities
Perform reconciliation related activities for Market Research Patient (MAP) support programs and responsible for tasks related to MAP Global Tracking Tool (GTT) to ensure continuous data integrity.
Run operational metrics reports on a routine basis, identify follow-up's required, and work with the appropriate PV Operations head and/or vendor lead to ensure appropriate follow-up is completed.
Oversees operational aspects of US MAP Service Provider Qualification Process including: curation and upkeep of US MAP Service Provider qualification portal, ensuring consistency and fidelity of all Service Provider lists, management and assignment of new assessments to PV Operations head and/or vendor lead
Responsible for executing Source Data QC (SDQC) of in scope MAPs on a quarterly basis. This includes: a) Communication with MAP vendors; b) management of vendor conducting SDQC, including appropriate QC; receiving, QC and tracking data files.
Supports all study management related activities
Responsible for oversight, triage, and tracking of incoming study document review request
Responsible for performing Case Transmission Verification (CTV)
Ensuring all USMA studies have been reviewed by PV Clinical Group
Performs Outbound Submission and Tracking (OST) for literature ICSRs and submits relevant documentation to health authority
Identifies compliance trends and formulates action plan as needed to address compliance issues.
Skills:
Competencies Identified for Success:
Ability to translate complex data trends to actionable steps
Demonstrates strong business expertise related to PV environment
Can be recent graduate.
Education:
Education, Experience, and Other Requirements:
Minimum Bachelor's degree (Preferred)
Degree in Life Science or related field (Preferred)
Demonstrates expertise in computer skills and database experience (i.e Microsoft office Suite) (Preferred).
Writing experience; science/medical writing highly desirable.
Ability to travel as required
Health Care Professional NOT required
Company Description:

About Ascent:

Ascent is a leading national technology consulting and professional services firm that focuses on tactical and strategic consulting. Ascents fundamental business is providing staffing services to Large Enterprise clients in our core market verticals: Financial Services, Healthcare, and Life Sciences. We focus the majority of our efforts in Staff Augmentation support of Large Enterprise Clients who utilize a Vendor Management System. Ascent works as both a reliable supplier in support of programs, as well as a Strategic Advisor in support of enterprise efforts to establish best in class preferred vendor programs. Ascent was ranked in the 2007 and 2008 Inc. 500 and recognized specifically for its innovative work in staff augmentation support of Large Enterprise preferred vendor accounts.

If you are ready to propel your career to new heights read on. We are looking for talented and dedicated colleagues to join our phenomenal team. At Ascent, we have created an environment where culture, commitment and opportunity converge to yield a truly unique place to work. We know that every employee has something important to say and that every employee is integral to our success. Where else can you walk over to a founder and talk about your ideas to help build our business and have that idea implemented in 48 hours? More importantly, we do everything we can to make sure our employees not only have great jobs, but great lives.
