About us:

Apto Payments is a leading-edge card issuance platform. We help companies issue new kinds of cards in new ways. We do it with fewer constraints and more creativity, for a better cardholder experience. Founded in 2014 as Shift Payments, the company worked with Coinbase to launch the first Bitcoin debit card. Today, as Apto, we have broadened our mission, finding new ways to connect people to their assets by helping crypto and non-crypto related companies successfully launch innovative, customer-centric card programs to market.

Apto is a Series A company, headquartered in San Francisco. We are focused on growing our business in a responsible way by building transformative, best-in-class products while managing our risk exposure. We're excited about empowering developers' and customers' abilities to launch the most innovative card programs, in the most efficient way possible.

Role:

We are hiring an experienced data and fraud leader who will be responsible for data, instrumentation, and fraud outcomes at Apto. You will be responsible for not only tracking and monitoring Apto's risk and fraud exposures, but also for designing tools to get ahead of potentially emerging trends. You will establish a holistic framework that considers the tradeoffs of mitigating fraud vs false positives and the negative impact on our customers and their cardholders. In this role, you will work with teams across the company, including:
Operations: to build models and implement risk management policies and processes
Product: to design detection and monitoring tools
Engineering: to ensure data integrity and instrumentation
This role is a senior position. We want this person to have a significant presence in the company to help drive the companys success. This means developing strong relationships across the company, up and down and across. We want fun, creative colleagues who are passionate about the problems theyre solving and we want you to share those messages with everyone.

Job requirements:
Use intuition and data to plan deep dives and analysis to gather insights and influence the fraud roadmap
Develop comprehensive fraud dashboards for internal and external use
Build effective tools for our Operations team to help uncover fraud in real-time
Support Data Science by providing them with the signals needed to build effective models
Design APIs and tools for internal and external use
You will eventually lead and scale a team of high performing analysts, and develop the teams technical and strategic skillset
Skills:
Excellent communication skills
You're self-directed, with proven ability to manage goals and deadlines effectively
Passion for learning
Benefits:
Competitive salary and equity
Fully paid healthcare for you and dependants
Great team of driven people with different skill sets
Flexible hours and work from home days (fully remote during COVID-19)
Opportunity to build solutions for millions of people around the world
Powered by JazzHR
