Hinge Health is pioneering the world's most patient-centered digital hospital, starting with musculoskeletal health. MSK conditions are the #1 medical spend for US employers. Hinge Health is finally making it easier to bring expert-recommended care to millions of patients by being the first company to combine wearable-sensor guided exercise therapy with 1-on-1 health coaching and patient education. Only Hinge Health has clinically validated outcomes across 4 peer-reviewed studies showing reductions in: chronic pain, opioid use, anxiety, depression, absenteeism, and costly surgeries.

4 in 5 employers with a digital MSK solution partner with Hinge Health and we are poised to triple our customer base again in 2020. Hinge Health has raised $126M to date and has 300+ employees across our San Francisco, Portland, Minneapolis, Chicago, and remote offices.

We are looking for an experienced analyst to partner with many of the most important decision makers at the company, helping us drive forward our understanding of user and company data. This person will dive headlong into complex problems alongside operators (including R&D, Clinical, Operations, and more) to answer tough questions using a wide variety of techniques, from exploratory analyses to experimentation.

This role takes important analytics competencies (natural curiosity, partnering with stakeholders) and mixes them with data science and applied statistics to provide signal from the noise. This analyst not only adds value by answering longstanding questions but figures out which questions to ask next. It’s a fantastic opportunity to join our fast-growing data team and shape how Hinge Health uses data to make its most critical decisions.
WHAT YOU’LL ACCOMPLISH
Mature the understanding of trends in our data, clarifying company and product strategy
Build strong partnerships across the organization, becoming a trusted partner
Co-lead on designing product experiments and lead on measuring their effectiveness
Enable others to self-serve for ongoing data needs through Mode
Work closely with our data engineers to continue maturing our data infrastructure
Helping your colleagues do the best, most well-informed work of their career
WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR
5+ years experience using statistical techniques to analyze data (R, Python, etc.)
Proven track record partnering with with any business unit, from Product to Commercial
Proficient with SQL and Python and can manage their own data pipelines when needed
Pairs an understanding of high-level business/product problems with advanced analysis
Mastery of dashboard tools (Mode, Tableau, Looker, etc.) and a knack for visuals
Thrives in ambiguity and can explore a problem with minimal direction
BONUS POINTS
Bachelors or advanced degree in Statistics, Mathematics, CS or other quantitative field
Experience analyzing healthcare-specific data: ICD-10/CPT/DRG codes, medical claims
Comfort working at a fast-paced start-up
WHAT SHAPES OUR COMPANY
Trust: We trust our teammates to always act in the team and company’s best interest.
Hustle: We’re creative, we’re unrelenting, we find a way.
Effective communication: We’re prompt and concise.
Learn-it-all (vs know-it-all): We’re always willing to learn.
Frugal: We don’t waste money and especially not time.
WHAT YOU'LL LOVE ABOUT US
Competitive compensation with meaningful stock options
Medical, Dental, Vision, Disability and Life Insurance (We cover 100% of your premium and 75% for your dependents)
401K match
3 months paid parental leave
Daily lunch
Professional development budget
Monthly fitness/gym reimbursement
Annual mental wellness benefit
Noise-cancelling headphones
Work from home policy
Opportunity to join a fantastically talented, diverse, and passionate team at a pivotal time in the company’s lifecycle
If you're interested - we'd love to hear from you. No recruiters, please.

Hinge Health is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.

We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.
