About Stem

Stem is the global leader in AI-driven energy storage. With more than 800 systems on-line or being installed in 75 jurisdictions across six states and three countries, and a groundbreaking contract with Southern California Edison to deliver 85MW of grid stabilizing capacity and customer-sited energy storage, Stem has more experience installing and operating advanced energy storage systems than every other provider combined.

By pairing energy storage with Artificial Intelligence (AI), Stem helps building operators and energy managers lower energy costs automatically while supporting a modernized, sustainable electric grid. Stem’s Athena, the first AI for energy storage, lets you buy electricity when it’s affordable and use it later when it’s suddenly more expensive. Athena links facilities into a powerful network that can instantly form virtual power plants that allow you to earn demand response revenue and participate in other grid modernization opportunities as soon as they arise.

With Stem’s energy services agreement, customers receive guaranteed savings immediately without having to pay anything upfront. Stem manages the installation, operation, remote monitoring and maintenance. Systems are designed for safe, seamless integration into a facility.

Headquartered in Millbrae, California, Stem is funded by a consortium of leading investors including the Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan, Activate Capital, Temesek, Iberdrola, GE Ventures, Constellation Technology Ventures, Angeleno Group, RWE, Total Energy Ventures, Mithril, and Mitsui & Co., Ltd. The breadth and depth of Stem’s resources and capabilities are unmatched in the industry.

Stem, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in the workplace and does not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, pregnancy, religion, national origin, ethnicity, citizenship, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, disability, genetic information, military status, protected veteran status or any other factor protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. Stem, Inc. complies with all applicable state, federal and local laws, regulations and ordinances prohibiting discrimination in places where we operate.

Job Description

Looking for a Fleet Optimization Analyst to join and support our Network Operations Center (NOC) team. As a Fleet Optimization Analyst, you will have the opportunity to work with a stellar team building bleeding edge technologies in Artificial Intelligence, IOT Networking and Energy Storage to revolutionize the grid. An ideal candidate loves mining, analyzing, and utilizing data to influence real business outcomes.

How you will help us achieve our mission:
Mine and analyze data from relational databases to drive fleet optimization and improvement of product development and business strategies.
Create and automate the generation of reports and dashboards that provide visibility into the status of key performance metrics.
Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions.
Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize product performance, revenue generation, and other business outcomes.
Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes.
Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.
Required Skills
BS or MS in Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering or related field
2+ years of experience in data analytics, data cleaning, building user friendly dashboards, and insight generation
Knowledge and practical experience using statistical techniques and methods, including regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, and proper usage.
Proven history of finding valuable insights from large, complex sets of data
Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
Aptitude to quickly learn new systems/technical applications.
Self-motivated, detail-oriented personality, demanding high quality performance from self and colleagues
Proficient with distributed data/computing tools, such as Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, AWS Athena, MySQL, etc.
Proficient in using statistical computer languages (R, Python, etc.) to manipulate data
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Tableau, JMP, plotly, ggplot, etc.
Required Experience
Experience working with Renewable Energy or the Utility Industry.
Familiarity with Atlassian Suite (i.e. JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket)
Relevant experience analyzing fleet or asset performance.
Job Location
Millbrae, US-CA
