Redfin is redefining real estate in the consumer's favor by combining our own technology and agents to create a service that's better, faster, and costs less. As a Redfinnian, you'll make a difference in one of life's most important events-buying or selling a home. Our hiring standards are high, yet our culture is humble. We've got all the perks, but if what you value most is doing great work in a creative, collaborative, and disciplined environment, join us.As a Senior Data Analyst for the User Growth team, you'll use some of the most robust real estate search data in the world to build tools and answer questions that drive key business decisions across the entire company. What drives new users to come to Redfin? How can we improve our product to bring potential homebuyers and sellers back? How can we make sure that search engines understand the value of our site and rank us appropriately? We need a Senior Analyst to help us turn the mysteries of organic user acquisition and retention into clear and undeniable recommendations for action.The Role* Partner with Engineering and Product Management to analyze the health of our technology and prioritize potential projects* Dive deep into user behavior on Redfin's site and apps to discover what best encourages search engines to rank us highly, and users to return for a second visit* Craft and deliver presentations on the state of user growth, or on the results of recent analysis, to Product and Engineering teams and to the C-level executive team* Help create strategic A/B tests and correctly analyze often-complex results, even when random user level splitting is impossibleSkills & Experience* 3+ years experience working with user activity data in a business analytics context required. Experience with SEO analysis is a big plus.* Expert-level SQL, Tableau, and Excel skills* Experience accessing and manipulating database data using Python* Ability to design analyses and experiments that produce actionable results fast* Brilliant communication skills and ability to explain complex ideas clearly to a nontechnical audience* You're an analytical juggernaut who doesn't stop at the "What?" but hungers for the "Why?" and "What if?"* Bachelor's degree in statistics, computer science, business analytics, or a related field. An advanced degree in a relevant field is a plus.What We Offer* Competitive compensation packages with a salary, bonuses, and restricted stock grants* Generous benefits, including three weeks of paid vacation, medical, dental, and vision insurance, and fully paid family leave* Strong startup culture with catered lunches, casual dress code, happy hours, and moreTo make sure we hire the most qualified people, we've designed a multi-step selection process which may include interviews, a homework assignment, and a reference check. We're excited to get to know you and hope you're ready to give this opportunity everything you've got!Redfin is an equal opportunity employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce.
