Job Description


Job #: 1073316

Location: SF (will begin 100% remote)

12 Month contract

To apply, please email a resume to jabernathy@apexsystems.com

The Alerts Platform is used to communicate servicing messages to customers via email, push and SMS. These messages are generally customer product usage driven – account statement ready notifications, balance updates, credit card usage notices, etc. The platform is highly automated and has elaborate interconnections with upstream product systems to send several billion messages annually.

This new role is with the Ad Hoc Alerts Team, which is part of the Alerts Platform product management group. The Ad Hoc team leverages key aspects of the Alerts Platform to provide customized, manually executed, one-time or limit duration alerts. The team works with alert requestors from a wide array of product areas across the bank and facilitates the entire end-to-end process. This starts with developing content and targeting specifications, insuring all needed controls have been passed, spending a considerable amount of time performing the actual setup and execution of the alert and finally, following up with post-send analysis and investigations as needed.

Primary responsibilities for this role may include but are not limited to:
Effectively juggle multiple ad hoc communication efforts simultaneously while working across varying business lines in a fast-paced, deadline driven, dynamic environment
Set up message content and targeting data files while performing quality assurance activities on both
Proactively shift between the detail and big picture aspects of the work at hand. This involves being detail oriented to detect problems, for example, with data formats or content issues like missing punctuation or broken hyperlinks. It also involves stepping back to ask questions when all the assembled pieces of the communication effort do not seem to yield a coherent customer experience.
Collaborate with line of business partners and various functional support teams including legal, communication, technology and analytics in support of the communications initiatives.
Required Qualifications
6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: digital business analysis, data analysis, content publishing, digital platforms, digital consulting
Strong, clear and concise written and oral communication skills
Ability to execute in a fast paced, high demand, environment while balancing multiple priorities
Experience using Microsoft Excel to manipulate data sets
Desired Qualifications
Ability to dissect technical problems, analyze data, and recommend potential solutions
Experience collaborating with cross functional business partners and supporting various business lines within a large corporation
Experience with content management applications, including Tridion Content Management System
Knowledge and understanding of project management principles: tracking deliverables and coordinating tasks and activities
Experience with various forms of digital messaging platforms (Email, SMS, Push, etc.)
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
