Job :: Lead Data Analyst

Location San Francisco CA

Duration :: Contract

Brief description of your team function:

The core charter of Credit data services is to build best-in-class data solutions to help bring value to the Credit business. We are looking for an individual who is eager to explore new data, while at the same time is proficient enough in existing data to support business stakeholders looking to leverage it in their last-mile solutions.

The role will involve understanding businessrequirements,conductinghand-on businesssystemsanalysis andtranslating requirementsintotechnicalspecificationsto producescalable and consistentsolutions.

The role will be responsible for supporting global stakeholder departments, working domain leads and data citizens across different GEO's such as Americas, EMEA, and Asia Pacific. This position requires interaction with geographically disbursed business and technical teams requiring the candidate be a self-starter with strong written/verbal communication skills, leadership qualities and project/task management skills.

Breakdown of Day to Day tasks

30% Meeting business stakeholders to gather/discuss business requirements

20% Business systems and data analysis

20% Documenting/Building technical specification

30% Working with engineering team development satisfies business functional requirements

Top 3 hard skills, stack ranked

Business systems analysis, data analysis (Teradata, Oracle, Hadoop), problem-solving

Data modeling & data solutions architecture

Communication skills

What is going to make someone stand out as the best

Bachelor's degree in computer science or engineering discipline with a strong quantitative aptitude

Ability to work with business leads, business stakeholders, subject matter experts and technical staff to gather and develop business needs in the form of technical requirements

Identifying and refining current and futurestate business processes by performing deep dive analysis of current state and propose future state solutions effectively using clear and precise documentation

Motivation to understand business processes and data platforms in order to design/deliver scalable data solutions to support customer needs

Good understanding of database principles and advanced SQL in order to perform complex analysis

Expert understanding of data modelling concepts, experience with data modelling and generating metadata to support relational & non-relational database implementations; experience building logical and physical data models.

Good understanding of distributed systems (Teradata, Hadoop), data movement and optimizing ETL processing of extremely large datasets with specified SLAs.

Collaborate closely with engineering team and provide ongoing support to help implement end user requirements

Ensure the consistency and quality of data solutions completed by engineering team.

Prior knowledge of any analytical visualization tools like Tableau, MSTR is desirable

Document data solutions for easy business consumption.

Strong communication skills, both written and verbal, and skilled at adjusting communication style/vocabulary to an audience's role/function and technical familiarity

How will you determine if the individual is performing well?

Documentation of requirements/needs gathered from business teams

Communications/updates to management and project team members

Functional specs and other documentation given as requirements to engineering teams

Ability to identify and communicate effort, risks and dependencies to project team members/stakeholders

Relationships with business users and technical teams

Delivery ofhigh qualitysolutions meeting business requirements

Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company.
