About Pill Club

Pill Club is reinventing the way women receive healthcare and essential medicine. Starting with birth control, we create a patient experience that is personal, convenient, affordable, and delightful. We offer everything she needs in one place - healthcare through telemedicine, payment using your credit card or your insurance, and prescriptions by mail.
Our mission is to be a trusted healthcare partner for women, empowering them through access, choice, and education – all while delivering a positive and personal experience. Launched in 2016, the Pill Club is a leader in the technology-enabled virtual care and pharmacy space, serving hundreds of thousands of patients across the US.

Description

As the Senior Analyst for the Operations team, you will closely partner with our COO and Head of Business Operations to expand our use of data to drive critical insights and strategic decisions. In addition, from Day One, you will have the opportunity to shape the way we use, manage, and derive value from data across the company.
Responsibilities
Partner with our Operations team to define key metrics while prioritizing the highest impact data analyses
Partner with our Data Engineering team to access and structure data
Learn our business so that you can proactively offer compelling analyses that make our operations stronger
Independently embrace ambiguous problems and return with clarity: define and break down problems, structure high ROI analyses, explain results to both technical and business audiences, offer clear recommendations
Leverage your experience in other organizations to help us grow an industry-leading Business Intelligence team
Collaborate cross-functionally with other Analysts at Pill Club to evolve shared platforms and technologies and share best practices
Clearly communicate wins and successes as well as risks and roadblocks
Inspire passion for our mission across the company
Qualifications
4-8 years of experience demonstrating professional growth in Analytics function
Track record of building collaboration and effective teamwork with technical and non-technical colleagues
Strong communication skills, with ability to present complicated and high impact analyses in a way that catalyses decision making and action
Excellent SQL and Excel skills
Experience working with data visualization tools like Tableau, Quicksight, or Looker
High integrity team player who is flexible and adaptable to meeting the evolving needs of a high-growth and fast paced organization
If you fit most of these requirements and love working to improve women’s health, please apply with a resume. We can’t wait to hear from you!

This is a full-time position. Our offices are in San Mateo, CA, but this role may be remote. Title and compensation will reflect level of experience and expected contribution.

We are an Equal Employment/Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate in hiring on the basis of sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religious creed, national origin, physical or mental disability, protected Veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.
