Responsibilities


Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiary, Noblis ESI, are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering.

The selected individual will be an integral member of Noblis’ data analytics team. The successful candidate will need to be a self-motivated individual with a desire to work on the cutting edge of high performance computing, data science, and advanced analytics. The work will encompass diverse disciplines as the team helps projects throughout the different Noblis client mission domains.

Typical duties and responsibilities include:
Support local and federal law enforcement agencies by exploring, identifing, and investigating patterns in their temporal, geo-spatial, and contextual data
Exploit identified patterns in the design and implementation of tools that support local and federal law enforcement missions
Communicate findings to analysis team and law enforcement leadership
Client Engagement
• Begin developing relationships one level up and two levels down. Identify and support opportunities to expand project scope beyond current deliverable and actively share information about clients’ emerging support needs and trends with team members and management. · Participate on proposals
Qualifications


Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree in a STEM field such as: computer science, statistics, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, computer engineering, mathematics, and physics
Minimum 3 years of experience working in any of the fields related to data science such as: statistical modeling, information retrieval, graph analysis, data mining, machine learning, image processing, computer vision, and/or geo-spatial analytics
Ability to work with datasets of different sizes and formats. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of data preprocessing (e.g., ETL, data munging, and cleaning), analysis, and visualization techniques
Statistical analysis and modeling in Python (SciPy, NumPy, NetworkX, scikit-learn) or other similar toolkits
Strong collaboration and communication skills. Ability to present material to audiences of differing technical aptitude
Comfortable working in both Linux and Windows environments
Clearance: Active TS with the ability to obtain an SCI
Highly Desired:
Familiar with neural networks, cluster analysis, decision trees, collaborative filtering, and geo-spatial analysis. Understanding and application of feature engineering, extraction and reduction
Experience with rapid-prototyping, algorithm development, implementation, application, and adaptation from free open-source software (FOSS) projects
Familiar with software engineering and development best practices (agile software development)
Overview


Noblis and our wholly owned subsidiary, Noblis ESI, are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering. Learn more at Noblis -About Us

Why work at a Noblis company?

Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.

Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.
