At Franklin Templeton, we are dedicated to delivering strong results and exceptional service to clients, team members and business partners. Over 9,000 employees working in 60 offices around the world are dedicated to servicing investment solutions for our clients in more than 150 countries. For over 65 years, our success has been a direct result of the talent, skills and persistence of our people, and we are looking for qualified candidates to join our team.

We’re currently looking for a Senior Financial Systems Analyst / Business Intelligence Data Modeler to join our Financial Business Process and Systems (FinBPS) team.

FinBPS team members are experts in Business Process Analysis, Financial Systems Solutions, and Project Management. We evaluate and implement solutions for Systems, Processes, Controls and leverage best practices and innovation. Our clients include Shareholders and Company Leaders, and our Business Process Partners include Franklin Templeton Technology (IT department), Finance, and HR. Our mission is to provide optimal solutions that instill trust and confidence in the financial results for Franklin Templeton Investments.

What are the ongoing responsibilities of a Senior Financial Systems Analyst?
System administration
Perform and review tasks such as data loading, updating allocation rules and reports.
Provide support for internal customers in case of application, processes and data questions.
Coordinate with IT team for resolution of application and infrastructure issues.
Track and resolve users support issues with systems, applications and requests.
System enhancements and implementations
Develop changes/enhancements for system processes and models.
Track and resolve enhancement and implementation issues with users and project team.
Communicate with users, Systems Administration, IT Team, contractors, vendors and providers for upgrades, enhancements, fixes and troubleshooting.
Perform other duties as requested by project managers and managers
Maintain good working relationships with project team members, internal customers (e.g. Corporate Finance), and external service vendors.
Provide end-user systems training as needed.
Participate in internal customer meetings to better understand users’ requirements and challenges.
Provide support to other Finance groups to help understand processes and analyze data.
What ideal qualifications, skills & experience would help someone to be successful?
Bachelors or Advanced Degree in Finance, Accounting or Management Information Systems.
Experience in accounting, financial analysis or information technology is a plus.
Willing to learn new financial systems.
Hands-on experience with any ERP system, such as SAP, Oracle, or PeopleSoft.
Experience with Business Intelligence Tools such as Cognos Business Intelligence, Business Objects or Oracle Business Intelligence (OBIEE) is preferred.
Good skills in the area of Microsoft Office Package (Excel, Word).
Basic database and SQL knowledge will be considered as an advantage.
Previous experience working in the Financial Services Industry is a plus.
Very good communication skills and a good command of the English language.
Ability to work independently and take initiative to improve business processes/information flow in the organization.
What makes Franklin Templeton unique?
In addition to the dynamic and professional environment at Franklin Templeton, we strive to ensure that our employees have access to a competitive and valuable set of Total Rewards—the mix of both monetary and non-monetary rewards provided to you in recognition for your time, talents, efforts, and results.
Highlights of our benefits include:
Three weeks paid time off the first year
Medical, dental and vision insurance
401(k) Retirement Plan with 75" company match on your pre-tax and/or Roth contributions, up to the IRS limits
Employee Stock Investment Program
Tuition Assistance Program
Purchase of company funds with no sales charge
Onsite fitness center and recreation center*
Onsite cafeteria*
*Only applicable at certain locations

We believe that being a good corporate citizen is good business. To us, corporate citizenship means being accountable, serving our clients, being an employer of choice, managing our environmental impact, and supporting our communities. An emphasis on corporate citizenship is embedded in our culture and values, and is an important element of how we achieve success.
We are also committed to your learning and development with resources focused around Experience, Exposure, and Education, to help you achieve your professional development goals. Take some time to, meet some of our people, and see what it means to say, “I AM Franklin Templeton”.
Franklin Templeton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity for all applicants and existing employees and we evaluate qualified applicants without regard to ancestry, age, color, disability, genetic information, gender, gender identity, or gender expression, marital status, medical condition, military or veteran status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, and any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation. We invite you to visit us at http://www.franklintempletoncareers.com/ to learn more about our company and our career opportunities.

#LI-US
#ASSOCIATE
