Job Description
Vespa Group is seeking a Sr Data Analyst. Our philosophy is to recruit and retain only high-caliber professionals, provide them with a rewarding work environment, and compensate them well for their hard work.

Qualifications:
Education:Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent work experience.
Required experience:
5+ years of SQL
4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 3+ year of HEDIS data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted
Advanced knowledge of Business Objects
Advanced knowledge of RDBMS (Oracle , Teradata Data Warehouse, SQL Server 12 and up , CRM and etc.)
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications - Excel and Access
JobDuties:
Responsible for analytical data needs
Handle complex data requests, reports and predictive data modeling
Utilize SQL Server , Oracle 11g, and Teradata Data Warehouse to resolve data requests from team and write procedures
Create and maintain document for all the procedures and steps for routine reports generation and the other most frequently submitted data report creation
Create and manage reports using MS SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)
Perform regular operational tasks for the team
Work as a data analyst to resolve any data issues, answer all data inquiries coming from internal or external users by developing stored procedures, queries, programs against SQL database

oWork on system database object watching/monitoring to make sure the data integration is high quality and records are up to date.

oWork on testing processes whenever a new development is finished or new release is implemented , including creating test data, writing scripts, which are used to test the system new release.

oWork on data reports development to support , and meet the business requirements
Compensation:Above market and commiserate with specific position and the individual's experience/skill level.

Vespa Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, genetic information, status as a protected veteran or status as a qualified Individual with a Disability, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. For more information please visit www.vespa-group.com.
