Who we areLilt makes it possible for every organization to communicate with their customers in the language of their choice affordably and at scale. The product combines human expertise and machine efficiency in a complete enterprise localization solution. Our mission is to make the world's information accessible to everyone, regardless of where they were born or which language they speak.We recruit the world's best human translators and equip them with our neural machine translation system, allowing them to translate faster and better than ever. Our technology is based on NLP and HCI research from Stanford and UC Berkeley.Lilt is backed by some of the world's leading investors including Sequoia, Redpoint, Zetta, and XSeed Capital. Our customers include some of the largest Fortune 500 companies in the world who rely on Lilt every day to provide more personal customer experiences in 50+ languages.Our team is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in Berlin, Dublin and Indianapolis.Who we wantWe seek a Data Analyst who will be responsible for generating weekly company metrics, customer invoices & reports, and supporting our business teams on data-driven leadership.As a Data Analyst, you will help build our growing data analytics vertical and drive company-wide insights that lead to step-function operational improvements. You will partner with leadership and teams from across the business - from sales to finance - to help unpack ambiguous problems and build lasting, scalable analytics solutions.Our ideal candidate is organized, action-oriented, incessantly curious, and loves creating insights out of ambiguity.He or she possesses analytical and technical skills, and is keen to be at the cross section of multiple teams and functions.Responsibilities* Deliver weekly company metrics to the executive team* Juggle multiple operational tasks across customer invoicing, translator payments, weekly reporting and forecasting* Work on one-off investigations to resolve high-visibility and ambiguous problems* Build and maintain core dashboards and tables* Utilize and develop your SQL, Salesforce and Tableau skillsSkills and Experience Needed* 2+ years of work experience in a highly analytical and operational role within a rapidly growing tech company* Highly analytical and data-driven* Experience in SQL, Chartio, Salesforce and Tableau* Sharp attention to detail* Bias towards action* Thrives in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment* Strong work ethicExperience (Preferred)* Experience at an early stage startup (50-150 employees)* Experience with Python, Hubspot, Salesforce and Business Intelligence dashboards is a major advantageBenefits* Competitive salary and meaningful equity* Employer-subsidized medical, dental, and vision coverage* 401k with company matching up to 4%* Catered lunch once a week and fully stocked kitchen* Professional development budget. Buy some books. Attend a conference. Take a class. Whatever you feel will help you do your best work!* International off-sites. Twice a year, we get our San Francisco and Berlin offices together. Locations alternate between Europe and the United States.
