Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

The Financial Systems and Technology group (FST) within Enterprise Information Technology (EIT) is seeking a senior Data Engineer to join our asset and Liability Technology team at Wells Fargo Corporate Treasury. Lead Data Engineer is responsible to provide application design guidance and consultation, utilizing a thorough understanding of applicable technology, tools and existing design. Candidate will be responsible for expanding and optimizing our data and data pipeline architecture, as well as optimizing data flow and collection for cross functional teams. The incumbent should be an experienced data analyst, data pipeline builder and data wrangler who enjoys analyzing data, building and optimizing data systems from the ground up. Their duties include solution design, development and may include ongoing operational support of the code-line.

Key Responsibilities:
End to end ownership of ETL data pipelines, from ingestion of data to consumption by business intelligence and advanced analytics teams.
Design and build an automated, self-service data platform, freeing teams to focus on customer features and analysis.
Evolve existing tools and framework to support new scalability requirements as well new functionality as needed.
Identify and drive new solutions to enhance the development cycle to increase development productivity.
Work with product owners to identify and mature upcoming business needs and develop technical backlog to answer those needs in a timely manner.
Work with team to identify and resolve technical debt to improve the teams throughput.
Required Qualifications
7+ years of business systems analysis or design experience
4+ years of experience in the capital markets and investment banking industry
5+ years of Python experience
5+ years of data management experience including data modeling, data integrity and data quality
5+ years of Agile experience
5+ years of experience with databases such as Oracle, DB2, SQL server, or Teradata
5+ years of SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) experience
3+ years of data warehouse experience
3+ years of OpenStack experience
A BS/BA degree or higher
Desired Qualifications
Knowledge and understanding of technology business systems analysis or design in capital markets and investment banking
Knowledge and understanding of operational work flows/processes for capital markets and investment banking, including industry participants
Knowledge and understanding of industry regulations for developing technological solutions
Knowledge and understanding of system requirements, software design, and Interface Control Documents
Knowledge and understanding of regulatory compliance requirements surrounding business and consumer-lending or deposit laws and regulations
A BS/BA degree or higher in engineering
Other Desired Qualifications
5+ years experience building data pipelines.
Extensive knowledge in fine tuning SQL, understanding optimizers, and execution plans.
Deep experience designing and implementing highly scalable, distributed application systems.
Self-motivated, independent, team-player
Strong communication skills.
Strong understanding of software development life cycle and release management
Wells Fargo design experience
Street Address

CA-SF-Financial District: 343 Sansome St - San Francisco, CA

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
