YOUR ROLE
The Quality Analyst will be responsible for assisting the QSHE Manager and Operations in researching quality, operations, and data discrepancies and compiling data.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Audit all outbound parcel, LTL, and International shipments to ensure customer satisfaction and that orders meet established standards of quality. May be required to assist with process audits and/or root cause analysis.
Will generate inspection reports through Manhattan and/or SAP.
Will audit any material for accuracy and inspect for accuracy or damage. Will re-box, re-label, or identify product for scrap.
Will perform quality inspections per SOP.
Update data logs and prepare material to be scrapped. Document internal audits and other quality assurance activities.
Audit racks for any damaged product and move appropriate work area for repair
Will be back-up support for Inbound Disposition Clerk, or any other department.
Review shipping discrepancies from customer; Review Manhattan for Inventory Adjustments
Investigate discrepancies and use information found to determine if customer complaint is valid.
Be provide quality support (i.e. identify part numbers, question on packaging, etc.) for all team members.
Work with management to drive quality programs and customer satisfaction
May be required to assist with SOPs/Work Instructions audits, as required
Will perform other job tasks, as assigned.
YOUR SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES
High school diploma or GED required.
Prior experience in a warehouse environment is preferred.
Ability to use RF gun and/or Manhattan
Strong PC skills including proficiency in WMS applications and Microsoft Office.
Detail-oriented, problem-solving, and analytical skills.
Ability to work in a team setting and communicate with various levels of the organization.
Understand and adhere to department policy and procedures.
Ability to establish priorities and accomplish multiple tasks with minimal supervision.
Must have good math skills.
Forklift certified preferred
Fluent in English
Job Type: Full-time

Experience:
Microsoft Excel: 2 years (Preferred)
Location:
Whitestown, IN (Preferred)
