Marion County Public Health Department is an organization that celebrates diversity, and seeks to employ a diverse workforce. We actively encourage all individuals to apply for employment and to seek advancement opportunities. Marion County Public Health Department also provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities as required by law. For additional questions please contact us at: hrmail@hhcorp.org.

POSITION SUMMARY:

This position will play a leading role in helping understand the impact of Ending the HIV Epidemic (EhE) initiatives in Marion County and the Indianapolis Transitional Grant Area. This position will work with EhE initiatives to support data collection, entry, quality remediation, analysis, evaluation and reporting. The position will also provide support to the program evaluation team and the coordination of data management services with that team. This position will collaborate with the HIV Epidemiologist and the State Surveillance Program to review eHARS data to facilitate data to care. This position will work closely with the EhE Grant Manager to ensure EhE program meets reporting requirements of the Program and to use data to help improve outcomes. Position will assist with grant writing and reporting. This includes but is not limited to the creation and generation of CAREWare data and analysis and data from other sources as needed to support the EhE program.

This position works under the Ending the HIV Epidemic grant program and will be responsible for data-related infrastructure enhancements to improve client services and outcomes. This position will be funded through HRSA Ending the HIV Epidemic Grant, and continued employment is contingent upon receipt of the grant.

QUALIFICATIONS:
Completion of a Bachelor's Degree in Public Health, Allied Health or related discipline is required
Experience with computerized data analysis and data management
Knowledge of HIV/AIDS and/or STI related issues is beneficial
All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.

Nearest Major Market: Indianapolis
