Xtend Healthcare, established in 2009, is seeking professionals to fulfill a specific need at one of our key clients of EY (Ernst & Young) within its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice. These full-time positions offer a competitive salary and an attractive benefits package. The positions are long-term with no scheduled end date. Many current Xtend Healthcare employees have been contracted in similar roles at EY for multiple years -- some well over a decade.

EY is a globally recognized professional services firm and its Indianapolis healthcare advisory practice serves a variety of healthcare clients nationally. EY is looking to expand its existing team of Xtend Healthcare data analysts. Xtend Healthcare employees who act in these contracted roles have data analytics, informatics or business backgrounds. Some individuals do occasionally travel for work, but travel is not required by all. Candidates are expected to work daily in EY's downtown Indianapolis, Indiana office location.

EY offers our team members a highly inclusive, flexible work environment. Benefits also include the opportunity to develop and build upon deep technical skills, healthcare industry knowledge, and consulting skills through on-the-job training. The services provided include assisting their clients in complying with Medicare, Medicaid and other regulatory requirements, in addition to helping them receive the appropriate amount of reimbursement from these programs.

We are seeking qualified candidates for ourHealthcare Data Analystposition. This position will work with our client's proprietary tools to analyze large volumes of hospital data. The candidates must employ various technical data manipulation techniques to analyze large complex data sets, identify data patterns, data mine, etc. Through training, candidates must learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets. Candidates must be able to communicate results of the analysis to project managers.

JOB SUMMARY:

1. Analyze large volumes of hospital data.

2. Employ various techniques to analyze large complex data sets:
Data manipulation
Data mining
Identifying data patterns
3. Learn and apply relevant regulations to compile data sets.

4. Communicate results of analysis succinctly to project managers.

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's Degree in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
2+ years experience in Business, Informatics, Data Analytics, Finance, Accounting, or a related field.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel required, with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience recommended.
Successful reference check, background check and drug screening (required).
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience with Medicare or Medicaid reimbursement, including cost reports, Medicare DSH and/or Medicare bad debts, is a significant advantage.
Intermediate level proficiency with Microsoft Excel (required) with Microsoft Access, SQL or other database software experience (recommended).
Acute attention to detail and strong analytical skills (required).
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to employ critical thinking skills and work independently while also working well within a team environment.
Receptiveness to differing views and ideas with the ability to apply industry-specific concepts.
Highly adaptable to changing circumstances and/or directives in day-to-day priorities.
Ability to perform well on frequent repetitive tasks while continually improving skills and competencies.
Willingness to travel occasionally (plus).
All offers of employment are contingent on standard background checks. Navient and certain of its affiliated companies are federal, state and/or local government contractors. Should this position support a Federal Government contract, now or in the future, the successful candidate will be subject to a background check conducted by the U.S. Government to determine eligibility and suitability for federal contract employment for public trust or sensitive positions. Positions that support state and/or local contracts also may require additional background checks to determine eligibility and suitability.

EOE Race/Ethnicity/Sex/Disability/Protected Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.

Navient is a drug free workplace.
