Job Description
Primary Skills: SQL, Data Pulling, Tableau/QuickSight/MicroStrategy, Data Visualization
Duration: 6+ Months
Contract Type: W2 Only

Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Information Systems or related field; or equivalent experience.
5+ years' experience as a Data / Business Analyst pulling, analyzing, and delivering analyses
Advanced SQL querying
Advanced expertise in Excel
Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, QuickSight, MicroStrategy
Strong verbal/written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to effectively develop and communicate clear, thoughtful, and comprehensive analyses.
Preferred Skills:
SQL Knowledge
Python Skills
MS Access
Web Macros
Technical Skills
Financial, Tax, or Accounting Background.
To follow up with any questions, please contact Ajitabh @ 408-907-2956

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
