Data Analyst - Renton, WA 12 Months Contract with Benefits Summary The Data Analyst will be proficient in identifying and interpreting trends and patterns in complex and large data sets. The analyst will need to convey these findings to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in written, report, and verbal forms. The capability to apply advanced analysis using statistical techniques, out-of-the-box machine learning procedures, and other domain-specific methodologies is desirable. Data Analyst Requirements Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college in computer science or equivalent work experience. Work experience as a data analyst or in related field. Ability to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks. Ability to analyze existing tools and databases and provide software solution recommendations. Ability to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms. High-level experience in methodologies and processes for managing large scale databases. Demonstrated experience in handling large data sets and relational databases. Understanding of addressing and metadata standards. High-level written and verbal communication skills. Technical Skills SQL ETL Microsoft Reporting Tools (Power BI) ERP - Oracle Workday Lawson Responsibilities Develop and execute SQL queries, extract data in support of analyses, and performs reporting tasks from information systems. Demonstrate skill developing qualitative and quantitative measurement, summarizing results of data file and the follow-up tasks on the data structure to solve related problems and inconsistencies such as missing data or incorrect data values. Demonstrate positive interpersonal skills by effectively collaborating with other team members to identify and resolve problems. Develop and maintain dashboards with most up to date data extracts. Integrate datasets retrieved from multiple data sources and identify opportunities for automation in data extraction. Assist internal customers with data input, reporting, graphing and analysis. Support the design, creation, and deployment of data solutions. Extended Job Details Managing master data, including creation, updates, and deletion. Managing users and user roles. Provide quality assurance of imported data, working with quality assurance analyst if necessary. Commissioning and decommissioning of data sets. Processing confidential data and information according to guidelines. Helping develop reports and analysis. Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata. Supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements. Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalization. Generating reports from single or multiple systems. Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports. Evaluating changes and updates to source production systems. Providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing. If you are interested in this role, then please feel free to reach out directly to vidhi.kundaliakellyit.com or 720-201-3798 Why Kelly Registered ? By partnering with KellyRegistered IT, you'll have direct connections to top companies around the globe-giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today's most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We're here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward. About Kelly Registered At Kelly, we're always thinking about what's next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we're a leading advocate for temporarynontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
