Nintendo of America Inc.

The worldwide pioneer in the creation of interactive entertainment, Nintendo Co., Ltd., of Kyoto, Japan, manufactures and markets hardware and software for its Nintendo Switch(c) system and the Nintendo 3DS(c) family of portable systems. Since 1983, when it launched the Nintendo Entertainment System(c), Nintendo has sold more than 4.7 billion video games and more than 740 million hardware units globally, including Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo 3DS family of systems, as well as the Game Boy(c), Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS(c) family of systems, Super NES(c), Nintendo 64(c), Nintendo GameCube(c), Wii(c) and Wii U(c) systems. It has also created industry icons that have become well-known, household names, such as Mario, Donkey Kong, Metroid, Zelda and Pokemon. A wholly owned subsidiary, Nintendo of America Inc., based in Redmond, Wash., serves as headquarters for Nintendo's operations in the Americas. For more information about Nintendo, please visit the company's website at http://www.nintendo.com.

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES
Provides descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics.
Conducts advanced data analysis on testing projects using leading analytical, statistical, and qualitative techniques.
Performs data mining, trend/predictive analysis and statistical analysis to generate research outcomes.
Interprets and communicates complex research outcomes and provides understandable recommendations to game developers through written, verbal, and visual methods.
Creates reporting that is used to generate data driven stories that inform and influence game developers, QA testing companies, and internal stakeholder teams
Utilizes problem solving methodology to identify root causes and recommend alternative options to deliver high quality games.
Works with various stakeholders across the globe to gather data from proprietary systems.
Utilizing data visualization techniques which will influence key decisions.
Communicates effectively cross culturally.
Assists in the design and deployment of database table structures, reports, queries, and communicates functional and technical issues.
Creates and maintains comprehensive documentation on analyses and methodologies.
Assists supervisor with projects.
May provide project coordination support upon request.
SUMMARY OF REQUIREMENTS
Minimum 5 years' experience in a hands-on analytical role with focus predictive and prescriptive analysis
A minimum of 3 years' work experience involving data manipulating, data visualization, query and report writing.
Strong business acumen and proven track record of driving positive business change with data story telling
Proficient in Microsoft Excel(R), Power point, SQL, and data visualization tools such as Tableau.
Excellent organizational and project management skills
Experience in video game testing
Knowledge of video games
Undergraduate degree in Research, Statistics, Engineering, or related field preferred
Project Management certification preferred
Passport required
We are an equal opportunity employer of individuals with disabilities and protected veterans....valuing diversity...celebrating strengths.
