Active Directory Data Migration Analyst - Seattle, WA 6 - 12 Months Contract We are looking to hire a Data Analyst to join our AD Migration team. You will take responsibility for managing our master data set, developing reports, and troubleshooting data issues. To do well in this role you need a very fine eye for detail, experience as a data analyst, and deep understanding of the popular data analysis tools and databases. Responsibilities Managing master data, including creation, updates, and deletion. Managing users and user roles. Provide quality assurance of imported data, working with quality assurance analyst if necessary. Commissioning and decommissioning of data sets. Processing confidential data and information according to guidelines. Helping develop reports and analysis. Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata. Supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements. Supporting initiatives for data integrity and normalization. Assessing tests and implementing new or upgraded software and assisting with strategic decisions on new systems. Generating reports from single or multiple systems. Troubleshooting the reporting database environment and reports. Evaluating changes and updates to source production systems. Providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing. Requirements Bachelor's degree from an accredited university or college in computer science. Work experience as a data analyst or in related field. Experience working with Exchange and Active Directory. Knowledge of MySQL databases. Experience developing scripts, debugging and deploying software preferred. Knowledge of email, networking topology, LDAP, SMTP, TCPIP protocol Strong understanding of architecting and configuring Microsoft Windows OS technology (client and server) including AD Federation, Forests, Domains, Trusts, DNS, DHCP, Group Policy and Organizational Units. Creation of Azure AD cloud solution. Knowledge of file and print server management and troubleshooting. Strong knowledge of domain controller configuration and migration. Experience with designing and deploying group policies. Strong problem solving and leadership skills. Self-starter and self-motivated a must. Experience with Exchange on-prem and cloud configuration and deployment a plus. Ability to work with stakeholders to assess potential risks. Ability to analyze existing tools and databases and provide software solution recommendations. Ability to translate business requirements into non-technical, lay terms. High-level experience in methodologies and processes for managing large scale databases. High-level written and verbal communication skills. If you or anyone you know is interested in this role, then please feel free to reach out directly to Vidhi Kundalia at 720-201-3798 or vidhi.kundaliakellyit.com Why Kelly Registered ? By partnering with KellyRegistered IT, you'll have direct connections to top companies around the globe-giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today's most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We're here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward. About Kelly Registered At Kelly, we're always thinking about what's next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we're a leading advocate for temporarynontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
