Job Description
Exciting space exploration engineering company in Puget Sound is seeking to hire an experienced Configuration/Data Management Analyst. You will participate in the development and implementation of configuration management systems for spaceflight systems. We are seeking an experienced individual with excellent oral, written, interpersonal, and analytics skills who can thrive in a fast-paced environment. You will be primarily responsible for the team that implements and executes the configuration and data management systems used by business unit. You will ensure the implementation is consistent with company policies. In this hands-on position, you'll work to increase the speed and efficiency of the program by supporting the timely delivery, quality, and transparency of data to support program activity and business systems. The right personality will be a proactive, service-oriented individual with excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills who thrives in a fast-paced environment.

Location: Kent, WA

Duration: 6-18+ months, long term opportunity

Pay: DOE

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Execute the spaceflight documentation and configuration management strategy.
Manage the Business Unit data consistent with the company policies. Implement / improve systems as required to enable our teams to move quickly while meeting requirements.
Train users on the proper use of configuration management tools and systems.
Ensure configuration management requirements are met and are compliant with all applicable regulatory requirements and standards.
Establish new processes and implement effective change management as required, communicating cross-business as necessary.
Establish product and processes metrics that effectively measure and improve performance of documentation and configuration management processes as required.
QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:
AA/AS or BA/BS in a related technical or liberal arts discipline
5-7 years of direct product configuration management experience (Product structure, parts, drawings and requirements management experience highly desired).
3+ years of experience working in a highly regulated environment (security systems, medical device, aerospace, etc.).
Deep experience with world-class toolsets for configuration management in complex products
Proven ability to communicate effectively both in writing and verbally with staff at all levels of the organization and external stakeholders, including regulatory agencies, customers and suppliers.
Excellent technical writing and presentation skills.
Proficient with configuration management principles and practices
Proficient with product lifecycle management (PLM) and/or data management tools
Proficient in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Familiarity with export control (EAR/ITAR) regulations
Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident (current Green Card holder), or lawfully admitted into the U.S. as a refugee or granted asylum.
DESIRED:
CMII certification/training
Experience in aerospace or aviation
Experience with Windchill, Creo, ERP/MES systems
Experience with DOORS Next Generation
Experience with Confluence & JIRA
Database skills with SQL, queries, etc

Company Description
We've been one of Washington's Top 100 Best Workplaces in Washington for five consecutive years. We’re in the business of building great teams that meet individual needs and help grow thriving companies to reach their goals. That means we understand more than most that your people are your culture. We strategically create industry-specific teams that foster a close-knit start-up feel within our own company. This ensures we have a deep knowledge of every sector we serve while allowing us to build unique teams that work (and play) well together. We’re honored to be recognized as one of Washington’s Top 100 Best Places to Work for five years running, and have applied those same strategies to find the absolute best matches for our clients and candidates to grow happily and successfully.
