Are you passionate about solving problems and working with customers? Do you want to help make enterprises more secure as the move to the Azure cloud? Join the Security Health and Analytics team as a security data analyst and help us bring customer and business insights to our security monitoring and baseline data. In this role, you will analyze and action various security monitoring logs and configuration settings for cloud services for the Azure Platform and also enabling security analytics for our Azure customers via Azure Security Center. You will have the opportunity to work with internal and external customers, looking for opportunities to harden their configuration and work with the program managers and engineers to implement security monitoring changes to improve the security monitoring and configuration of our services. Responsibilities * Analyze network security groups, firewalls, operating system settings, Azure Policy insights, and other dimensional data to identify insecure configurations and defense in depth improvements * Understand common network environments to customize network baseline settings * Providing actionable intelligence and analytics that will make our products and services better and grow our business * Prototype environment specific security monitoring detections * Be able to tell a story from the security monitoring data through enriching with other data sets and dimensional data * Provide trend analysis, variance analysis, findings, and insights and then then work with stakeholders to articulate what actions are needed or being taken on each scenario to drive or improve our security baseline service profiles * Become a subject matter expert in the C+AI services, the security monitoring space, and the business and underlying data ecosystem for security monitoring, including working with compliance and security assurance. * Collaborate with product and program owners across the organization to understand objectives, identify opportunities, and prioritize projects to maximize business impact. * Ensure the ongoing documentation of analysis methodologies and results. * To be successful in this role, you must have knowledge of securing cloud services and strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. You must also thrive in a team environment that values cross team collaboration and building on the success of others Qualifications Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form . Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work. Required Qualifications: * 2 + years experience hand on analytics experience with proven quantitative orientation * 1+ years experience working knowledge of large data manipulation and data mining using SQL * Excellent Technical writing and excellent written and verbal communication skills * Knowledge of Cloud services * Ability to work in a team environment that promotes collaboration * This position requires verification of US Citizenship to meet Federal Government Contract Security requirements. * Candidates must have an active Top Secret clearance and be willing to upgrade to TS/SCI with Full Scope Polygraph or have an active TS/SCI and be willing to upgrade to TS/SCI with FSP . This role will require candidates to maintain the TS/SCI (with polygraph) clearance. * This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. Preferred Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree a related discipline such as Computer Science or Computer Information Systems highly preferred * Passion for evaluating detailed settings in Windows and Linux and how those settings inter-operate * Be self-driven, and show ability to deliver on ambiguous projects with incomplete or dirty data preferred * Knowledge of security monitoring preferred #AzureSecCSS #AzureSecOpen Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.
