Location(s): CO - Henderson

Do you want to start your career at a leading energy company with lots of room to grow? If you’re ready to work hard in an environment where you’ll be challenged, respected, and encouraged to develop your skills and talents, an entry-level job at Xcel Energy is your first step.

Position Summary
Responsible for the day to day updates and maintenance of the SAP Vendor Master. The position will focus on timely and accurate processing of change requests for vendor master and vendor hierarchies. Coordinate with data owners to collect data for vendor master. Ensure all key fields are accurately populated before releasing vendor data. Assist in overseeing data governance process for vendor master i.e. ensure Business users adhere to specified standard. Review data quality issues. Assist with ad-hoc data maintenance and analysis tasks. Focus on continuous improvement.

Essential Responsibilities
Transactional: Accurately process day to day standard vendor set up and changes using approved process and procedures. Demonstrates knowledge of linkages between Vendor Master, Purchasing, Receiving, and Supplier invoices to identify how to classify vendors for accurate set up. Ensure that documents meet corporate and regulatory standards (SOX, IRS, FERC).
Customer/System Support/Problem Resolution: Perform analysis and research on internal/external customer questions, software, system or transactional problems. Provide customer service support as a technical and informational resource in order to resolve questions/issues to improve corporate or business unit results. Assist with data governance to ensure Business users adhere to standards. Review and analyze Payment Failures, 1099 and B Notices in collaboration with Disbursement team to determine corrective action.
Analysis/Reporting: Identify opportunities to gather and interpret data (cost, productivity, trends, etc.) to drive continuous improvement opportunities. Analyze, prepare and present reports to ensure data accuracy and resolve identified issues. Support analysis and research of audit questions. Generate or develop reports from various data sources to track and graph data.
Other duties as assigned.
Minimum Requirements
High school diploma or equivalent and minimum 3 years' experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Excellent customer/communication and teamwork skills.
Results-oriented with ability to learn new tasks, tools, systems, and processes and develop skills quickly.
Experience in accounting or supply chain field preferred.
Intermediate-level skills and experience in Excel or statistical analysis or equivalent data analysis packages preferred.
As a leading combination electricity and natural gas energy company, Xcel Energy offers a comprehensive portfolio of energy-related products and services to 3.4 million electricity and 1.9 million natural gas customers across eight Western and Midwestern states. At Xcel Energy, we strive to be the preferred and trusted provider of the energy our customers need. If you’re ready to be a part of something big, we invite you to join our team.

Posting Notes: CO - Henderson || CO - Henderson || United States (US) || CFO Organization || 75280:Accounts Payable || Full-Time || Non-Bargaining ||

Requisition Number: 23953

Equal Opportunity Employer: Minority/Female/Disability/Veteran

Individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to apply please contact us at recruiting@xcelenergy.com
