Full Time - Lakewood, Colorado

We are seeking an entry-level Business Data Analyst to work at our federal customer site in Lakewood, Colorado and to join our collaborative, innovative, customer-centric culture. If you have basic knowledge in technical fields including but not limited to finance, accounting, information technology, research and analysis, or other program support fields, then please read on!

Specific tasks include but are not limited to the following
Works in support of the general management and business operation of a particular program, department, or office.
Provides analysis and research for specific projects.
Supports managers and a variety of tasks and projects to meet deadlines.
Continuously exercises discretion and independent judgment on the analysis, planning, and/or implementation of important program initiatives.
Qualifications
Your Experience
Must be a U.S. Citizen
Associate’s Degree or equivalent experience. Equivalent experience includes:
4+ years’ experience supporting program analysis activities with no related degree; OR
2+ years’ experience supporting program analysis activities with related Associate’s Degree; OR
No experience with a related BA or BS degree.
Specializes in one or more of the following areas: tax; finance; accounting; budgeting; auditing; quality control; research; legal and regulatory compliance; administration, and other similar management and operational activities.
Superior customer service, interpersonal, and communication skills.
Ability to take the initiative and use independent judgment.
Preferred
Has a Public Trust Clearance
Why Consider This Opportunity
Great benefit package with benefits that start on date of hire.
401 (k) employer match, with 100% immediate vesting.
Work environment where you have a lot of independence.
Ability to work with a purpose and make an impact.
Work with a Manager and peers that are passionate about customers.
Work for an employer where core values are not just written on paper but lived.
