Charles Schwab is looking for a candidate excited about technology and looking to join an organization focused on strong customer service. The GDT Assistance in Data (AID) team provides technology solutions and data support for Schwab employees. The AID team is the first point of contact for internal customers with data questions, issues, or requests sourced from our analytic and big data systems. The AID team’s goal is to deliver an exceptional customer experience to maximize Schwab’s ability to leverage data as an asset for competitive advantage. This role is to act as the lead analyst designing the help desk engagement model, processes and tools. This role will also guide other staff members in service completion, process adherence and professional development.
In this newly created strategic role, the ideal candidate will define support process, procedures, and performance metrics whiling learning about our big data and data warehouse ecosystem.
You will have the opportunity to delight Schwab’s internal customers by empowering them with self-service data exploration tools and elevate Schwab’s data IQ level by connecting with end users, providing education opportunities about GDT data assets and delivering customer support services related to their data needs.

Putting the customer first; empathizing with the customer
Exercising patience during stressful situations
Developing processes/procedures for request intake, triage and assignment, escalation, and communication
Coaching junior team members on processes and service mindset
Strong oral and written communication skills
Having a friendly presence and helpful attitude; strong interpersonal skills and ability to work well with others
Demonstrating professional etiquette in the use of phones, chat, and email
Communicating complex technical issues in an easy to understand manner to customers with minimal technical knowledge
Multi-tasking and using our organizational tools effectively in a constantly changing environment
Executing the defined Service Desk processes with a strong attention to detail
Receiving constructive feedback and demonstrating improvement
Answering incoming requests, tracking information in the IT ticketing system, and resolving requests in a timely manner
Escalating unresolved issues to the proper escalated support team
Troubleshooting basic end user issues on various software applications,
Providing outstanding customer service and follow through on all issues to distributed GDT Team members
Triaging new issues and requests from inbound Service Desk and customer created incidents, providing immediate support according to the escalation process.
Troubleshooting end user query issues

Working knowledge of Data platforms such as Teradata, and Big Data platforms, Tableau, Collibra, Informatica and Business Objects
Intermediate skills in SQL
Ability to provide remote technical support over chat and phone
Troubleshoot moderate data issues
Strong communication skills
Strong customer focus
Strong trouble shooting & problem solving skills
Minimum 2 year technical development or support experience
Knowledge of Business Intelligence, Data Warehousing and Big Data tools
Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems.
1-4 years of progressive IT support experience.
Background in IT ticketing systems.
