Company Description

Broadridge, a global fintech leader with over $4 billion in revenue, provides communications, technology, data, and analytics. We help drive business transformation for our clients with solutions for enriching client engagement, navigating risk, optimizing efficiency, and generating revenue growth. Broadridge employs over 10,000 full-time associates globally with a significant presence in North America, Europe, and Asia. Please visit our website at www.broadridge.com to learn more.
Job Description

Broadridge is growing! We are seeking a new Mutual Fund Data Analyst. In this role, you will serve as the primary liaison between Broadridge and our clients during the contract renewal (15c) process, and build ad hoc requests as needed. Your work deeply influences our corporate reputation as the top tier third-party provider of fiduciary reports in the mutual fund industry. You will communicate our methodology to clients as well as act as project manager to ensure reports are crafted accurately and on-time.

This is a long term temporary contract role

General Responsibilities:
You will supply specialized analysis of funds and fund advice to corporate and/or institutional clients in assessment of performance of a fund manager, specifically related to Section 15(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940
Performs due diligence, statistical analysis and documentation in support of 15(c) client needs
You'll implement and explain Broadridge’s 15(c) methodology to both internal and external partners
Assists all phases of production and packaging of 15(c) materials
You will serve as the primary contact for all internal and external inquires related to client projects
Perform quality control checks on completed projects, as needed
Key Competencies
Ability to run projects with flexibility to handle frequently changing deadlines
Strong written and oral interpersonal skills
Thrives in a rapidly changing environment
Willing and able to work with a team
Excel, Word, InDesign, PowerPoint, Acrobat experience preferred
Presentation skills preferred
Statistical skills
Detail-oriented
Critical thinking and analytical skills, i.e. the ability to make decisions and assess risk
Highly organized
Able to build and maintain positive relationships both internally and with clients
Experience required
College degree required
Mutual fund or finance industry experience preferred
Proven successful project management skills
Ability to combine information from various sources
#LI-AH1
