Greenwood Village, Colorado
Skills : SQL,ETL,Linux,Data Managent
Description : Telecommunications Industry
Insights Engineer
6 Month Contract; extensions possible
Greenwood Village, CO 80111

Required Qualifications:
5-7+ years data experience
SQL
ETL
Linux
AWS
Tableau or PowerBI
Bonus Skills:
Cable/telecom background
Spark
Hadoop
GIT
PIG
YAML
Responsibilities:

Work alongside other Insights Engineers as well as Data Engineers
Main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, working cross functionally with multiple groups and performing some user acceptance testing.
To succeed in this role, the ideal candidate should have strong organizational skills; an analytical way of thinking; and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users.
Evaluate business features, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and handing off requirements to be developed/ implemented.
Lead ongoing reviews of requirements, roadmaps, and developing optimization strategies.
Work with multiple groups to identify metrics, then determine and prioritize work into a backlog.
Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
Gather critical information from meetings with various stakeholders to create actionable improvements to analytics.
Ensure solutions meet business needs and requirements by testing and working with testing group for high quality implementations.
Manage multiple projects, developing plans, and monitoring performance.
Update, implement and maintain procedures.
Prioritize initiatives based on business needs and requirements.
Serve as a liaison between stakeholders to manage expectations and work through competing priorities.
Monitor deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.
Ad hoc Support – proficient in SQL (Hive)
Responsible for Developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other BI solutions.
SQL,ETL,Linux,Data Managent
