Weston Solutions, Inc. is an Engineering and Environmental Consulting Firm that has been providing munitions response and range solutions to our federal, state and commercial clients for more than 2 decades. As a significant investor in advanced geophysical classification technologies, Weston strives to maintain a diverse self-perform capability and technological mindset. Our DoD accredited Geophysical Classification Organization is realizing rapid growth through our diverse portfolio of contract vehicles and task order awards.

Our team has a position open for a Lead Geophysical Data Analyst. As the Lead Geophysical Data Analyst you will serve as Westons national technical leader for geophysical data processing and analysis. In this role, you will perform, direct or mentor other geophysicists in data processing and analysis for Westons munitions response projects. You will ensure project objectives are being achieved at a high level of quality and provide technically feasible, cost-effective solutions to our customers.

Additional duties related to this position include:
Serve in both Project Geophysicist and QC Geophysicist roles as needed.
Select and utilize various types of geophysical instruments and ancillary components to include high precision global positioning systems, inertial motion sensors and software to control and integrate the geophysical system as a whole.
Develop and/or expand operating procedures to standardize data management, processing, analysis, storage and reporting across multiple projects and programs.
Perform geophysical data processing and analysis for traditional digital geophysical mapping surveys and as part of advanced classification methods to include informed source selection/ screening during dynamic detection surveys and data collected as part of cued surveys.
Completes Data Usability Assessments.
Confirms companywide geophysical projects are being conducted in a manner to assure technical completeness, accuracy and ingenuity and identifies and secures additional expertise where needed.
Responsible for the overall technical quality and proficiency for data processing and analysis.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Bachelors degree in geophysics, geology, closely related field or equivalent demonstrated proficiency with advanced geophysical methods and concepts related to munitions response.
Must have 5+ years, preferably 10+ years, of recent and directly related munitions response geophysical experience.
Must have demonstrated experience and a high level of proficiency for using Geosoft UX-Analyze and other accredited software to fully process and independently analyze a range of advanced EMI instrument survey data at a minimum to include MetalMapper 2x2.
Experience with the theoretical and practical aspects of detecting and selecting a wide range of targets of interest and non-targets of interest.
Should be familiar with current guidance for conducting munitions response geophysical surveys.
