Summary

The Data Analyst will be responsible for developing SQL databases, queries, procedures, views, functions and custom reports. This position will be developing contact center related enterprise data warehouse (CC-EDW). This CC-EDW will house data from multiple sources. Additionally, this position will utilize data blending and data modeling to produce cradle-to-grave reporting. Some examples of data sources are inbound calls, outbound calls, caller survey data, emails, chat sessions, automated dialer calls, etc. This position will have the benefit of creating a Data warehouse and its entire support process rather than maintaining and improving an existing process.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities
Responsible for the development and maintenance of Welldyne’s centralized contact center reporting process.
Interface with departmental leadership to gather reporting requirements.
Design and develop data warehouse platform, capabilities, data schemas, and models.
Develop SQL queries and SQL programmability to satisfy data and reporting requirements.
Design, build, and maintain ETL pipelines to support data and analytical needs.
Advanced level of SQL programming for data analysis is required.
Additional duties as assigned.

Education and Experience
Must have experience creating an EDW from inception.
Requirements gathering
Business matrix design
Schema documentation
Must have previous development experience working within a contact/call center environment.
5+ years of experience developing complex T-SQL procedures, query performance tunings, and SSIS packages.
5+ years of experience working with Microsoft SQL Server SSAS and SSRS.
5+ years of experience in data mining (i.e., SQL, ETL, complex data warehouse).
3+ years of experience with xml.
3+ years of experience with .net Framework.
5+ years of experience working with BI tools such as Tableau.
5+ years of experience developing data warehouses, operational data store, and/or data marts.
Six-Sigma Green Belt or higher is a highly preferred
Work Environment / Physical Demands

This position is in a typical office environment which requires prolonged sitting in front of a computer. Requires hand-eye coordination and manual dexterity sufficient to operate standard office equipment including operation of standard computer and phone equipment. May have occasional high stress when dealing with customers/clients. Some travel may be required.

EOE M/F/D/V
