This senior individual contributor is primarily responsible for driving strategic data-informed decisions, gathering data and information on targeted variables in an established systematic fashion, and preparing data for analytic efforts. This position drives the execution of creative data analytic approaches leading to actionable outcomes across functional areas, business and/or clinical lines, interprets complex data analyses, and leads the development of advanced analytical and/or statistical models enabling informed business decisions.

Essential Responsibilities:
Identifies and evaluates emerging trends in health insurance and health care. Practices self-leadership and promotes learning in others by building relationships with cross-functional stakeholders; communicating information and providing advice to drive projects forward; influencing team members within assigned unit; listening and responding to, seeking, and addressing performance feedback; adapting to competing demands and new responsibilities; providing feedback to others, including upward feedback to leadership and mentoring junior team members; creating and executing plans to capitalize on strengths and develop weaknesses; and adapting to and learning from change, difficulties, and feedback.
Conducts or oversees business-specific projects by applying deep expertise in subject area; promoting adherence to all procedures and policies; developing work plans to meet business priorities and deadlines; determining and carrying out processes and methodologies; coordinating and delegating resources to accomplish organizational goals; partnering internally and externally to make effective business decisions; solving complex problems; escalating issues or risks as appropriate; monitoring progress and results; recognizing and capitalizing on improvement opportunities; and evaluating recommendations made by others.
Interprets complex data analyses by applying findings to contextual settings; and developing insights, reports, and presentations telling a compelling story to stakeholders to enable and influence decision making; participating in peer reviews; and providing context related to data interpretations and/or limitations as appropriate.
Leads the development of advanced analytical and/or statistical models enabling informed business decisions by determining data and analytical requirements; translating models and gaining stakeholder buy-in for implementation; creating complex models leading to actionable insights; and testing, refining, and validating models.
Drives the execution of creative data analytic approaches leading to actionable outcomes across functional areas, business and/or clinical lines by defining and calculating complex metrics to be analyzed; defining, calculating, and validating algorithms; and conducting complex analyses, including descriptive, correlational, inferential, and/or predictive statistics.
Prepares data for analytic efforts by integrating and consolidating data; ensuring data quality and accuracy; profiling data inaccuracies and recommending process improvements or system changes to enhance overall quality of the data; collaborating with stakeholders and source system owners to resolve data quality issues as appropriate; and cleaning and creating final data set(s) for analysis.
Gathers data and information on targeted variables in an established systematic fashion by validating data sources; querying, merging, and extracting data across internal and external sources; completing routine data refresh and update; developing and/or delivering complex tools for electronic data collection; and providing user training, support, and documentation.
Drives strategic data-informed decisions by consulting with clients and leadership to identify and clarify key business needs across functional areas, business and/or clinical lines; developing outcomes and process measures; translating business requirements; determining data/information needs and data collection methods; developing complex analysis plans; evaluating the impact of business decisions on clients, customers, and/or members; partnering with clients and staff to identify opportunities and methods to improve efficiencies with analysis; supporting and training end-users; and documenting processes and deliverables.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
Minimum ten (10) years' experience in data analytics required.
Education
Master's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Social/Physical/Life Science, Business, or related field.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A

Additional Requirements:
N/A

Preferred Qualifications:
Six (6) years health insurance experience preferred.
EMC Data Science Associate (EMCDSA).
Certified Authorization Professional (CAP).
Oracle Business Intelligence (OBI).
Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE).

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
