About CenturyLink

CenturyLink (NYSE: CTL) is the second largest U.S. communications provider to global enterprise customers. With customers in more than 60 countries and an intense focus on the customer experience, CenturyLink strives to be the worlds best networking company by solving customers increased demand for reliable and secure connections. The company also serves as its customers trusted partner, helping them manage increased network and IT complexity and providing managed network and cyber security solutions that help protect their business.
Job Summary
Data Analysts transform data into information that can be utilized to make business decisions and actions. This role involves acquiring data from other sources, creating reports on a regular basis, correcting any issues, and ensuring that databases remain error-free and organized. This job is well-suited to people who are organized, have strong mathematical abilities, and work well as part of a team.
Job Description
Gather data from primary or secondary sources, which you maintain using organized data systems.
Interpret data using statistical techniques to interpret the results from the data you acquired so that you can use the information to create regular reports.
Develop databases using data collection systems and analytical techniques, or other strategies to optimize the statistical efficiency and quality of the data you work with. This includes filtering and cleaning the data by reviewing reports and performance indicators to correct any anomalies.
Identify and interpret any patterns or useful trends in complex data sets.
Partner with management to prioritize business needs and stay up to date with the goals of the organization as they evolve. Will also work with other departments to find new ways to improve opportunities.
Qualifications
Analytical thinking – spot trends and anomalies within statistical data, to include using reporting and statistics tools
Mathematics skills – good understanding of basic accounting/financial practices, statistical analysis techniques, capacity planning strategies, forecasting algorithms, and other similar math skills
Computer skills – work with various software packages, from reporting tools to statistical applications. Strong job candidates will need to be able to quickly pick up new computer programs and use them efficiently
Report writing skills – have experience with preparing reports for multiple levels of the organization
Organization skills – ability to stay organized while working in dynamic environment where numerous projects occur at the same time is a must.
Team collaboration – strong communication and interpersonal skills are needed to work as part of a team, coordinating closely with other departments within a company.
Possess a thorough understanding of how to use these types of tools properly:
Statistical and analytical tools (e.g., Microsoft Power BI, Excel, Access, SQL)
Reporting and publishing tools (e.g., Microsoft Power Point, Visio, SharePoint, Teams)
Programming tools (e.g., XML, JavaScript, ETL frameworks)
Education
Bachelors or Equivalent in Mathematics
Masters or Equivalent in Statistics or Business

Alternate Location: US-Arizona-Glendale; US-Arizona-Phoenix; US-California-Irvine; US-California-Los Angeles; US-California-San Francisco; US-California-San Jose; US-California-Santa Clara; US-California-Sunnyvale; US-Colorado-Broomfield; US-District of Columbia-Washington; US-Idaho-Boise; US-Illinois-Chicago; US-Indiana-Indianapolis; US-Iowa-Iowa City; US-Louisiana-Monroe; US-Michigan-Detroit; US-Michigan-Hale; US-Michigan-Hope; US-Michigan-Jackson; US-Michigan-Kalamazoo; US-New York-Albany; US-North Carolina-Fayetteville; US-North Carolina-Madison; US-North Carolina-Mamie; US-North Carolina-Raleigh; US-Ohio-Akron; US-Ohio-Alexandria; US-Ohio-Amherst; US-Ohio-Andover; US-Ohio-Berlin Center; US-Ohio-Bucyrus; US-Ohio-Caledonia; US-Ohio-Cortland; US-Ohio-Crooksville; US-Ohio-Cygnet; US-Oregon-Bend; US-Pennsylvania-Butler; US-Pennsylvania-Carlisle; US-Pennsylvania-Chambersburg; US-Pennsylvania-Coudersport; US-Pennsylvania-Erie; US-Rhode Island-Providence; US-South Carolina-Beaufort; US-South Carolina-Charleston; US-South Carolina-Estill; US-Washington-Seattle; US-Washington-Shelton; US-Washington-Silverdale; US-Washington-Spokane; US-Washington-Tukwila; US-Washington-Vancouver; US-Wisconsin-Boyceville; US-Wisconsin-Brookfield; US-Wisconsin-Glenwood City; US-Wisconsin-La Crosse; US-Work From Home-Work At Home; US-Wyoming-Cheyenne; US-Wyoming-Cody; US-Wyoming-Douglas; US-Wyoming-Evanston; US-Wyoming-Wright

Requisition #: 221431

This job may require successful completion of an online assessment. A brief description of the assessments can be viewed on our website at http://find.centurylink.jobs/testguides/

EEO Statement

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, ancestry, citizenship, national origin, religion, veteran status, disability, genetic characteristic or information, age, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, family status, pregnancy, or other legally protected status (collectively, protected statuses). We do not tolerate unlawful discrimination in any employment decisions, including recruiting, hiring, compensation, promotion, benefits, discipline, termination, job assignments or training.

Disclaimer

The above job definition information has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. Job duties and responsibilities are subject to change based on changing business needs and conditions.
