Senior Health Data Analyst (SAS)

Telligen is one of the most respected health management organizations in the country. We enjoy a friendly work environment where everyone is dedicated to mutual trust, respect, and excellence. Telligen employee-owners are committed to finding innovative solutions, which makes us the first choice for a broad range of clients. We make a difference, in the lives of people, in the world of healthcare.

As a 100% employee-owned company, our employee-owners drive our business, our solutions and share in our success. Telligen attracts a highly qualified and diverse workforce who display deep dedication, unwavering integrity and willingness to support the communities in which we serve. We approach our vision to be one of the most sought-after companies to transform the health of populations by following through on our values of Ownership, Community, Ingenuity & Integrity.

As a Senior Health Data Analyst at Telligen, you will lead the planning, designing and coordinating implementation of optimal analytical reporting methods for specified health care analysis activities and projects. You will be responsible for developing optimal methodologies for presenting the results of the analysis.

The Gig:

You will write or revise statistical software programs using SAS or other statistical software.
You will coordinate technical development, testing, and documentation of the data analysis solution of analytical reporting activities with technical team members and coordinators. May develop and update documents pertaining to system or software and implement relational database design.
You will lead the planning, designing, and coordinating of the analytical reporting methods for health care analysis activities and projects.
You will coordinate the design of analytical reporting methodologies with end users at all levels.
You will perform maintenance and backup functions for database.
You will research and develop optimal methods of presentation of results.
You will ensure information is presented in a professional and understandable manner.
You will stay abreast of statistical technology and reporting methods.
You will direct the evaluation of various software to determine the most appropriate to use in project analysis and makes recommendations to management for improvements.
Serves as a resource and technical expert to clients and less experienced staff.
What you need to make the cut:
Four year degree in mathematics or related field and/or equivalent training and/or experience; Masters degree preferred
3 - 5 years experience in data analysis or design of analytical reports
Demonstrated experience using SAS
Experience in health care analysis and technical writing preferred
Experience with claims data preferred
Why Telligen... for over 45 years Telligen has been dedicated to the delivery of innovative health management solutions which improve the quality and cost-effectiveness of healthcare for consumers and providers. Telligen serves commercial clients and government programs at the federal, state and local level, improving health for millions of people nationwide.

Competitive pay and benefits. We offer comprehensive benefits including medical, dental, vision, HSA & flex spending accounts, life insurance, disability, 401(k) and an ESOP (Employee Stock Ownership Plan).
100% Employee-Owned. We have a culture where Ownership matters!
Life/Work Balance. Generous holiday, volunteer and paid time-off benefits.
Casual Dress. Come in a sweatshirt, jeans, whateverlike everyone else here.
Free Fruit Friday. You know what they say about an Apple a Day!
Giving Garden. Have a green thumb? Over 3,000 pounds of produce donated annually.
Wellness Program. Healthy employee-owners are engaged employee-owners and we are committed to providing many opportunities to motivate you along your well-being journey through our RevUP! wellness program.
Education. Tuition and education assistance & career related CEU's, license and certifications.
Community. Our Telligen Community Initiative has awarded more than $4 million in grant awards since 2005.

Interested? Now that you know a little about us, wed like to learn more about you. Please include a current resume with your application. We also highly recommend including a cover letter where you can highlight why you think youd be a great fit within the team... we promise we will read it all the way through!

Thank you for your interest in Telligen!
Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn to learn more about our mission-driven culture and stay up to speed.
www.telligen.com/careers

Telligen and our affiliates are Affirmative Action, Equal Opportunity Employers (EOE/M/F/Vet/Disability) and E-Verify Participants.

Telligen will not provide sponsorship for this position. If you will require sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, we cannot consider your application at this time.

Telligen does not accept 3rd party solicitations from outside staffing firms.
