Position:
Senior Data Analyst (Corporate Audit)
Job Description:


What Youll Be Doing:
Determine optimal utilization of applications and tools to develop and analyze audit testing / business risks.
Organize, create and analyze large-scale data sets.
Perform data analyses and question existing assumptions and processes.
Partner with cross-functional leaders to generate ideas/hypotheses/opportunities to drive business value through applied analytics and data visualization.
Interpret business needs and stakeholder requests into clearly defined requirements, functional specifications, user stories, and value statements.
Prepare and present findings and formal proposals to leadership and other key decision makers.
Ensure project and support efforts meet service level expectations of business stakeholders and drive quality through best practice, standards, and process observation.
Experience with analytics technology and various databases is required and may include Tableau, PowerBI, Alteryx, RPA technologies, SQL Server, and/or Oracle.
Participate in internal audits of selected areas within the organization, to include: determine data analysis needs during audit planning, completing task assignments within allotted timelines, provide audit analysis conclusions for areas of responsibility and participating in stakeholder meetings with local management.
Collaborate with Audit team members to plan the engagement and develop audit programs, timelines, budgets, risk assessments and other planning documents from a data analysis perspective.
Document work performed in work papers and report observations/findings.
Communicate your recommendations to both audit team and business / IT leaders.
Conducts hypothesis testing, extracts business insights and delivers outcome.
Mentors junior team members and acts as project team lead.
Identify and leverage best practice opportunities.
Integrate and work with various Audit teams to support overall Corporate Audit objectives and initiatives.
Solve complex problems; takes a new perspective using existing solutions.
Works independently; receives minimal guidance.
Acts as a resource for colleagues with less experience.
Contributes to process improvements.
What Were Looking For:
5+ years of Data Analytics with a 4 year Bachelors degree in Information Systems, IT, Business or related field of study
Knowledge of and direct experience with standardized reporting packages (e.g. PowerBI, Tableau, Alteryx, etc.), and databases (Oracle, SQL Server, etc.)
SQL proficiency with experience in constructing/deconstructing complex reports and queries
Strong communication skills (written and verbal) with the ability to articulate complex concepts to diverse audiences
An analytical mindset with problem solving ability and experience with data modeling
Even Better if You Have:
Internal/external audit experience
Understanding of data mining and process mining
Direct experience with implementing Robotic Process Automation (RPA)
Background in statistics
What We Offer at Arrow:

At Arrow, we are driving innovation and choice by offering employees a variety of benefits designed to keep you and your family physically and financially healthy.

Not only do we offer a competitive salary and work-life balance, we offer benefits to match your needs:
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance
401k, With Matching Contributions
Paid Time Off
Health Savings Account (HSA)/Health Reimbursement Account (HRA) Options
Growth Opportunities
Short-Term/Long-Term Disability Insurance
Discounted RTD Passes, with convenient office location off RTD Light Rail (Dry Creek Exit)
On-site Café with Catering Option for Busy Lifestyles
24/7/365 On-site Gym and Lockers, Free for Use to All Employees!
Free covered parking, included bicycle and motorcycle parking
And more!
Not ready to apply just yet? Join our Talent Community!

Arrow is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status. (Arrow EEO/AAP policy)

Location:
US-CO-Denver, Colorado (E Dry Creek Rd)
Time Type:
Full time
Job Category:
Accounting/Finance
