The Company

Mesirow Financial is an independent, employee-owned firm founded in 1937. As specialists in investment, risk management and advisory services, we are committed to helping our institutional, corporate, and individual clients achieve their objectives. We are proud of Mesirow’s culture of fostering team member engagement, entrepreneurship, and empowerment. Our positive culture, volunteerism, and opportunity for advancement makes Mesirow one of the few employers to be included in both Chicago Tribune’s Top Places to Work and Crain’s Best Places to Work in Chicago.

The Opportunity:

The successful candidate will be responsible for supporting the deal team in its’ business of structuring leveraged municipal Tender Option Bond transactions for institutional investors. Mesirow serves as Administrator on approximately 800 TOB trusts containing assets of $10bn. As a result of the Volcker Rule, Mesirow has built a successful business structuring TOB trusts as well as administering them on an ongoing basis. The environment is fast paced, requiring the ability to prioritize tasks as well as managing detail.

Responsibilities:
They will work with two senior members of the group to structure trusts, obtain ratings, hire counsel, liquidity providers, re-marketing agents, obtain CUSIP and DTC eligibility as well as structure trusts on the firm’s proprietary systems and calculate cash flows of the respective trusts.
There will be direct contact with the municipal sales and trading desks to coordinate trade entry and settlements.
Working with investor clients on trade settlements, cash flows, establishing and unwinding trusts, fulfilling data requests, and monitoring the portfolio.
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Finance or Accounting
Strong Excel skills.
Ability to manage multiple priorities within a fast-paced and evolving environment while maintaining thorough attention to detail.
Strong written and verbal communications skills.
Team player with a positive attitude and strong interpersonal skills.
Prior relevant work experience preferred.
EOE
