About Swiss Re

The Swiss Re Group is one of the world’s leading providers of reinsurance, insurance and other forms of insurance-based risk transfer, working to make the world more resilient. It anticipates and manages risk – from natural catastrophes to climate change, from ageing populations to cybercrime. The aim of the Swiss Re Group is to enable society to thrive and progress, creating new opportunities and solutions for its clients. Headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, where it was founded in 1863, the Swiss Re Group operates through a network of around 80 offices globally. It is organised into three Business Units, each with a distinct strategy and set of objectives contributing to the Group’s overall mission.

About the Programme
We are looking for graduates with strong interpersonal skills, who are eager to learn and broaden their knowledge and expertise. You have a Bachelor, Master or PhD degree, complemented with initial professional experience gained in internships – we invite you to apply to our graduates@swissre programme 2021.

The programme offers you the opportunity to join the dynamic, fast-moving world of a leading risk knowledge organisation. Over an 18-month period, you’ll receive on-and-off-the-job training, including a job rotation that gives you the opportunity to work across different business units.

About the role
This is your opportunity to join one of the world's leading reinsurers and a team of motivated investment professionals within Swiss Re's Asset Management (AM) unit! Do you have a passion for financial markets and long-term, sustainable investing? Do you like financial market analysis supporting investment action? In this role, we are looking for someone to contribute to key investment initiatives, support processes and coordinate management information materials along our investment activity. You will join AM's Financial Markets Programme which is a team of highly motivated analysts, working closely with senior investment professionals and contributing to broader cross-department work. Your key accountabilities may include:
Market research and ad-hoc analysis related to the investment portfolio and its performance, asset classes or the investment outlook.
Conduct monitoring activities of AM's investments or market developments in general and participate in meetings with key external market participants.
Coordinate key processes such as evaluation of new investments, external manager reviews, and implementation of new investment programmes.
Prepare key materials and analysis for Swiss Re's Business Units and subsidiaries, and coordinate the preparation of committee materials.
Work on daily tasks, such as market / monitoring report production, meeting preparation, and ad hoc items.
Support cross-department projects and initiatives, e.g. related to new technology applications, responsible investing, or definition of the strategic asset allocation.

About the team
As the AM division we are investing the assets generated from our core insurance and reinsurance business. We drive sustainable performance by following a long-term oriented investment approach and focus on a high-quality investment portfolio. As a diverse team of investment professionals, we ensure a strong contribution to Swiss Re's financial performance. In addition, we also support the company's thought leadership on long-term and responsible investing themes, and act as a "Centre of Excellence" for financial market expertise.

You will be working with high-potential employees in close interaction with other financial market professionals from the various investment teams, while reporting into the Head Financial Markets Programme (FMP).

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

About You
Successfully completed university degree in Finance, Science (Math / Physics) or Economics. CFA or actuarial qualification is a plus but not mandatory.
You demonstrate a good understanding of financial market functioning, data analysis and/or actuarial science
You show a strong interest in/motivation to learn about insurance/reinsurance.
Proficiency in MS Office applications. VB programming, Bloomberg skills are a plus.
You are fluent in English, with an aptitude to express yourself effectively in one-on-one conversations and small group
Highly motivated, with an open mind set, and eager to learn.
Strong research and analytical skills, with the ability to apply concepts to financial markets in a rigorous and timely manner.
Able to focus and pay attention to detail without losing track of the bigger picture.
Capacity to readily adapt to a changing and dynamic environment as well as being innovative and showing a high degree of own initiative.
Team-player, willingness to contribute actively to the overall team spirit.
Very good communication and interpersonal skills and ready to be mobile in terms of workplace or location.
Well-organized and structured approach to problem solving and able to maintain high quality even under time pressure.

Swiss Re
