At Gannett Fleming, we believe in improving the lives of the people we serve. We believe in innovation and social responsibility. We believe in the diversity of our team and the creative solutions they provide. We believe in embracing change and emerging technologies while maintaining an unmatched standard of quality. We believe in creating an environment where employees can thrive at home and at work. We believe in engaging our employees, building lasting relationships with our clients, and, in turn, making a difference in the world.
Excellence Delivered As Promised. It’s more than a slogan. It’s our standard. It’s the expectation we place upon ourselves as individuals and as a company. It represents our commitment to our valued clients, industry partners, and employees. It’s our earnest pledge to do what we say. It’s the core of who we are as a firm and the foundation upon which all of our relationships and projects are built.

What You Will Do
Gannett Fleming's Tolling and Advanced Mobility team is looking for a Business / Tolling Analyst to work closely with experienced project managers and internal stakeholders to develop business cases, problem statements, and specifications to deliver business value to Gannett Fleming tolling and transportation clients in Northern and Southern California. Performs complex data and business process analysis to identify opportunities for improvement, need for additional decision-support tools and information, and to arrive at actionable recommendations that can be implemented to improve business outcomes. Detailed responsibilities include the following:
Gather and interpret customer business needs via interviews, business process analysis, surveys, site visits, use cases, task and workflow analysis, scenario planning, and by conducting workshops to elaborate requirements/specifications
Monitor and track Key Performance Indicators (KPI) required for the program on a daily, monthly and annual basis
Lead or participate on internal projects and manage the successful execution of projects coordinating the activities of a multidisciplinary team of professionals
Concisely document business needs in a manner that conveys clear understanding to other team members and customer stakeholders
Effectively communicate and collaborate with internal team members and external stakeholders to establish a technical vision, analyzing trade-offs between usability and performance
Analyze information needs and business challenges to determine how to best address these needs through the delivery of customized decision support tools and services
Produce feasibility reports based upon compiled research, advice of subject matter experts and exercise of expert judgment
Identify solution options, recommend new reports, and assess on both technical and business suitability dimensions
Create innovative solutions to complex problems
Keep up to date with technical as well as industry developments and trends

Minimum Qualifications
College degree within an Economics/Business, Engineering, Math, Statistics and / or Technology related discipline
2+ years’ experience in a high-volume data/transaction environment.
A systematic approach to problem solving with a high attention to detail.
Excellent commercial, analytical and business case development skills.
Professional oral and written (presentation/data visualization) communication.
Business process engineering skills.
Excellent MS Excel and database capabilities.
Ability to present with confidence and prepare concise and complete Executive Summaries.


Life at Gannett Fleming
For more than 100 years, we’ve been a leader in global infrastructure solutions with a focus on planning, design, technology, and construction management services for a diverse array of markets and disciplines. Across more than 60 offices, 2,500+ highly qualified professionals are united in an unyielding commitment to deliver excellence to every client and every project, every day.
Gannett Fleming is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veterans status or other characteristics protected by law.
Gannett Fleming will not sponsor an employment visa (e.g., H-1B visa), including any visa renewal during employment, for any candidate for this position. No relocation assistance will be provided for this position. Local residents will be given preference.
NO AGENCIES PLEASE: Unsolicited resumes from third party agencies will not be accepted.
Location: Los Angeles CA or New York City, Newark New Jersey
Working Hours: 8 AM – 5 PM
Employment Status: Full-time
Internal Requisition ID: 2020-6508
