About Us:

NYSTEC is a non-profit technology consulting company, advising agencies, organizations, institutions, and businesses since 1996. Were independent and vendor-neutral so we have our clients best interests at heart. At NYSTEC, we know that we succeed when individuals and teams flourish personally and professionally, so our benefits and perks support this mindset. Are you ready to contribute to our engaged workforce and deliver the NYSTEC Experience?

About the Role:

As a Business Analyst in the Health Systems Transformation practice, you will collaborate with team members to conceptualize, deliver, and support our clients through today's ever-changing healthcare landscape. NYSTEC is considered a trusted program advisor, providing subject matter expertise, and connecting the dots for our clients. Over the last five years, NYSTEC has consulted on some of the largest DOH initiatives and served in various roles across a multitude of New York State and New York City healthcare technology systems.

Serving as a Business Analyst, your day-to-day role as a NYSTEC consultant will include engagement of stakeholders, elicitation and prioritization of stakeholder requirements, research and assessment of the existing technology, performing data analysis, and supporting quality assurance operations across NYC public health registries.

Key Responsibilities

Support Project Manager in defining and prioritizing project tasks.
Research and document project landscape.
Conduct stakeholder engagement sessions to identify system and policy requirements.
Analyze and prioritize requirements and identify associated risks.
Develop, execute and manage software test plan with cases.
Develop system documentation and supporting artifacts.
Perform situation quality assurance on data sets.

About You:

Required Qualifications

Business analysis experience required, including full SDLC implementation experience, requirements elicitation and landscape analysis
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Healthcare experience
Experience working on collaborative, cross-functional teams

Preferred/Desired Qualifications

Business Analysis Certification a plus (PMI or IIBA)

Education and Experience

A minimum of a Bachelor's degree with at least 3 years of related experience in Business Analysis is required. An equivalent combination of advanced education, training, and experience will be considered.

If youre an effective communicator who enjoys working in complex and collaborative environments, utilizing your critical thinking and research skills to develop solutions for clients, providing support to customers, and have the required education, experience and skills, we want to hear from you.

It is NYSTEC's policy to provide equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all individuals, regardless of actual or perceived race, color, creed, religion, sex or gender (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), gender identity or gender expression (including transgender status), age, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, protected medical condition as defined by applicable state or local law, genetic information, military service and veteran status, sexual orientation, marital status, , or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal law and ordinances. NYSTEC is strongly committed to this policy and believes in the concept and spirit of the law.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States without the need for visa sponsorship now or in the future.

Learn More About NYSTEC www.nystec.com
