Digital Analyst

Hackensack, NJ

At Upfield our purpose is clear: we make people healthier and happier with nutritious and delicious, natural, plant-based products that are good for you, our planet; and with packaging that's free from plastic. We've got iconic brands like, Country Crock, I Can't Believe It's Not Butter! and Imperial that people all over the world know and love. We've been a trusted category leader since 1871 and yet we feel like we're only just getting started.

Performance, Passion and Care define who we are as a company, how we work every day, and the responsibility we feel toward each other, our consumers, our business partners and our world.

We have a passion to grow this business and we're looking for the right people to share our passion those that love what they do, come to play every day and not sit on the sidelines, and are looking for exciting career opportunities.

About the Role!

The Digital Analyst will be responsible for analyzing and identifying opportunities from digital and offline data sources including web behavior, marketing initiatives, A/B testing, 3rd party/1st party data, and lift analysis, translating data into meaningful summaries and recommendations for leadership. This position will develop and monitor KPIs along with the implementation of essential analytics in support of Upfield North America's digital operations.

Reporting to the Digital Director, the Digital Analyst will manage the implementation and reporting of analytics across the division's portfolio of brands. This role is critical in providing insights to key stake holders to assist in the growth of our strategic initiatives. The Digital Analyst will develop and maintain strong relationships with brand managers and global digital team, collaborating on solutions across web analytics and marketing programs.

The role requires extensive experience in implementing web analytics tools, Salesforce DMP and CRM platforms, along with developing new methods for internal reporting.

Main Responsibilities
Use various analytics tools to track, report, and analyze website performance, customer trends and visitor behavior.
Design and create daily, weekly, monthly, yearly Digital dashboards to help monitor performance for all key indicators.
Proactively develop analysis such as segmentation and site analysis; highlight observations and business context to deliver actionable recommendations to brand managers, beyond basic reporting.
Conduct advanced analyses for Sr. Management to help identify key audience segments, understand usage patterns and highlight risks/opportunities.
Define business requirements, implement and test all data requirements to support accurate tagging implementation both for web analytics and marketing programs.
Ensure process adherence and data standards are maintained for ongoing and accurate tracking.
Assist Brand Managers in the development and management of the division's data management platform (DMP) for audience targeting.
Participate in the design, set up, and evaluation of A/B and multivariate testing.
Regularly present high-level summaries to key stakeholders.
Assist on day-to-day operations of the research team; prioritizing deliverables and balancing support for key stakeholders.
Analyze and document the impact of online marketing tactics, site changes, events and other key drivers of website performance.
Staying apprised of industry trends, best practices and emerging technologies to drive ongoing improvements to available analytics.
About you!

Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in business, finance, economics, statistics, or related field.
3+ years of related experience.
Expert proficiency in web analytics tools, tag management systems, and Salesforce DMP and CRM platforms.
Ability to create segments and calculated metrics.
High productivity with Microsoft Excel: Ability to utilize formulas, filters, and pivot tables to expedite the completion of tasks.
Familiarity with SAS, QL, and/or Tableau a plus.
Experience with ingestion of data from vendors and advertisers alike.
Creation and management of audience targeting segments.
Must be detailed oriented with logical problem-solving skills; ability to identify problems with data quality and minimize reporting errors.
Knowledgeable about research, technology and media industry trends.
Ability to work collaboratively acting as a subject matter expert within a team environment to help define and meet measurement criteria and goals.
Outstanding organizational skills and dedication to quality and integrity.
Ability to contribute effectively in a fast-paced, entrepreneurial environment.
Must be a self-motivator and enjoy sifting through large amounts of data.
Strong business acumen and ability to present to senior management.
Clear and effective communicator; excellent written and verbal skills.
You'll have to enjoy working in a fast-paced environment and it will take hard work and determination; we will give you the ownership you need to make an impact.

You'll have to deliver on the commitments you make. And we'll give you the freedom and flexibility to do your job and build your own career.

At Upfield we want you to bring your ideas, your motivation and desire to succeed! This part of the role is up to you to complete.

About Upfield!

We are the largest plant-based company in the world, and we believe in doing what's right for our people, our customers and the planet.

We are a highly entrepreneurial fast-paced team running a multi-billion Euro business across 60+ countries with the mind-set of a start-up! We are agile, creative, fast-to-market and obsessed with customers and consumers.

#LI-KJ1
