Job Description
Title: Business Solutions Analyst, Telecom Console Operations Project
Job ID: KZ44488276

Our client is looking for a Business Solutions Analyst who will support their Console Operations Project. You will ensure all business requirements have been documented and approved by the Business and IT Stakeholders and Sponsors. Interview business, document requirements, prepare use cases and facilitate the User Acceptance Testing. Assist with business KPIs, methods of reporting to reflect results and will assist with technological enhancements that will meet those KPIs. Interface with all levels of management, project team both internally and externally including all associated vendors.

Responsibilities:
Interview local managers and call‐handling associates.
Transcribe the current processes including lead managers’ reporting processes and metrics. Include a traceability and create use cases, test scripts and facilitate the User Acceptance Testing for business acceptance of the entire platform.
Understand and contribute as a project team member with regards to the contact center Cisco solution including IVR call flows, speech recognition, voice and screen recording, workforce management, screen pops, softphone and reporting.
Support IT and staff readiness to provide the appropriate end‐user training.
Serves as liaison with vendors and H+H IT regarding go‐live requirements.
Develop policies and procedures for go‐live implementation
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree or correlated experience.
5+ years’ experience with project management practices and processes. The ideal candidate has extensive experience in customer‐facing roles.
Nice to have: Telecom knowledge and experience
Strong writing and reading comprehension skills as well as excellent business etiquette
Excellent computer skills, including comfort with to Microsoft applications including PowerPoint, Excel, Word, and Outlook and willingness to learn new customer relations and information management systems
For more information about TEEMA and to consider other career opportunities, please visit our website at www.teemagroup.com
