A pioneer in K–12 education since 2000, Amplify is leading the way in next-generation curriculum and assessment. Our captivating core and supplemental programs in ELA, math, and science engage all students in rigorous learning and inspire them to think deeply, creatively, and for themselves. Our formative assessment products turn data into practical instructional support to help students at every skill level build a strong foundation in early reading and math. Our programs provide teachers with powerful tools that help them understand and respond to the needs of all their students. Today, Amplify serves five million students in all 50 states.

Amplify is looking for a talented individual to join our organization as a Business Systems Analyst. This position will be a vital member of the team responsible for delivering advanced technology solutions and enhancements across the organization. This role will work to ensure that solutions align with company goals by translating business requirements into functional definitions, clarifying requests for development and QA, and conducting User Acceptance Testing (UAT) in an agile development life cycle. This person will also support strategic initiatives for the company and troubleshoot and fix complex user issues.

Responsibilities:
Obtain requirements for advanced system enhancements and document in the format of user stories and acceptance criteria
Review processes and procedures and provide recommendations to management regarding ways to optimize efficiencies
Create business workflows that support and outline the processes the business follows to perform its functions
Delegate tasks to team members, ensure all deadlines are met, and address and resolve escalated issues
Leverage various datasets to solve complex issues and drive business decisions.
Perform/facilitate User Acceptance Testing (UAT), organize information for Change Control meetings, and obtain necessary approval for the release and deployment of system changes
Document system enhancements for the end-user and provide training sessions if needed
Troubleshoot and resolve issues relating to the configuration of the ERP System
Collaborate with the Business Systems team to define, approve, and prioritize strategic projects; plan and execute projects by documenting requirements and conducting UAT; and offering suggestions for system or process solutions to solve business needs
Evaluate and research best practices for department and cross-department strategic initiatives.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree. In Technology or business-related practice.
5 years of experience as a Business Analyst or related experience
Experience with ERP systems (Preferably Netsuite)
Experience with one or more of the following SaaS platforms: Salesforce, Netsuite Workday
Experience with Operations, manufacturing and vendor management
Experience with Data management concepts and workflows.
Required Skills and Knowledge:
Solid research, analysis, and problem-solving skills
Experience communicating technical information to non-technical teams in a concise and understandable manner
Ability to work in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment
Ability to successfully coordinate with professionals and managers/leaders internally and externally to meet timelines and requirements
Experience creating and delivering high-quality presentations on relevant topics to diverse audiences


Preferred Qualifications:
Six Sigma, Lean, or comparable certifications.
PMP Certification
Supply Chain Experience
Experience working with Agile Methodologies
Background in the K-12 education industry
Knowledge of Agile methodologies and best practices.
Master’s degree in computer science or an MBA.
NetSuite Suite Foundations Certification
NetSuite Administrator Certification.
We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. To that end, we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.

Amplify is an Equal Opportunity Employer of Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.

This position may be funded, in whole or in part, through American Recovery & Reinvestment Act funds.

Amplify Education, Inc. is an E-Verify participant.
