The Data Analyst is an integral member of the global commercial data and analytics team driving commercial insights and opportunities for the world's largest English language newspaper website, DailyMail.com. This is a unique opportunity to work in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment, with wide exposure to ad-tech and big data platforms.

The Data Analyst will be responsible for maintaining and optimizing the global commercial data systems, identifying methods to maximize commercial performance and providing business insights to internal stakeholders. This individual will have a genuine passion for digital media and data technology.

DailyMail.com is a division of UK-based DMGT, an international portfolio of digital, information, media and events businesses, which employs over 12,000 people and is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE:DMGT.L).

Specific Responsibilities
Participate in cross-functional projects using advanced data modeling and analysis techniques to discover insights that will guide strategic decisions and uncover optimization opportunities.
Develop and maintain big data infrastructure, reporting systems and data models that support key business decisions.
Develop and maintain data visualization dashboards to allow data access to necessary stakeholders.
Evaluate the configuration and performance of commercial practices against key indicators.
Continuously monitor yield across platforms and offer innovative recommendations to internal teams to boost performance and generate new revenue.
Work cross-functionally with teams including Operations, Sales, Marketing, Finance and Analytics to provide excellent customer service in support of DailyMail.com clients and revenue goals.
Desired Experience and Skills

Required:
B.A. or B.S. in a quantitative or technical field (e.g., math, engineering, statistics, computer science).
High proficiency in Excel, SQL, Python
Possess quantitative skills with a creative problem-solving mindset.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Strong project management skills and ability to meet deadlines
Preferred:
Digital media and ad-tech experience is a plus
Familiarity with R, Scala, Spark, Airflow
Google Cloud (Storage, BigQuery, Compute Engine, Kubernetes Engine)
About MailOnline


MailOnline is one of the world's leading newspaper websites with more than 12 million daily unique visitors spending an average of 145 million minutes consuming its content each day across the globe, of which 77% is from direct traffic. MailOnline offers a unique amalgam of fresh, sensational, breaking and reliable news with over 1,600 stories, 800 videos and more than 12,800 photos posted daily. With newsrooms in New York, Los Angeles, London, and Sydney, Dailymail.com uses its massive homepage to deliver the exclusive content people need and want to know.

DailyMailTV brings the best of DailyMail.com, the world's most read English-language newspaper website, to life on television, with an edgy, fast-paced daily show featuring the hottest headlines, trending topics and celebrity breaking news from around the world.

Daily Mail North America is a division of UK-based DMGT, an international portfolio of digital, information, media and events businesses, which employs over 12,000 people and is listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE:DMGT.L).
