The Operations Regulatory Control (ORC) Change Teams primary responsibility is to execute regulatory change initiatives in Operations Control. Its remit includes:
• Implementation of new regulations
• Remediate issues noted by regulators and auditors
• Build controls strategic framework

Primary purpose of this role is to act as a change professional in addressing regulatory changes and developing controls for recent regulatory reforms.

Responsibilities:
Establishes and oversees the application of operational risk policies, technology and tools, and governance processes to create lasting solutions for minimizing losses from failed internal processes, inadequate controls, and emerging risks.
Independently assess risks and drive actions to address the root causes that persistently lead to operational risk losses by challenging both historical and proposed practices.
Governance and oversight may include (not limited to) technology operational risk, risk for example.
Serves as a subject matter expert for Issues Management (KPI/KRI/Corrective Action Plans)
Resolves transactional level escalations coming from the vendor or internal partners
Analyzes a multitude of scorecards/performance management tools in an attempt to mitigate exposure (risk/financial/regulatory)
Monitors goals are met through performance, risk and relationship oversight of our extended supply chain
Collaborates to resolve any issues which fall within the terms of the contract.
Develops and maintains relationships across the business users and Lines of Defense to better understand and deliver customer requirements by responding to changes in the internal and external business environment
Appropriately assess risk when business decisions are made, demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation and safeguarding Citigroup, its clients and assets, by driving compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices, and escalating, managing and reporting control issues with transparency.
Qualifications:
6-10 years experience navigating and networking across an enterprise utilizing internal and external resources Third Party Oversight/Vendor Oversight experience preferred Business writing experience preferred
In depth knowledge of Mortgage Servicing Operational processes and technology platforms supporting the Operations.
Education:
Bachelors/University degree, Masters degree preferred
-------------------------------------------------

Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US

------------------------------------------------------

Time Type :Full time

------------------------------------------------------

Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer.
Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity.

Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE.

To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE. To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE.
To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE.
To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE.
