Required:
1. Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology or Computer
Science or similar field of study
2. 84 months of experience in business analysis in
Information Technology on SDLC projects; including developing business cases, gap analysis, functional and non-function requirements, test cases/plans and participating in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and reviewing UAT results.
3. 84 months of experience using recognized business analysis methodologies (such as JAD sessions) to elicit business needs and requirements from stakeholders, and developing/revising flow charts, and process models describing as-is or to be system and business processes
4. 60 months experience working for State, Federal or Local government agencies.
5. 60 months of experience querying and interrogating data using complex SQL on DB2 or Oracle platforms using tools such as SQL query tools and using MS Access.
6. 24 months experience with Medicaid and/or health care industry data and its analysis
7. 60 months of experience analyzing and developing reporting needs/reports from three perspectives: senior management, power user, and ad hoc, using industry standard (e.g. Cognos, OBIEE) reporting software.
8. 24 months experience with working in a Project
Management office, working with Project Managers and teams,
and using standardized methodologies (such as waterfall and
agile) and templates, participating in the evaluation of project
readiness for deployment.
Requested Documentation Please submit copy of resume, certification, and degree.
The Medicaid Data Warehouse Bureau is the primary
repository for Medicaid in New York State and is the main
provider of Business Intelligence about Medicaid Data. The
Bureau is comprised of two functional areas, the Medicaid
Data Warehouse (MDW) and the Medicaid Analytics
Performance Portal (MAPP).
The MDW includes the Medicaid Information Services Center,
a Data Warehouse, business Intelligence capabilities,
reporting capabilities, and user support and litigation
requests. MAPP includes Delivery System Reform Incentive
Payment (DSRIP), Health Homes and Value Based Payment
(VBP) projects
The Business Analyst will work closely Medicaid Data Warehouse (MDW) program staff, vendor staff, and other stakeholders to define and develop requirements all aspects of the MDW.
Specific duties include:
" Analyzes, develops and revises flow charts, process models and technical specifications describing as-is or to-be Information Technology (IT) systems or business processes
" Prioritizes IT system requirements and gains stakeholder
agreement for IT projects or business process change documents detailing the project
" Assists with developing presentations to justify and explain IT system or business process requirements.
Evaluates the outcomes of systems testing, and confirms that the results are consistent with the system or business process specifications
" Reviews proposals from staff and recommends to management the criticality of revising system or business process requirements during and after IT system implementation, if applicable
" Determines the impact of software and hardware releases on the IT system
" Assists with the development of training related to business
systems implementation for users
" Writes Queries
" Assists in querying Data sources to determine the validity of
project outputs
" Documents data architecture
