Peloton's IT organization is seeking an experienced Systems/Business Analyst to assist in implementing and supporting our data integrations points. In this role, you will work with stakeholders to understand business requirements, gather information about various source systems, and develop documentation which connects our data sources together. You are able to work in a fast-paced environment to manage competing priorities, meet agreed-upon deadlines, and deliver high-quality work.
This role offers a unique opportunity to be a part of an evolving IT organization, a results-oriented and driven global organization with ownership over a portfolio that delivers direct value to these organizational stakeholders and Peloton overall. The ideal profile of this position calls for a flexible and well-rounded individual - someone who is self-motivated, detailed oriented, collaborative and has strong communication skills.
Who you are:
Function as a technical business analyst by understanding business requirements and transforming those requirements into data mapping specs.
Understand the full end-to-end impacts of an initiative and have the ability to identify any impacts to other cross-functional teams/applications that also work on production issue resolutions.
You can articulate complex concepts in a way that is understandable to non-technical stakeholders;
You have excellent analytical and critical reasoning skills;
You are a proactive problem-solver, even in areas of uncertainty and ambiguity;
You possess strong collaboration skills and approach problems with positive intent while driving towards resolution;
Job Responsibilities
Monitor, troubleshoot, and resolve problems with Boomi integrations.
Collaborate with the development team to architect efficient and stable integrations
Document and analyze current business processes and underlying systems/applications
Lead the research, development & implementation of special projects, as needed;
Provide guidance on the monitoring, troubleshooting, and resolution of support issues in collaboration with the appropriate stakeholders.
Communicate and collaborate effectively with technical peers and business users
Basic Job Requirements
Bachelor's degree
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills
Adept and proactive at problem-solving and conflict resolution
Minimum of 3 years experience working with Data Integration teams.
Worked with teams at least 2 to 3 full integration projects involving on-premise and Cloud applications
Functional experience with ERP systems (i.e. NetSuite,SAP)
SQL language proficiency with at least one of the common database platforms such as SQL Server, Oracle, MySQL, and/or DB2 database management systems
Ability to work well under pressure; manage tight deadlines and situations where conflicting priorities arise
Preferred Experience
Strong understanding of integration architecture options such as SoA and APIs
Experience working with any Job Scheduling tool (i.e. Control M, JAMS)
Functional experience with ERP systems (i.e. NetSuite, SAP)
Hands-on experience on Integration Platforms such as Boomi, MuleSoft; AnyPoint, Pentaho, and Informatica
ABOUT PELOTON:
Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings the energy and benefits of studio-style workouts to the convenience and comfort of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide comprehensive, socially-connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors, and we know that together, we go far.
Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms in the US, UK and Canada, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business' Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit to learn more about joining our team.
