Business Analyst
If you are an IT Business Analyst with experience implementing Workday/HR Systems, please read on!

We are a strong corporate organization working to digitize and build out the technology for our sister companies. We are looking for an experienced IT Business Analyst to work on multiple projects with an emphasis on implementing Workday/HR Systems. Our sister companies all have individual needs, therefore we are looking for someone with a consultative nature who can understand different and unique complex processes and procedures working with the businesses on the end to end solutions.

Some of your functions in this role:
- Working closely with the business to gather and document requirements
- Build technical documentation working with the IT teams from start to finish
- Participate in the UAT testing
- Own all the business analysis functions working in a Agile environment
- Create user documentation, training materials as well as train business users

We are looking for someone who can work in a team or independently depending on the project and sister company. Our sister companies are small and medium in size, so you must be able to adapt to working within these different environments, helping the business through quality business analysis.
What You Need for this Position
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field
6+ years working as a Business Analyst, working on enterprise level projects
3+ years working on Workday(strong preference) or any other HR System implementation - REQUIRED
Experience in an Agile environment
Ability to manage multiple projects at a time with multiple business stakeholders
Strong communication skills working with all levels of business stakeholders
Demonstrated documentation skills, business requirements documentation, technical specifications, training and user documentation
What's In It for You
We offer a solid compensation package in a growing organization!

Local Candidates ONLY please.
So, if you are an IT Business Analyst with experience implementing Workday/HR Systems, please apply today!
-
Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.


CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Your Right to Work In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire.
