A Business Analyst is required to work within and, at times, lead teams developing and delivering transformational change projects on behalf of major investment banks and other top-tier financial services companies.

The successful candidate will usually work as a part of a small team of Riskcare consultants and will perform activities including requirements gathering and analysis, business process analysis and reengineering, functional analysis and testing.

Once an in-depth understanding of Riskcare’s engagement model has been adopted, the individual will have the opportunity to lead project teams, be expected to manage stakeholder relationships and ensure the timely delivery of projects.

Within pre-sales, the role involves working with client relationship managers to explore clients’ requirements and qualify them sufficiently to develop compelling proposals for the services we provide.

Through investment in research, training and development, the opportunity also exists to develop specific areas of deep expertise.
Please send your CV and a letter outlining your aspirations and motivations for applying for a position with Riskcare.

Apply for this position

Skills and qualities


The following skills and qualities are considered indispensable:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills to support the authoring of business documents and presentations, running workshops and managing relationships with stakeholders.
An ability to conduct careful, structured analysis on complex problems or requirements in order to identify and present defensible conclusions and solutions.
Accurate and comprehensive gathering of requirements to enable the formation of coherent specifications.
A thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle and the role of the business analyst within it.
Experience in delivering logical and comprehensive test strategies and clear, concise test cases.
Five-plus years of experience working in the investment banking industry, preferably with one or more areas of specialism.
A practical knowledge of trade lifecycle and risk processes.
It would be an advantage to demonstrate:
A good knowledge of one or more financial product sets, including market structure, pricing methodologies and risk characteristics.
Some experience of business process modelling and optimisation and its documentation.
The ability to independently plan, organise and manage one’s own work and provide guidance and oversight for that of others’
An ability to independently plan, organise and manage his or her own work – while providing guidance and oversight for team members.
Familiarity with any programming, querying or scripting languages.
Understanding of market or credit risk and associated regulations.
Ability to analyse regulatory requirements and produce formal specifications.
Above all, the successful candidate will be proactive, organised and focused keenly on delivering results. They will be expected to remain diligent, cool-headed and professional at all times.

Experience


The successful candidate will have a track record of working within a team to conduct and deliver high-quality analysis work in challenging environments, preferably as a practitioner. They will be experienced in dealing with senior stakeholders and taking responsibility for quality and delivery.

Compensation, careers and culture


We look to remunerate according to experience and personal development within the role. Remuneration includes base salary, bonuses and benefits.

NO AGENCIES PLEASE
