Business Analyst Whippany, NJThe US Consumer Bank Contact Center group in Barclaycard owns multiple platforms such as desktop, IVR,Secure messaging,Appian, Dialer and Telephony. Our technology teams ensure that we are open for business when our customers and clients need us, and that our colleagues have the tools and support they need to do a great job. We work in partnership with our business units to deliver world class products and services. From banking apps to contactless card payment services, video banking, check imaging and secure data storage.What will you be doing?+ Acts as a bridge and channel between the product Owner and the development team.+ Prepares Impact Analysis for the new projects and locks the scope.+ Provides strong Business Analysis expertise in an agile frame work for analyzing requirements and find the most appropriate technical solution+ Translates new requirements into healthy backlog and keeps in the order of prioratization defined by the Product owner+ works closely with the agile team to conduct/manage ceremonies - Daily Stand up,Sprint planning,Retrospective,Sprint DemoWhat we're looking for:•Bachelor's degree required OR in lieu of Bachelor' degree, high school diploma/GED and 12+ years leadership experience in financial services, banking, technology, and/or retail industries•With overall 5+ years of relevant experience in IT•2+ years of experience in working in distributed Agile environment with running agile cedences•5+ years of experience in working in waterfall•5+ years of experience with complex cross-functional projects as a business analyst.Skills that will help you in the role:•Ability to work with teams in different time zones•Not shy away from asking questions •Ability to understand technical challenges with the askWhere will you be working?At Barclays, we are proud to be redefining the future of finance and here at Whippany we are defining the future of the workplace and the future of the way we work and live. We are creating a unique community, one of four strategic tech-enabled hubs that will redefine opportunity for everyone who works here. Whatever you do at Whippany, you'll have every chance to build a world-class career in this world-class environment.Interested and want to know more about Barclays? Visit home.barclays/who-we-are/ for more details. Our ValuesEverything we do is shaped by the five values of Respect, Integrity, Service, Excellence and Stewardship. Our values inform the foundations of our relationships with customers and clients, but they also shape how we measure and reward the performance of our colleagues. Simply put, success is not just about what you achieve, but about how you achieve it.Our DiversityWe aim to foster a culture where individuals of all backgrounds feel confident in bringing their whole selves to work, feel included and their talents are nurtured, empowering them to contribute fully to our vision and goals. It is the policy of Barclays to ensure equal employment opportunity without discrimination or harassment on the basis of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic/civil partnership status, disability, veteran status, genetic information, or any other basis protected by law.Our BenefitsOur customers are unique. The same goes for our colleagues. That's why at Barclays we offer a range of benefits, allowing every colleague to choose the best options for their personal circumstances. These include a competitive salary and pension, health care and all the tools, technology and support to help you become the very best you can be. We are proud of our dynamic working options for colleagues. If you have a need for flexibility, then please discuss this with us
