Provident Bank, a multi-billion dollar NJ bank with branches in NJ and eastern PA, has opportunities for experiences BSA/AML Analysts based in our Iselin, NJ offices. Candidates must have a minimum of five years BSA/AML experience that includes through knowledge of all related regulations, experience using databases and website utilized in investigations of fraudulent activity.

We offer a competitive compensation package that includes medical/dental/life insurances, 401(k) with match, Exployee Stock Ownership Pan, student loan paydown program, generous paid time off and more!

POSITION SUMMARY

Under general direction, this individual contributor ensures compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), Anti-Money Laundering (AML) regulations, the USA PATRIOT Act, Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements, Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) regulations, Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements and Provident Bank's policies and procedures (hereafter referred to as the "BSA Program"). This position is a senior level in the job family. Incumbent is expected to display professional maturity, judgment and experience. A certain level of creativity, diplomacy and latitude is expected. Incumbent is expected to train less experienced staff members.

MAJOR JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Contributes to Alert Clearing and Case Management processes. Reviews assigned alerts to determine if the activity is consistent with the expected customer behavior or is unusual for the customer’s risk profile and warrants further investigation. Creates cases to conduct a thorough investigation of the unusual/potentially suspicious activity inclusive of analysis of the collected data and customer due diligence, documenting the investigation results and providing initial recommendations with supporting conclusion to BSA Management, all, within a timely manner. Writes Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) narrative draft and compiles SAR administrative elements in accordance to internal and regulatory deadlines. Makes recommendations as to account product changes, replacements or closeouts, and/or restrictions based upon investigation results. Assists BSA Management in the review and determination of BSA/AML investigations.

50%
Conducts periodic enhanced due diligence reviews and annual exempt customer reviews to identify activity that may not align with the business nature/industry and/or customer due diligence profile. Analyzes customer behavior and activity patterns of low, medium, and high-risk customers to determine if custom settings need to be applied.

20%
Monitoring the Bank's overall compliance with the BSA Program including monitoring and investigating OFAC concerns. Assisting in the timely research of and response to 314a Requests to ensure the Bank’s compliance with FinCEN’s noted deadlines. Recommends changes to the Bank's BSA Program and/or account opening policies and procedures.

10%
Conducts face-to-face training sessions on the requirements of Bank's BSA Program. Provides guidance and support to personnel regarding the BSA Program and the Bank's policies and procedures. Develops a subject matter knowledge of the Bank’s Lending and Wealth Management products and processes to provide guidance and assistance in BSA/AML investigations.

10%
Performs related duties as required that may include but are not limited to:
Serving as a regional liaison to frontline personnel for providing guidance and troubleshooting BSA-related issues, concern and initiatives;
Monitoring cash sales of monetary instruments for suspicious activity. Monitoring logging of cash sales of monetary instruments to the Bank’s Monetary Instrument Log (MIL) to ensure all transactions subject to the Bank Secrecy Act’s recordkeeping requirements are captured;
Responding to law enforcement requests for supporting SAR documentation;
Conducting Customer Due Diligence inclusive of customer meetings and/or site visits due to abnormal or suspicious activity that would require further analysis based on risk categories and customer profiles. Conducting periodic Check Casher Reviews;
Keeping informed of laws, regulations, and current practices pertaining to the Bank Secrecy Act and Anti-Money Laundering regulations to assist in maintaining a risk based BSA/AML and OFAC compliance program;
Working closely with team members and BSA Management to reach departmental goals; and
Participating in Bank projects specific to and/or outside of BSA Compliance, providing a compliance perspective/awareness. Identifying and communicating any risk that may be associated with the project and/or its implementation.
10%

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No direct responsibilities; however, provides guidance to less experienced personnel regarding banking and BSA/AML requirements in absence of BSA/AML Management.

SKILLS AND TRAINING
Knowledge of the BSA, AML, USA PATRIOT Act, KYC, and OFAC regulations.
Knowledge of databases and websites used in the investigations of suspicious activity, including money laundering and terrorist financing.
Knowledge of banking and branch operations.
Good personal computer skill and proficient in using software commonly employed in an office environment.
Excellent written, oral communication and presentation skills.
Ability to analyze business situations, identify problems or concerns, determine applicable scenarios and choose the appropriate solution to the problem.
Interacts with other Bank personnel to obtain customer information for use in suspicious activity investigations.
EDUCATION

Bachelor’s degree

WORK EXPERIENCE

5 or more years related within financial services industry

LICENSES AND/OR CERTIFICATES

Licenses and Certifications Expiration Date

ACAMS (Preferred; Not Required)

WORKING CONDITIONS

Work is performed in a normal office environment however work may be performed in all areas of the Bank. May include travel by automobile.

HAZARDS

The hazards are mainly those present in a normal office setting, and those present in commuting by car.

This job description may not be all-inclusive. Employees are expected to perform other duties as assigned and directed by management. Job descriptions and duties may be modified when deemed appropriate by management.
