Company Overview


At Memorial Sloan Kettering (MSK), we’re not only changing the way we treat cancer, but also the way the world thinks about it. By working together and pushing forward with innovation and discovery, we’re driving excellence and improving outcomes. For the 30th year, MSK has been named a top hospital for cancer by U.S. News & World Report. We are proud to be on Becker’s Healthcare list as one of the 150 Great Places to Work in Healthcare in 2019, as well as one of Glassdoor’s Employees’ Choice Best Place to Work for 2019. We’re treating cancer, one patient at a time. Join us and make a difference every day.

Job Description


MSK is seeking a Radiology Application Analystto support staff in the use of the PACS (Picture Archiving and Communication System), ASR (Automatic Speech Recognition) and other Radiology applications.

THIS POSITION WILL SIT IN COMMACK & NEW YORK CITY 50/50 SPLIT!

You Will:
Provide application support for radiology systems including, but not limited to, PACS, RIS and Voice recognition.
Use Remedy ticket tracking system for daily monitoring, troubleshooting and maintenance of Radiology Systems.
Participate in implementations and application upgrades of new and existing Radiology Systems.
Provide end-user training with users at all levels. Comfortable interacting with customers.
Coordinate with vendors to provide application and hardware support.
Assist with new modality installs including testing and connectivity to the PACS system.
Provide rotating on-call coverage after hours and on weekends.
You Are:
Capable of building strong customer relationships and delivering customer-centric
A good decision-maker, with shown success at making timely decisions that keep the organization moving forward.
Able to work effectively in an environment notable for complex, sometimes contradictory
Willing to take action and eager to adopt new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of urgency, high energy, and enthusiasm.
Adept at building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives and goals.
An effective communicator, capable of determining how best to reach different audiences and executing communications based on that understanding.
Adept at learning quickly, applying insights from past efforts to new situations.
Flexible in your approach and demeanor in order to align with the shifting demands of evolving circumstances.
You Need:
Bachelor’s Degree; degree in healthcare informatics, IT, or hospital administration preferred
2-4 years experience in the field
Working knowledge of PC hardware, network technology, Windows operating system
Experience working in a hospital/clinical related department preferably in Radiology
Expectation of providing a high level of customer service
#LI-POST

Closing


MSK is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer committed to diversity and inclusion in all aspects of recruiting and employment. All qualified individuals are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration without regard to race, color, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, age, religion, creed, disability, veteran status or any other factor which cannot lawfully be used as a basis for an employment decision.

Federal law requires employers to provide reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities. Please tell us if you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a job or to perform your job. Examples of reasonable accommodation include making a change to the application process or work procedures, providing documents in an alternate format, using a sign language interpreter, or using specialized equipment.
