David Yurman is currently seeking an Ecommerce Business Analyst to join our organization. The Ecommerce Business Analyst will contribute to David Yurman.com’s success by identifying, measuring and monitoring key performance indicators for DavidYurman.com and developing data-driven recommendations that drive positive business outcomes. Additionally, you will work with the head of the E-commerce team on new initiatives, doing diligence on new solutions and providing market research and benchmarking on an ad hoc basis.

Provide timely insights and recommendations on KPI’s, looking for emerging trends and insights. Perform deep dive analyses into specific KPIs to understand the underlying influences and factors on what drives the business.
Lead projects within ecommerce/digital analytics that show effectiveness of site enhancements & campaigns. Coordinate with Digital Marketing & CRM to provide comprehensive results on seasonal campaign performance.
Manage the dashboards and BI tools for the ecommerce team, making sure that they are up to date and pulling in relevant information. Lead implementation and testing of new tags as needed.
With supervisor, conduct industry benchmarking and due diligence research to support new project and initiatives. Coordinate efforts with internal stakeholders to assist with movement of projects from idea, to project scoping, to final development.
Provide counsel and support to third-party distributors on opportunities to drive sales of DY products on their websites from internal learnings and testing and tracking new partnerships to develop the overall business.
Track external and competitive trends within the ecommerce industry and provide insights and recommendations.

BA/BS degree in Business, Marketing, Data Analytics, Mathematics/Statistics, or related areas of study
3-5 years professional experience, with at least 2 year of experience using site analytics tools (Adobe Analytics (Omniture), Google Analytics, Coremetrics) on ecommerce websites
Experience with tag management systems and tagging for new site features, site changes and QA testing
Familiarity with SEO optimization tactics a plus
Must demonstrate business acumen and analytical skills
Have an understanding of and passion for the digital retail landscape, digital marketing tactics, and the analysis and measurement of them
Ability to multitask and achieve deadlines in an efficient, timely, and accurate manner
