United States - New Jersey, United States - New York
Business management, administration and support
Global Wealth Management
Job Reference #
214356BR
City
Weehawken
Job Type
Full Time
Your role
• Establishing relationships with business stakeholders to identify and address relevant areas; Client Risk, Periodic KYC (PKR) data analyses, develop monthly metrics for the quality control testing team, middle office and other AML KPIs Evaluate effectiveness of processes and controls; proactively identify gaps, define solutions, and execute on process and control improvements
• Actively collaborating with other teams and SMEs to identify relevant data sources, help develop value-add assessments and deliver critical time bound rollouts
• Advising stakeholders on analytical approaches, and performing a business analysis role, helping flesh out requirements and document, before building anything.
• Blending and analyzing data (different grains, different subjects) from various sources towards providing support for stakeholders.
• Effective communication and presentation skills. Strong ability to take an ill-defined concept, analyze and translate it into functional and non-functional specifications to drive meaningful business decisions.
• Effective presentation skills with the ability to inform/educate stakeholders about the findings of the analysis
• Work closely with and establish effective communication channels with key stakeholders, SMEs and clients to gather project requirements, specifications and limitations in order to develop state of the art reporting capabilities.
• Communicate effectively across all levels of the organization
Your team
Working in the Financial Services Inc. First Line of Defense, supporting the head office as well as the FA teams and supervisors in the field. Duties span client periodic reviews, a variety of data remediation projects, KPIs, KPCs, dashboards, metrics, and a wide variety of ad-hoc analytics requests.
About us
Expert advice. Wealth management. Investment banking. Asset management. Retail banking in Switzerland. And all the support functions. That's what we do. And we do it for private and institutional clients as well as corporations around the world.

We are about 60,000 employees in all major financial centers, in more than 50 countries. Do you want to be one of us?
Join us
We're a truly global, collaborative and friendly group of people. Having a diverse, inclusive and respectful workplace is important to us. And we support your career development, internal mobility and work-life balance. If this sounds interesting, apply now.
Disclaimer / Policy Statements
UBS is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We respect and seek to empower each individual and support the diverse cultures, perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce.
