Do you want to be part of a team that encourages your growth, supports your ambitions and makes it a priority for you to reach your goals? Is helping people part of who you are? At MassMutual, we help millions of people find financial freedom, offer financial protection and plan for the future. We do this by building trust with our customers by being knowledgeable problem solvers and prioritize their needs above all else. We Live Mutual.

Description




Why we need you.

We’re growing and our clients deserve the best. As a business analyst you’ll have an opportunity to be part of a dynamic work group, and be responsible for eliciting business and technical requirements, performing gap analyses for capabilities, understanding technical dependencies, and helping to envision creative solutions to both business and technical challenges. In this role, as well as all roles within MassMutual, you will demonstrate accountability, agility, a dedication to be inclusive, a strong business acumen, and will show courage, even in the most difficult situations. We also highly value strong communication skills, a passion for learning, leadership traits, resilience and self-awareness.

What success looks like.

Actively solving problems

Expressing resilience and courage to persist through inevitable challenges

Displaying agility by showing willingness to be a generalist

What your days and weeks will include.

Work very closely with the Program Owner and Tech Lead(s)

Document requirements (functional & non-functional) and create user stories

Analyze and decompose business rules

Assist other team members with understanding the business requirements

Operate independently on multiple project tasks

Participate in all phases of project planning, execution, and testing

Provide project support on an as-needed basis to help set direction

Brainstorm and research/resolve issues creatively to meet program objectives and long-term strategy

Support multiple projects in an Agile environment

Produce applicable artifacts per SDLC /Audit requirements

The skills that make you a great fit.

Basic requirements:
Bachelor’s degree
5 years of experience
Authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship, now or in the future.
Exceptional oral and written communication and facilitation skills
Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter, comfortable working autonomously and with ambiguity
Proven ability to work in a fast-paced environment with multiple teams and third-party vendors
Demonstrated experience defining requirements for large scale technology projects
Demonstrated experience with functional and unit testing
Demonstrated ability to balance understanding of broad program scope
Three years’ experience in Agile team environments (e.g. Scrum or Kanban)
Preferred Requirements:
7 years of expereince preferred
Three years of experience in an information security environment
Working experience within Financial Services (e.g. insurance, retail annuities), with a focus on technology, cyber security or information risk initiatives
Five years of experience in Agile team environments
Kanban facilitation experience
Why Join Us.

We’ve been around since 1851. During our history, we’ve learned a few things about making sure our customers are our top priority. In order to meet and exceed their expectations, we must have the best people providing the best thinking, products and services. To accomplish this, we celebrate an inclusive, vibrant and diverse culture that encourages growth, openness and opportunities for everyone. A career with MassMutual means you will be part of a strong, stable and ethical business with industry leading pay and benefits. And your voice will always be heard.

Recognized as a 2019 World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere, MassMutual is guided by a single purpose: We help people secure their future and protect the ones they love. As a company owned by our policyowners, we are defined by mutuality and our vision to put customers first. It’s more than our company structure – it’s our way of life. We are a company of people protecting people. Our company exists because people are willing to share risk and resources, and rely on each other when it counts. At MassMutual, we Live Mutual.

MassMutual is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer Minority/Female/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/Individual with Disability/Protected Veteran. We welcome all persons to apply. Note: Veterans are welcome to apply, regardless of their discharge status.
