Business Analyst Summary:

Signature Consultants is seeking a Business Analyst for an opportunity with a client in Jersey City, NJ. The Business Analyst is responsible for analyzing and modeling all our current and future business processes. This includes assisting in the development of consistent business continuity documentation, creating current and future state business process models and completing business requirement management activities. They work closely with all project stakeholders and team members in the development of functional requirements for projects. They are also responsible for working with each functional area to conduct process mapping workshops and propose recommendations for increasing efficiency through process changes and automation.

Job Responsibilities:
Provide templates, support and guidance to all groups during the development of business continuity documentation
Identify, analyze and document all current state business processes
Analyze current business processes and needs and propose effective solutions to address those needs and improve efficiencies
Facilitate the development of business requirements and process models through interviews, document analysis, workshops and other tools during project planning activities
Ensure alignment and define success measures for projects in relation to the current corporate goals and strategies
Assist in the development of project plans and milestones
Manage business requirements and change requests during project execution
Work with data analysts to report on project outcomes and results
Develop and maintain a working knowledge of all company operations
Job Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration or a related field is required
Content Knowledge and Skills:
Level 3 CBAP Certification Required
Scrum Product Owner Certification Preferred
Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, Visio and Outlook
Exceptional communication skills (written and oral) are required
Previous Experience
5+ years of experience analyzing and documenting business processes and requirements
About Signature Consultants, LLC

Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus: to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 14th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source: Staffing Industry Analysts). With 28 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com. Signature Consultants is the parent company to Hunter Hollis and Madison Gunn.
