Flip the Script on Rx Prices

At Flipt, we are determined to bring the human back to health care and invent a new kind of pharmacy benefit management program. Our mission is to provide easy-to-implement benefit solutions on an easy-to-use platform that promotes openness, offers choices, and lowers costs.

This is a unique opportunity to join a start-up in its early stages and help create a legendary client experience.

Why become a Senior Business Analyst?

Because you enjoy modeling ambiguity and charting a course through uncertainty. As a startup, we have many questions to answer. The senior analyst will provide valuable analytical output and quantitative insights to support both near-term plans as well as the long-term strategic vision.

You should enjoy modeling and data analysis to support quantitative-driven decision-making process. You are comfortable with data cleaning, manipulation, and analysis in Python/R or other statistics languages when large data requires these tools. And you're not afraid of industry and market research to stay ahead of the competitive environment.

This role will include a mix of long-term strategic projects and short-term tactical tasks.

Basic Qualifications:
4+ years' experience with pharmacy benefit managers, medical / pharmacy insurance plans, or other intermediaries in the healthcare space.
4+ years of relevant experience with data mining, SQL, reporting, and/or statistical modeling.
Ability to think clearly, problem-solve, and prioritize in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment.
Confidence to develop ideas independently and execute on them with limited supervision.
Familiar with Excel modeling using formulas.
BS Degree in Math, Statistics, Finance, or other quantitative disciplines.
Preferred Qualifications:
Experience working with an app-based platform.
Experience with R and/or Python.
Knowledge of SQL and Tableau (or other dashboard tools).
Master's degree in Math, Statistics, Finance, or other quantitative disciplines.
Equal Opportunity Employment

Equal employment opportunity is one of our most important people policies at Flipt. Our policy strictly prohibits discrimination with respect to employment, or any of the terms and conditions of employment, on the basis of race, creed, religion, color, national origin, citizenship, ancestry, age, gender identity or expression, affectional or sexual orientation, marital status, domestic partnership, familial status, atypical hereditary cellular or blood trait, disability (including AIDS and HIV infection), genetic information, liability for service in the United States armed forces, or any other legally protected status. Flipt is dedicated to ensuring that all personnel decisions are made in accordance with these principles; it's inherent in our values and a moral commitment for Flipt.
