Job Description
Description

We are hiring a Business Analyst to join our project team. You will work alongside other business analysts and report directly to the project manager. Your main tasks will include performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user
acceptance testing. To succeed in this role you should have a natural analytical way of thinking and be able to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users.

Responsibilities:

● Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions.
● Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
● Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems.
● Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings.
● Performing requirements analysis.
● Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts.
● Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management.
● Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
● Requirement gathering.
● Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff.
● Providing leadership, training, coaching, and guidance to junior staff.
● Allocating resources and maintaining cost efficiency.
● Ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements.
● Performing user acceptance testing.
● Managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
● Updating, implementing and maintaining procedures.
● Prioritizing initiatives based on business needs and requirements.
● Managing competing resources and priorities.
● Monitoring deliverables and ensuring timely completion of projects.

Requirements:

● A bachelor’s degree in business or related field or an MBA.
● A minimum of 2 years of experience in business analysis or a related field.
● The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
● Good documentation skills.
●Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
