Senior Analyst, Customer Success Operations

Brandwatch is looking for a senior analyst to help our Customer Success department better measure, understand and act on business data. This role reports to the VP, CS Strategy & Operations and will work closely with both CS and Operations teams.

The successful candidate will have strong operational and analytical expertise. The role requires the ability to gather and analyze data, identify trends and elicit key insights, and make sound business recommendations. Success will be rooted in timely and crisp communications, cross-functional collaboration, uncompromising attention to detail and delivering on commitments.

Essential Duties And Responsibilities
Help to define, implement and evolve the Customer Success reporting environment. Test new approaches to customer segmentation, health scores and forecasting.
Check and correct data, encourage best practices among CS teams.
Partner with Customer Success leaders to collect and analyze relevant data sources for customer insights.
Analyze data from surveys, back-office systems and other touch-points to provide holistic views into adoption, consumption and customer health.
Work with key stakeholders to define and publish Customer Success KPls in executive-level dashboards across key customer segments.
Establish at-risk and early warning processes and reporting.
Provide ad hoc reports, data analysis and recommendations as needed.
Skills And Competencies
Experience using Salesforce, Microsoft Excel and standard reporting tools.
Proven ability to blend data from multiple systems and to translate complex data into consumable insights, appropriate to the target audience.
Uncompromising attention to accuracy, clarity and detail.
Ability to build relationships to become a trusted advisor.
A strong sense of urgency and a can do attitude.
Requirements
5+ years synthesising quantitative business data.
Familiarity with SaaS Customer Success systems and metrics.
Operations, quantitative research, data science or a related field preferred.
What we offer:

Benefits: We offer a customizable set of benefits, including health/dental/vision coverage, 401K/retirement funds, generous paid vacation, and commuter benefits.

Culture: Brandwatch is a place where the lines between work and fun are blurred. As a growing international company, with 10 offices across the globe, communication is key to ensure everyone’s voices are heard, and helps us maintain our flat structure. We listen and learn. We develop our staff. We care about everything, and above all we support each other.

Working for Brandwatch: Brandwatch operates with the highest level of integrity and keep our code of ethics in mind for everything that we do. Our light-filled offices have kitchens bursting with snacks, fresh fruit, and a fridge stocked with drinks and, of course, coffee.
