Job Description

OVERVIEW OF ROLE:

The rate of change in all businesses and markets is increasing. The role of the business analyst is increasingly important in both strategic analysis as well as tactical problem solving. Business Analysts that typically focused on requirements analysis, gap analysis, design, and delivery of business solutions are being called upon to turn around rapid analysis of options and implications to drive strategic decision-making at speed.

Business Analysts are also on the forefront of change which increases the need for Change Management skills including organizational impact analysis, training, and communications. This increases the need for strong relationship management, expectation management, and communication skills.

In the past there was value in defining scope and using that scope definition as a lever or guardrails to drive tactical execution. Agile delivery methods require flexibility, faster decision-making, and creative options that lead to Minimum Viable Products quickly and ultimately durable, scalable products and services.

Speed, change, and higher business expectations powered by technology are requiring Business Analysts to take a leadership role in driving change, to emphasize innovative problem-solving techniques, leverage frameworks for rapid decision-making, agile delivery methods to meet ongoing demand for change, and an even closer understanding of what the business needs to do in the future, not just in the near term.

At AMC networks and across the Broadcast Media industry, we are facing unprecedented change. We have an opportunity to build business process driven solution and services, powered by technology, that solve both internal business needs as well as partner and consumer market facing solutions.

PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Interacts with business stakeholders and other subject matter experts to diagnose and solve business problems
Works with and contributes to team effort to create both process and technology solutions that address business challenges or opportunities
Contributes to impact analysis and solution option development
Good listener and communicator - able to discern root cause problems or opportunities and play them back in way that the stakeholder can confirm
Fast learner - able to quickly understand new business processes, domains, technologies, etc.
Able to participate in root cause analysis
Able to solve both structured and unstructured problems
Task/problem focused - tactical problem solver
Gathers and documents business requirements. Attention to details and delivery of accurate assessments
Familiar with methods, tools, and deliverables for organizing and managing requirements and specifications
Can understand and/or perform analysis to support data mapping, data management, and data analysis tasks
PRIMARY CONTACTS
VP of Enterprise Applications and Solutions
Area Business Relationship Managers
Business Owners and Leadership
Collaboration with all solution delivery teams including Product Owners, Quality Assurance, Application Development, Training and Change Management, etc.
JOB REQUIREMENTS:

Work Experience
Years of experience: 5+ years with specific domain or industry focus
Broadcast or Media experience preferred
Experience with both large scale enterprise class project delivery as well as large and small scale, Agile, self-directed team execution
Experience working in either a Waterfall method or Agile method
Knowledge and Skills
Strong collaboration skills, listening skills, problem solving skills, and presentation skills
Strong time management and prioritization skills. Able to juggle multiple stakeholder demands and prioritize to reduce risk and increase speed to value
Able to decompose problems quickly and perform root cause analysis. Able to quickly gain confidence from business stakeholders that the problem is well defined and that options to solve it are clear and concise
Ability to run various types of meetings, i.e., discovery, elaboration, problem solving, etc., efficiently and effectively. Able to demonstrate that we are making the best use of our stakeholders' time.
Motivated to find, create, and leverage innovative modelling and problem-solving techniques
Education
Bachelor's degree in either the arts or computer science, engineering, or a related field, as well as experience working in collaborative problem-solving environments.
The Company is committed to policy of nondiscrimination in its employment and personnel practices. Applicants are considered for all employment without regard to race, color, religious creed, religion, alienage, citizenship, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, genetic predisposition or carrier status, age, marital status, familial status, military or veteran status, status as a victim of domestic violence, stalking or sexual assault, sexual orientation, disability or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
