TSR is a premier National U.S. Staffing company with over 50 years of staffing excellence. Our client, a leading financial company is hiring a Business Analystmon a cpontract basis. Work Location New York, NYJob Description This position is for a Business Analysis for the FA Platforms Team at the New York offices. The charter of this team is to provide business analysis support for the FA Platforms to help drive the requirements, execution of the technical redesign and strategy of the platform to meet the goals of the business and deliveryimplementation. Required Skills Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Self- motivated individual that will dig deep to uncover facts and not rely on assumptions or hearsay Assertive individual who can push and facilitate requirements discussion with minimum to no level of supervision. Ability to manage requirements and definition of the overall platform, keeping focus on technical requirements for users to be able to successfully use and navigate through the platform on their day to day activities. Liaison between Business Users and Technical team in analysis design Well defined and structured individual who can document, track and work on Functional, Data requirements seamlessly with minimum supervision Identifies opportunities for improving business processes through information systems Plans, organizes and conduct walkthrough with Business Units and Technical team for common understanding across teams of requirements and sign off Provides technical assistance to peers, mentoring where ever applicable Exposure to AgileScrum is a must. Basic Financial Services knowledge is sufficient but Technical knowledge is a must (e.g. Ability to understand system behavior, interaction and dependencies, Data knowledge etc) Furthermore, this position will work with the ScrumMaster, Product Owners, PMs and businessdata analysts in the team and work with other platform teams, driving issue analysis resolution, educating peers, and drive the project throughout the SDLC process until execution. The candidate should be flexible, highly adaptable and excellent team player. The candidate should expect to work in a global virtual team along with NY and India team members, sometimes across multiple time zones. The ideal candidate will be a self-motivated team player committed to delivering on time and should be able to work under minimal supervision Please contact me directly if you are interested in learning more about this opportunity or to discuss our referral program if you know anyone that may be interested. Regards, Patrick Smith Senior Recruiter 646-668-4440 psmithtsrconsulting,com
