Business_Analyst

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH ) is a leading provider of information technology,
consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the
world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck,
New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction,
technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a
global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 75
delivery centers and 244,000 employees worldwide, Cognizant is a member of the
NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is
ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world.

Cognizant Consulting is a global consulting organization delivering strategic
and domain consulting through industry and technology expertise. We have more
than 5300 experienced consultants with a broad range of domain and subject
matter expertise. Our focus is on driving our clients agendas through
transforming operations around the Future of Work , improving the
efficiency and effectiveness of IT, maximizing the value of enterprise
solutions, and innovating with state of the art technologies.

We_Provide_a_Number_Of_Business/IT_Consulting_Services_Including
Business Strategy
IT Strategy & Roadmap Development
Process Re-Engineering & Transformation
Enterprise Architecture & Technology Selection
Domain Solutions
Our functional areas of specialty include: Strategic Services, Large Scale
Program Management, Enterprise Analytics, Process and Quality Consulting. We
serve the following industry domains: Banking & Financial Services, Insurance,
Health Care, Life Sciences, Technology, Communications, Information, Media &
Entertainment, Retail, Consumer Products, Manufacturing & Logistics, and Travel
& Hospitality. The CBC team is a high performing organization that is
continually expanding our client base and increasingly being recommended by
analysts such as Forrester and Gartner.

Role_And_Responsibilities

Business Analysts have the opportunity to deliver immediate value to clients by
working with a project-based team of consultants. Analysts will help access the
client s business and technology challenges and deliver innovative solution
Business Analysts are responsible for facilitating the requirements analysis
process, developing strong working relationships with business partners and
building domain expertise. Key responsibilities for Business Analysts include:
Develop relevant industry and technology knowledge
Draw conclusions from the market / industry trends, client issues and
support go to market initiatives for Cognizant
Utilizing team resources and company methodologies to present and
implement strategic and technology solutions.

Researching industry initiatives, identifying and responding to client
opportunities and developing client deliverables.

Required_Skills_And_Qualifications
Bachelor s Degree in Business, Computer Science, Information Systems,
or Engineering.
Ability to grasp business needs and assess impacts to complex business
operations and systems.
Ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving
environment.
Excellent written and verbal communication
Demonstrated capabilities in teamwork and leadership
Self-motivated and strong initiative
Professional client presence
Ability to work as part of a cross-cultural team including flexibility to
support multiple time zones when necessary.
Willingness to travel
Solid Microsoft Office skills including Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access,
and Project

To Apply: Please submit a resume to this posting.

Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer provider and committed to creating a
diverse environment. Cognizant considers all applicants without regard to race,
creed, color, national origin, ancestry, age, marital and family status,
disabilities, sexual orientation or preference, veteran status or any other
classification protected by state, federal or local law.

Cognizant will not sponsor H-1B or other U.S. work authorization, or lawful
permanent residence (otherwise known as a Green Card ) for this role.

Cognizant is always looking for top talent. We are searching for candidat
to fill future needs within the business. This job posting represents potential
future employment opportunities with Cognizant. Although the position is not
currently available, we want to provide you with the opportunity to express
your interest infuture employment opportunities with Cognizant. If a job
opportunity that you may be qualified for becomes available in the future, we
will notify you. At this time you can determine whether you would like to apply
for the specific open position. Thank you for your interest in Cognizant career
opportunities.

Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Travel : No

Job Posting : Jun 26 2020

About_Cognizant

Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional
services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology
models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach
helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses.
Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is
consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how
Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at or follow us
@USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition
member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists
Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to
leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence
instilled in them through participation in military service.

Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender, identity,
sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability,
protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for
a job opening or submit an application, please email
with your request and contact information.
Show moreShow less
