Job Description


Job #: 1072055

Apex System’s, the nation’s 2nd largest IT staffing & services firms, has an immediate need for a Quantitative Business Analyst for of our large financial client. This is an exciting opportunity to manage within the front office Technology initiatives on trade capture, risk and P&L, regulatory reporting on credit products. If you or someone you know is interested, please send an updated resume to Joanna Warchol, jwarchol@apexsystems.com.

Position: Quantitative Business Analyst

Location: Downtown NYC

Duration: 18 month+ contract with potential for conversion

Compensation: Based on experience

Responsibilities:

Risk Engine computes Risk, PL Explain, Ledges and complex scenarios for bond, credit derivatives, interest rate derivatives, Loans and mortgage derivatives. The numbers produced by this system are used by traders, risk managers and MO personnel on a daily basis.
Work with traders and portfolio strategist to ensure the daily risk is delivered accurately and on time.
Provide business analysis support to traders, risk managers, trading support personnel and Finance. This includes explaining and justifying Risk, P/L Explain and GL numbers. Assist business teams in system User Acceptance testing planning and execution.
Team with FO Quant, Risk Quant, model validation and analytics developers to support new credit derivative products and model valuation. Ensure that the numbers produced by the RE are correct as the RE is enhanced and improved.
Participate in various retirement, business enablement and regulator initiatives with business and horizontal Technology teams.
Acting as primary sign-off point, coordinate deployment and go live plans with Tech & business partners
Core skills:
Extensive knowledge of fixed income finance and option pricing. Knowledge of stochastic finance and credit derivative is a plus.
3-5 year experience in high pressure working environment within a financial institute. Ability to successfully deliver complex/critical projects in challenging environments.
Experience in Agile/Scrum Management and Agile Tools.
Ability to multitask across several project and assignment. Experience operating in a decision-making role. Experience facing off to the business
Good communication skills and collaborate effectively across diverse/global teams.
Knowledge of Python is helpful
Knowledge of SQL, Python is helpful
Master or Ph.D. from a quantitative discipline, such as Computational/Quantitative Finance , Statistics, Financial Engineering, Operations Research and Applied Math is a plus
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
