Business Analyst, E-Commerce
Job Overview:
The E-commerce Business Analyst will be tasked with helping to bridge the gap between our organizations business needs and the technical requirements for system enhancement projects & stakeholder requests. They will be responsible for analyzing different solution requirements, communicating these requirements to the development team, investigating issues, application/product testing and ensuring quality of technical changes. Additional tasks include translating business requirements to technical specifications, implementing best-practices, supporting multiple clients and stakeholders throughout full life-cycle of the project and help us define business requirements that will help us foster valuable and effectual business solutions and systems that benefit the organization.
The successful Business Analyst will work closely with our diverse set of stakeholders, business users and others in all stages of the project life-cycle, including discovery, design, construction, transition, and implementation. This individual should demonstrate and appreciate the highest-levels of customer service, communication, productivity and professionalism. In addition, the candidate should have a strong ability and aptitude for leadership and self-motivation, possess well-sharpened analytical skills, and ideally a background or level of expertise in retail business/consumer goods.

Essential Responsibilities:
Collaborating closely with stakeholders and business users to elicit their business/functional needs and effectively compile and document them to better understand the motivation behind new project(s), enhancements and/or features and forecast future system design and development.
Distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs and appropriately prioritize all of the requirements for this role based on appropriately identified factors.
Ably organizing and synthesizing large amounts of data & information provided by our stakeholders to be leveraged in your decision making process.
Confirming that all of the appropriate stakeholders are involved in any given project and obtaining the required information needed for capturing and validating the requirements and other artifacts you set forth.
Translating functional specifications into usable technology solutions, and the development of business artifacts (such as use cases, business models, etc.).
Reinforcing that all of the requirements youve implemented support the delivery of business value, fulfill departmental goals and objectives, and meet stakeholder needs and expectations.
Adhere to the Software Development Life Cycle
Validate that the requirements are covered by the solution
Participate in creating the test plans
Assist in User Acceptance Testing
Provide input to project plan and risk assessment
Participate in Quality Assurance and testing of new applications
Leading and navigating the User Acceptance sessions in order to confirm the requirements for implementation have been met prior to deployment.
Being accountable for successfully managing any changes and conflict that may arise during the requirements gathering process.
All other duties as assigned.
Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
5+ years experience with creating documentation for communication with varied audiences.
Deep understanding of business requirements elicitation and how to use this data to create the appropriate programs/projects.
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to engage, effectively negotiate, and confer with member of our organization at all levels.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including presentation skills, interpersonal and relationship management skills (in both technical and business settings).
Self-motivated, creative, passionate and able to acclimate into a fast-paced & dynamic environment.
Working knowledge of all aspects of Systems Development Life Cycle, Change Management, Release Management, Configuration Management, Quality Assurance and Testing, Requirements Gathering, Project Management, and Systems Analysis and Design.
Self-directed and independent worker who can also lead cross-functional and cross-organizational projects.
Familiarity with Relational Design, Object Oriented and Service Oriented Architecture is a plus.
Experience with Business Intelligence & reporting tools such as Tableau, QlikView, Crystal Reports, Business objects or Cognos is an asset.
Advanced skills with all Microsoft Office Software for the creation of management reports, presentations, and analysis.
Skilled with merging diverse data from different platforms, formats and environments.
Any experience with responsive design a plus.
We at ADORAMA believe in respecting & encouraging diversity and as such we gladly abide by all EEOC regulations. We will never turn down a qualified employee based on race, religion, gender, sexual-identification, disability, or any other protected class. All jobs are and will continue being awarded based on merit.
Powered by JazzHR
