Our client portfolio includes leading luxury fashion houses, better sportswear manufacturers and consumer product suppliers who are leveraging advanced analytics to instantly measure product sell-through performance across the department store, owned retail and e-Com channels. Our solutions include services and products that enable client-side planning, merchandising and selling teams with real-time visibility into product activity by managing the collection, integration and communication of retail data and analytics in easy-to-use web tools.

This position (Retail Analyst – RETAIL BUSINESS INTELLIGENCE) is responsible for supporting a portfolio of existing clients with contacts at the Associate and Manager levels, and internal groups across production, development and sales. This position reports to the Director of Account Management, and is based in New York City (Chelsea/Garment District).

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Within a list of Apparel/Fashion accounts, the Retail Analyst will:
Attend and actively participate in routine luxury fashion account client meetings, both on- and off-site.
Maintain customer satisfaction throughout the account management process: this includes applying exceptional written and verbal skills, keen ability to “problem-solve” and decipher user inquiries, and collaborate efficiently between internal teams and client contacts.
Liaison between internal technical production teams and client business users, and follow up with customers to address reporting issues and inquiries.
Validate, on occasion and when needed, retail data using excel.
Utilize listening and probing skills to identify and assess the client’s needs. Exercise sound judgment to analyze and identify solid opportunities in line with corporate strategy.
Deliver a high quality overview and demonstration of reporting services, and be able to respond to standard questions regarding the company and services via company selling standards.
Provide feedback to the various internal teams to help drive new solutions, create more effective marketing tools, and improve current solutions.
Requirements
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including solution-based issues management.
Demonstrated ability to work well under tight deadlines and pressure without compromising standards.
Proven competency of intermediate-to-advanced Excel skills required.
Display a high level of energy and sense of urgency to drive both exceptional client satisfaction and internal efficiencies.
Charismatic, bright and analytical with a “can-do” mentality.
The ability to challenge tradition with clear and coherent arguments while achieving respect from business and technical colleagues.
Ability to execute client solutions as defined by Account Management team.
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE PREFERRED FOR POSITION:
Four-year Degree, preferably in Business.
1-2 years experience in apparel/fashion merchandising, buying, planning or related activities.
Proven success in managing internal and external relationships, communications.
Proven ability to comprehend basic retail math and utilize intermediate-to-advanced excel skills across daily activities.
Knowledge of retail/wholesale enterprise and business intelligence reporting programs (e.g. SAP, BlueCherry, RLM, Island Pacific, Retail Pro, QlikView, Microstrategy, Cognos,).
Fashion or consumer products industry knowledge preferred.
