Business Analyst

TASKS & DUTIES

Coordinates analysis activitiesbetween multiple resources for enterprise-wide projects.
Elicits requirements through methods such as interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, user scenarios, scenarios, business analysis, and task and workflow analysis.
Coordinates with multiple business units simultaneously to define complex business processes and determine crossdepartment/division/agency dependencies and communications.
Leads the critical evaluation of information gathered from multiple sources, reconciles conflicts, narrows down high-level information into details, abstracts up from low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguishes user requests from the underlying system needs.
Presents analysis findings to stakeholders at all levels of management.
Provides recommendations for improving processes and policy to meet business objectives.
Utilizes enterprise-wide requirements definition, management systems, and software development life cycle methodologies to proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the following factors as needed: Functional Requirements/Business Requirements Document (iii), Use Cases, Graphical User Interface (GUI), Screen and Interface Designs.
Analyzes end-user requests for information and creates ad hoc reports from various databases using query tools.
Works with users and/or project managers to define and document concepts and processes which entail consultation with various stakeholders to ascertain required project scopes, business requirements, and deliverables for systems.
Recommends modifications, enhancements, and improvements to current IT systems and related applications required to ensure the deployment of project plans and initiatives.
Serves as a major conduit between internal and external customers and the software development team through which requirements flow.
Using natural language and in accordance with standardizes templates prepares functional specifications that define the system being proposed to meet business requirements.
Collaborates with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision by analyzing tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
Serves as a liaison between the business units and technology teams that support purchased software.
Manages process modernization and analysis projects, including the development of scope, schedule and budget documentation, including spreadsheets, reports, plans, schedules, charts and specifications.
Prepares and conducts analysis of various IT projects and software needs, and conducts operational and procedural analysis of systems to define business and system requirements that meet key business objectives.
Documents current and future process flows, as well as business architecture documents using industry standards and various modeling techniques.
Creates and implements Requirements Management Plan including identification of stakeholders, decomposition of theproject scope into manageable units, identification of requirement attributes for traceability, requirements prioritization and reporting.
Creates functional wireframes and prototype that demonstrate functionality, features, content, and user flow of an application

APPLICATION MODERNIZATION & ENHANCEMENTS

4+ years of experience in the following:
Utiliz Business Analysis tools such as JIRA, Balsamiq & MS Visio.
Work and coordinate with Technical teams to document business and functional requirements.
Oversee project deliverables.
Design data model and application prototypes.

IT DEVELOPMENT & MANAGEMENT

6+ years of experience in the following:
Utilize Business Analysis tools such as: JIRA, Balasamiq & MS Visio.
Work and coordinate with Technical teams to document business and functional requirements.
Oversee project deliverables.
Design data model and application prototypes.
