Hi,

Greetings!!!

We do have Immediate requirement with one of our client in NY, Looking for local consultant who can take in person Interview.

Job Title: Business Analyst

Location: Manhattan, New York

Duration: 12+Months with possible extension

Interview Mode: F2F Mandatory.

Roles and Responsibilities:
Meet with decision makers, system owners and end users to define business, financial and operation requirements and system goals, identify and resolve system issues.
Participate in/lead design session in prototyping new system for the purpose of enhancing business process and operations and information process flow.
Collaborating in the planning design ,development ,and deployment of new applications and enhancements to existing applications.
Create mockups ,system models ,specifications ,diagrams ,and charts to provide direction to system Programmers.
Execute complex ad-hoc database queries using SQL for troubleshooting, reposting and QA .
Coordinate and perform in-depth tests, including end user reviews, for modified and new systems, and other post-implementation support.
Participate as a business analyst in agile environment including the creation of user stories, user stories, user story estimation, sprint planning, demo, retrospective.
Qualifications:
Proven experienceÂon Agile projects in a business analyst capacity.
3+Years' experience working as business analyst on a CURAM application.
5+Years' experience using wire framing tools.
Advanced PLSQL skills and abilities.
Extensive practical knowledge in importing data for use in report software, spreadsheets, graphs and flow charts.
Excellent written oral communication skills.
Ability to conduct research into systems issues and products as required.
Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly language.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Â

If interested, kindly do share profiles to madhavi(t)impetususa(dot)com and shahab(at)impetususa(dot)com

Â
