About Cubist
Cubist Systematic Strategies is one of the world’s premier investment firms. The firm deploys systematic, computer-driven trading strategies across multiple liquid asset classes, including equities, futures and foreign exchange. The core of our effort is rigorous research into a wide range of market anomalies, fueled by our unparalleled access to a wide range of publicly available data sources.
Job Description
We are passionate about data. We collaborate to build elegant, effective, scalable and highly reliable solutions to empower predictive modelling in finance.
Cubist’s Data Services group is looking for a Data Analyst to join our dedicated team. Our group is responsible for the timely delivery of comprehensive and error-free data to some of the most demanding and successful systematic Portfolio Managers in the world.
This exceptional individual will be a member of a small team of Data Scientists/Analysts who play a vital role in ensuring the smooth day-to-day implementation of a large research infrastructure, and the live production trading of billions of dollars of capital across global capital markets, including equities, futures, options and other financial instruments.
Job Responsibilities
Identifying potential data sources
Coordinating with compliance team and legal team on new vendor trial/subscription process
Assisting with collecting and maintaining vendor overviews and content offerings
Assisting with data questions and requests from investment teams
Setting up feed downloads and monitor check-in database
Monitoring the automated data collection and cleansing infrastructure
Assisting with scheduling meetings and conference calls between data users and experts
Assisting Data team with interoffice travel arrangements, expenses, etc.
Assisting in organizing presentations
Managing data trial repository permissions
Downloading trial datasets from vendor FTP sites or other delivery mechanism
Assisting Data Team with manual data processing as required
Maintaining Cubist Data Wiki contents
Desirable Candidates
Bachelor degree required
Basic understanding of SQL.
Programming skills in Python and at least one of C#, C++, or Java are a plus
Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and Word
Financial industry experience is preferred but not required
Strong organization, communication and interpersonal skills
Attention to detail and a love of process
Strong oral and written communication skills
Ability to exercise sound judgment in assessing and determining how to handle queries, calls and issues
Ability to multitask and prioritize assignments
