At Brown Brothers Harriman, we believe no job is too big or small for any of us to handle if it helps our clients. We value passionate, committed people who enjoy collaborating with others to find new solutions to complex business challenges. We are looking for the type of person who speaks their mind, truly listens and steps outside their role to add value wherever they can. Someone who is driven to get things done and views obstacles as an exciting challenge that demands a creative solution. Above all, we seek someone who takes great pride in their work and is inspired and motivated by their role in protecting and enhancing our client's financial well-being.

If you are looking for an entrepreneurial environment where you can learn and thrive, Brown Brothers Harriman is the right place for you.

Join us as a Senior Business Analyst

In this role you will perform business analysis, research, and testing to support key business initiatives and maintain and implement products and solutions. The individual operates as a key spokesperson for clients to ensure appropriate communication and follow through of activities. S/he makes decisions on client-related technology development and management activities and ensures the correct business functionality, requirements, and industry standards are addressed with proposed solutions. The Business Analyst III participates in evaluating requests using an ROI approach and performs a liaison function with BBH's clients/business units and technology teams to accomplish the agreed upon tasks within budget and agreed upon time-frames.

Some of your key responsibilities include:
Participate in and contribute to internal and/or external client workshops/meetings to gather, understand and document client's project goals, workflows, complex business needs, gaps, and opportunities.
Conduct business analysis efforts for projects and initiatives. Determine how changing business needs will affect the system, product, and process. Describe the business need and potential solution in terms that both business and technical teams can understand. Review all technical documentation related to the approved solution. Ensure current and accurate documentation of the solution, including business requirements documents, use cases, and wire frames.
Understand the system architecture and functionality and assess the feasibility of client requests and applies the features of the various products as applicable.
Compose business requirement documents, use cases, issue logs, project status documents, scope change documents, mapping specifications, test plans, test cases, scope statements, and business cases.
Participate in industry and professional networks to ensure awareness of industry standards, trends, and best practices. Apply industry knowledge and standards to BBH's products and client workflows to ensure the most efficient and effective client solutions.
Identify gaps in current products or solutions and participate in creating new solutions to fill these gaps. Solve difficult problems as needed through proposing insightful, knowledgeable, effective solutions.
Assist in the development of case studies to communicate to division, sales representatives, and other clients how BBH's products solve client workflow issues.
Contribute to client and marketing presentations to demonstrate BBH's technological capabilities and technology strategy, including how they can be successfully applied to our client's workflows.
Participate in project management activities on assigned tasks to ensure projects stay on budget and are completed within agreed upon timeframes. Escalate budget and/or change of scope variances as appropriate. Provide cost estimates, based on input from the technology team, to the business sponsors for the proposed solution. Using an ROI approach, work with the business areas to recommend how to move forward to achieve business goals.
Participate in client and marketing presentations to demonstrate BBH's technological capabilities and technology strategy, including how they can be successfully applied to our client's workflows. Identify additional revenue generating opportunities.
Qualifications:
BA/BS degree, and/or equivalent work experience.
6+ years related work experience. Financial services industry knowledge and experience preferred.
An understanding of the key roles assumed by Custodians, Fund Accountants, Fund Administrators, and Transfer Agents preferred.
Experience applying project management principles, practices, tools and techniques, including business case development, ROI analysis, planning, scope and issues management, budgeting, and facilitation.
Proficiency using windows-based applications, including MS Office applications such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Access. Working knowledge of MS Project.
Demonstrated knowledge of SWIFT messaging, communication methods such as FTP and MQ, and other systems and Internet technologies.
Creative and effective problem-solving and analytical skills.
Ability to recognize one's own strengths and limitations, taking appropriate initiative to pursue development activities and seek assistance as needed.
Proactive and results-oriented.
Demonstrated ability to work in a team-oriented environment.
Excellent written communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively and with clarity, with ability to negotiate.
Consultative and advisory skills with ability to work and communicate professionally with internal and external clients.
Organizational skills and ability to multi-task.
Experience developing and delivering presentations.
What We Offer:
A collaborative environment that enables you to step outside your role to add value wherever you can
Direct access to clients, information and experts across all business areas around the world
Opportunities to grow your expertise, take on new challenges, and reinvent yourself-without leaving the firm
A culture of inclusion that values each employee's unique perspective
High-quality benefits program emphasizing good health, financial security, and peace of mind
Rewarding work with the flexibility to enjoy personal and family experiences at every career stage
Volunteer opportunities to give back to your community and help transform the lives of others
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, genetic information, creed, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other protected status under federal, state or local law.

Full time

Jersey City
