Company Overview

HHAeXchange is one of the healthcare industrys fastest growing healthcare software solutions providers. Founded by professionals with deep experience in software development and healthcare, our platforms are tailored for post-acute payers and providers seeking innovative yet cost effective ways to provide better service to patients and to maintain a high level of compliance in response to rapidly changing market regulations.

The post-acute home care industry is booming with continued 10-15% natural growth expected over the next 20 to 30 years. HHAeXchange is poised to capitalize on that market opportunity with an innovative, market leading SaaS based solution for healthcare providers and payers. HHAeXchange currently has the dominant platform position in several state markets, connected to approximately 4,000 providers and employs over 300 professionals. A recent recapitalization of the company in December 2018 by Cressey & Company positions the company and this Position for continued rapid growth in a highly attractive industry.

Business Analyst (BA)

The Business Analyst will work with internal and external stakeholders to gain an understanding of data requirements and operational processes. This position will collect and measure key metrics in order to evaluate client success and business impact. Over time the expectation is that the Business Analyst will become a source of knowledge within the business on the relationship between customer data and operations performance. The work of the Business Analyst will directly support the goals an initiative of the Client Success Managers and leadership team.

Essential Job Functions
Conduct research and analysis as directed by the client-facing team members
Take the lead on ad-hoc analysis requests from the business
Track and measures ongoing client activities to optimize performance
Measure and analyze historical data and report on trends
Analyze and document complex business processes
Dig into large data sets and existing reports to find, document and communicate anomalies
Engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously
Prepare weekly reports in Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Required Skills and Experience
3-5+ years of business analysis experience required
Bachelors degree required; Business analysis certification a plus
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word, PowerPoint and Outlook required
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills required
Strong written and verbal communication skills required
The ability to cooperate and collaborate with cross-functional teams required
Health Care and HIPAA experience preferred
Familiarity with the basics of database structure and logic is preferred
1-3+ years of software experience preferred
1-3+ years of Salesforce experience preferred
Benefits

We offer competitive pay with a flexible and affordable benefits program designed to help you be well, including: medical, dental & vision coverage, vacation & PTO, flexible spending accounts, long term disability insurance, life insurance, and a 401(k) plan.

HHAeXchange is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
