Job Description
Title: Technical Business/Data Analyst (Multiple openings)

Location: Tempe, AZ or Charlotte, NC or Chicago, IL or Whippany, NJ or Monterey Park/Sacramento, CA

Employment Terms: Fulltime with benefits

As a Technical Business/Data Analyst you will work with our product team to create analytical tools that will ultimately be a driver in driving the growth of the company. You will leverage data to drive operational efficiencies, provide key data driven insights, enable new opportunities and innovate on behalf of business customers. You will drive future solutions that will impact how we capture new customers and delight our existing ones and you will have a lot of fun along the way

Responsibilities also include conducting full lifecycle analysis to include requirements, activities and design. Data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities for our clients. They will also monitor performance and develop quality control plans to identify improvements.

Responsibilities
Acquire data from primary or secondary data
Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Documenting all project related artifacts like Business Requirement Document, Business Use case document, System Use case document, Project Plan, Quality Assurance test plan, User testing plan, Demand request document, Change request document, End User training document, Business user training document
Organizing daily standup calls with the developers, testers and leads to track status
Generate actionable insights through the development of metrics dashboards and deep dive analyses
Providing customer insights to Product Management as new initiatives are being identified, prioritized, implemented and deployed
Serving as a business metrics guru and insight provider in the organization
Acting as a key interface between business and technical divisions
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Requirement
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field and or equivalent experience
8 years of solid BA/DA experience with excellent business management and technology coordination skills
Should have good knowledge and experience of the software development lifecycle
Prior working experience as a Data Analyst or Business Data Analyst
Technical expertise with data models, database design development and data mining techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages such as Business Objects or equivalent, Relational databases (SQL etc), familiarity or knowledge of programming such XML, JavaScript and ETL frameworks
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
About Capgemini
Capgemini is a global leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services. The Group is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of clients’ opportunities in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year+ heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company of 270,000 team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of €17billion.
Visit us at www.capgemini.com. People matter, results count.
What we Offer
Your career matters to you and is important to us too. Because your goals and needs are constantly evolving, we offer visibility, leeway and support to help you grow and progress in your career. This approach builds notably on our comprehensive competency framework, our personal development, training and career management programs, and our University innovative and business-focused learning curriculums.
We promote a culture of diversity. We believe working with talented individuals from different backgrounds and points of view is a strategic advantage and an ongoing opportunity. Diversity enriches our creative solutions and adds value for our clients.
With the digital tech sector growing at a rapid pace and women significantly underrepresented in the industry, we are determined to inspire and recruit more women into technology and build diverse teams that reflect the clients we serve.
Our Shared values have been at the heart of the group since our formation. They are honesty, boldness, trust, freedom, team spirit, modesty and fun. These values influence the way we meet client needs while respecting the regulatory requirements of each country in which we operate, and the way we promote ethically sound practices within Capgemini and in our partnerships.
Capgemini is committed to building a workforce of employees with diverse backgrounds and work experiences. We strongly encourage women, veterans and active military service personnel to apply.
Disclaimer
Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law.
`This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant - http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Capgemini.
