Job Description
The Expert-Level Business Analyst directs and the preparation and analysis of various IT projects and defines, documents, and validates processes and business rules to identify business and system functional requirements that meet key business objectives. Additionally, the Expert-Level Business Analyst conducts meetings and any other activities that include Data analytics, mapping and database analysis to elicit, define, document, prioritize, and validate business and system functional requirements. Creates business and system functional requirement documents, as well as complex reports, studies, survey findings, and other business analysis artifacts.
Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates, using natural language, for medium to enterprise level systems.
Document current and future process flows, as well as business architecture documents using industry standards and various modeling techniques.
Create and implement Requirements Management Plan including identification of stakeholders, decomposition of the project scope into manageable units, identification of requirement attributes for traceability, requirements prioritization & reporting.
Elicit requirements using interviews, customer documents, workshops, surveys, site visits, and business process descriptions, analysis of business rules, scenarios, tasks and workflow analysis, and any other business analysis techniques for both new and existing processes and procedures.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, decompose high-level information into details, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.
Serve as the liaison between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements flow.
Proactively plan and facilitate the successful implementation of the product, service, or end result of the program or project
Work with project management staff members to raise and resolve issues, set project deadlines, and mitigate project risks.
Successfully engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously.
Works independently with users and various stakeholders to define concepts, processes, and requirements and under direction of project managers.
Create functional wireframes and prototype using Axure RP Pro that demonstrate functionality, features, content, and user flow of an application.
Utilize Caliber Author and to track, trace and manage accurate requirements throughout the project lifecycle.
Good understanding of Business, Data and Solution Architectures.
Usage of Progressive API Frameworks and platforms.
Performs data analytics to optimize statistical efficiency and quality of data.
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.
84 months experience in analytical and product management skills, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into business, functional, application and operational requirements.

84 months experience in Business Requirements elicitation and definition.

84 months experience in Business modeling techniques and standards such as UML

84 months experience in Use Case/User Story development

84 months experience in meeting planning, presentation and facilitation skills.

84 months experience working with project stakeholders to define and develop business processes and procedures

84+ months of experience utilizing either Waterfall or Iterative/Incremental methodologies for Business Requirements management.

Bachelor’s Degree

IIBA CBAP or CAPM Certification (or working towards) preferred.
