The Role: IT Business Analyst Intern for the IT Project Management Office

The Information Technology Department ensures the stability and integrity of the institute's in-house network infrastructure and services. Reporting to the Head of the Project Management Office, and working closely with NY-based IT staff, the IT Business Analyst Intern's responsibilities include the following:
Work with organizational partners to elicit, articulate, and document requirements that capture organization needs.
Assist in project management processes including creating project plans and status reports, tracking changes and action items, and following up on project-related tasks
Identify, understand, and manage obstacles to achieving business results to ensure mitigation activities are taking place
Research best practices and identify an optimal path forward for new system development and designs including SharePoint and AWS environments
Participate in design reviews and walk throughs to communicate systems designs and validate proposed solutions
Participate in the discussion and decisions regarding project methodology, processes and technology solutions.
Perform other duties as assigned.
What qualifications do you need?
Pursuing an undergraduate or Masters degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field
Minimum 3.0 GPA
Ability to quickly learn new systems and processes and apply knowledge cross-functionally
Ability to effectively communicate new processes to technical and non-technical stakeholders
Experience with Microsoft Office including Excel, PowerPoint, Word, OneDrive, and SharePoint
Self-starter, analytical thinker with initiative who can manage multiple tasks and adapt and respond quickly to a fast-paced environment
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal
Strong critical thinking and problem solving skills
IT domain experience including application development, architecture, project management, or quality assurance a plus
The Nitty - Gritty
The location for this position is Brooklyn, NY. The IT team is however currently working remotely (Telecommuting) and, the intern in this position will be expected to telecommute for the duration of the work from home period.
Salary will be competitive and commensurate with experience.
When you join our team
You can expect to work with a team of amazing people who have tenacity, are creative, scrappy, and are committed to getting the work done. Why? Because our work is urgent, impactful, and more important than ever.
How to apply

Please submit a resume and cover letter. Online submission in PDF format is preferred.

No phone calls, please. Only applicants selected for interviews will be contacted.

About Vera:

The Vera Institute of Justice, founded in 1961, is an independent, non-partisan, nonprofit organization that combines expertise in research, technical assistance, and demonstration projects to assist leaders in government and civil society examine justice policy and practice and improve the systems people rely on for justice and safety. We're passionate. We're dynamic. We're innovative. In a nutshell, we drive meaningful change. What this means is that:
We study problems that impede human dignity and justice.
We pilot solutions that are at once transformative and achievable.
We engage diverse communities in informed debate.
We harness the power of evidence to drive effective policy and practice.
We work with others who share our vision to tackle the most pressing injustices of our dayfrom mass incarceration, racial disparities, and the loss of public trust in law enforcement to the unmet needs of the vulnerable, the marginalized, and those harmed by crime and violence. Vera has offices in New York City, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, and New Orleans. Vera is an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity in the workplacespecifically, we value diverse experiences with regard to educational background and justice system contact. We hire employees that reflect our values: respect, independence, collaboration, and commitment.

Vera is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, military status, prior record of arrest or conviction, citizenship status or current employment status.

Vera works to advance justice, particularly racial justice, in an increasingly multicultural country and globally connected world. We value diverse experiences, including with regard to educational background and justice system contact, and depend on a diverse staff to carry out our mission.

For more information about Vera and our work, please visit http://www.vera.org

Powered by JazzHR
