Senior Analyst, Analytics
Job Description
Join our growing team!
A career with A Place for Mom is an opportunity for you to join a rapidly expanding company committed to making a difference for seniors and their families. A Place for Mom is an online platform connecting families searching for senior care services with a team of experienced advisors providing in sight-driven and personalized solutions. Our mission, as the leader in senior care advisory, is to be a trusted destination for families and our community customers. We are a quickly growing organization with over 500 advisors connecting more than 300K families every year to one of our community customers.
Living by our values and working to achieve excellence on behalf of our customers is integral to success at A Place for Mom. Employees who thrive at A Place for Mom live our values every day and are an important part of our hiring practices:
Focus on Excellence
Act with Integrity & Assume Positive Intent
Drive Outcomes Every Day with Passion and A Sense of Mission
Make the Lives of our Families and Customers Better, Easier and More Successful
Realize the Full Potential in Each Team Member. Work as a Single Supportive Team
A Place for Mom employees over 850 people nationwide with plans to continue to expand into the future. We currently have offices located in Seattle, New York, and Naples and will soon be opening our office in Kansas City. We offer competitive compensation and benefit packages along with Paid time off, paid holidays and 401K with a match. We are committed to our employees career development growth and promotion within the organization.
If you are a results oriented, passionate and collaborative team player looking for a company with a bright future we would love to talk to you.
THE POSITION
Based in New York City, the Senior Analyst, Analytics will be responsible for defining measurements, capturing data, analyzing results and delivering a story through insights to help the Marketing team optimize their channels and campaigns. This person will use data and insightful analyses to support, inform and where applicable challenge decisions to help serve APFM’s business goals. Success in this role with help the Marketing team increase conversions and revenue and contribute to the company’s financial targets.
Who you are:
The ideal candidate is passionate, data driven, and extremely analytical with strong problem solving capabilities. You have the ability to take on ambiguous problems and develop structured analyses, focusing on the most relevant metrics, to identify the root causes. Most importantly, you are skilled at translating those insights into clear, succinct recommendations for the business to drive revenue and EBITDA. To deliver these outcomes, you are skilled at information collection and discovery, and are always learning and looking to apply new tools to your analysis. You’re collaborative and work easily across teams, geographies and organizational levels.

What you will do:
Enable Marketing strategy development and decision-making through holistic data analytics and development of actionable recommendations
Support key business initiatives by generating insights from multiple internal and secondary data sources
Own insights and recommendations from the analyses and translate them to executive level audiences to communicate performance drivers and priorities
Act as subject matter expert on analytics across all digital platforms (such as: Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Ads, Bing Webmaster Tools, Conductor, SEMRush, Marketo, Sprout Social) and marketing channels, integrating disparate data sets to understand trends across the business
Collaborate with stakeholders to define standard metrics or segments to ensure consistency
Develop, maintain and monitor actionable dashboards that surface root causes and opportunities to improve the business
Collaborate with Marketing stakeholders to determine data and reporting requirements for new features
Own end to end ad-hoc analyses to identify key drivers of emerging trends and recommend actions to address
Analyze current business performance to develop baselines and forecasting models across marketing channels and customer segments

Qualifications:
B.S. degree in Computer Science, Engineering Statistics or Economics
2-3 years in data-oriented, analytical role with demonstrated ability to crack complex problems, drive outcomes, and and work cross-functionally
Exceptional analytical and problem solving capabilities, including the ability to logically and efficiently structure ambiguous problems, identify sources of data for collection and discovery, conduct complicated analyses, identify key insights and develop practical workable solutions
Effective communicator able to translate complex analysis into insights and communicate results and recommendations, both orally and in written form, to a non-technical executive audience.
Proficiency in SQL required; experience with Python or other coding language preferred
Deep understanding of the e-commerce, digital marketing, and mobile trends landscape across digital channels (SEO, SEM, Email, Affiliate, Display, Content, etc.) and experience bringing disparate datasets and tools together to drive insights
Experience with Google Analytics, Google Ads, SEMRush, Marketo, Sprout Social, Optimizely, and other digital platforms
COMPANY LEADERS
Company Leaders with whom you will work to drive outcomes
Larry Kutscher - Chief Executive Officer
Larry Kutscher is Chief Executive Officer of A Place for Mom. Larry is a veteran CEO with over 30 years of experience leading digital, technology and service businesses through significant periods of growth and value creation. Prior to this role, he served as Chief Executive Officer of TravelClick, where he drove the company’s overall strategic vision and helped increased the company’s value from approximately $300 million to more than $1.5 billion over eight years.
Tatyana Zlotsky – Chief Marketing Officer & Head of Operations
Tatyana is a visionary and entrepreneurial digital marketing executive, brand builder, and industry thought leader with experience in driving transformational change and redefining user experiences for Fortune 100 companies and start-ups. She has a reputation for championing the art and science of marketing - from strategic branding and creative development to data and technology - translating high brand value into tangible revenue generating activities.
#LI-KT1
