UNIVERSAL Technologies is seeking Senior QA Analyst for a long-term position in Brooklyn, NY.
MANDATORY SKILLS/EXPERIENCE:
Minimum of 6 years of QA Analyst experience with at least 2 years of recent experience as a Senior QA Analyst.
Proficiency in analyzing business and functional documents.
Experience in STLC and Defect Life Cycle. Candidate will be required to prepare effort estimation and conduct all aspects of testing.
The candidate must have a certain level of business acumen coupled with technical knowledge.
Experience working with test automation tools and writing scripts for test automation tools (Knowledge of Selenium with Java as scripting language is a plus).
Proven ability to simulate and execute integrated and isolated tests to analyze results, leveraging CRUD operations on large volumes of raw data using SQL.
Experience identifying and defining project scope, understand technical specifications and setup test environment, set clear goals and expectations, manage multiple priorities, prioritize activities, maintain multiple priorities, facilitate the collection of technical, operational or business requirements, set milestones and follow through to successful completion.
Experience working in various SDLC processes including Agile.
Experience supervising a team, reporting status to higher management, creating defect reports with resolutions.
Excellent interpersonal skills including negotiation, problem resolution and customer service.
Expertise with MS-Office specifically Microsoft Word, Project, Excel, Visio & PowerPoint.
Strong documentation and communication skills.
Experience testing complex enterprise applications involving Legacy systems
Experience in legacy system migration projects
Experience with API and Web Services testing
Experience in Performance and Load Testing
Experience with Workflow systems, preferably with IBM Filenet
Experience in Public Pension Systems.
Experience with test automation scripting languages
Experience with CRM systems like Salesforce, MS Dynamics
Experience with JIRA, SharePoint.
Certification as Certified Software Test Professional (CSTP) or Certified Software Quality Analyst (CSQA), or Certified Associate in Software Quality (CASQ) or ISTQB certified as CTFL (Foundation Level) or CTAL (Advanced Level) or CTEL (Expert Level).
SCOPE OF SERVICES:
The QA Analyst will perform functional testing of integrated Filenet workflows, web applications, mainframe applications, document and track all application bugs and resolutions, as well as interact with developers, business analysts, and end users in defect resolution.
Duties will also include reviewing BRDs and functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding, identify testing requirements from specifications, build and execute test plans and test cases, facilitate test plan reviews with cross-functional team members, facilitate discussions on defects identified, report and track all defects, and verify fixes in test environment.
UNIVERSAL Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
