RESPONSIBILITIES Kforce's client in Madison, WI is looking to bring on an experienced Business Analyst to join their growing team. Candidates for this role can sit remotely. Summary As a Business Analyst, you will work to build the next generation of robust platforms that lay the foundation for our client. You will work across technical functions and with other product teams to prioritize building, integrating and maintaining platforms that are essential to our client's future growth. You will work as part of a nimble team, contributing to large-scale initiatives that impact product lines and teams across the organization. You will work closely with our client's technical team - architects, developers, quality assurance, user experience and work with stakeholders from marketing, operations and product management. You should be comfortable breaking down and solving complex problems. You should be able to communicate in a clear and concise manner this includes being comfortable engaging with product managers, technical leaders and other key stakeholders to build consensus, define an approach and rationale for prioritization, and communicate project status, findings, and escalations on a regular basis. Key Tasks Partner with technical leadsproduct managers to groom the backlog Provide guidance and insight for projects impacting the platforms Work with product managers to define the vision and product roadmap Be a part of a scrum software development team Provide oversight and training to system power users REQUIREMENTS B.S.B.A. with 2 years of experience in building a product backlog for a software development team Well versed in using Jira to manage a backlog and Confluence to document product and project information Demonstrates agile and lean mindset to drive feature development incrementally Strong technical background, either from academic, engineering, or hands-on product development experience Proven experience in eliciting requirements, performing gap analyses, creating user stories, test cases, and wireframes Experienced in analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusions and in data visualization techniques and tools Ability to document system design, create specifications, flow charts, and other related diagrams based on needs Ability to lead by influencing others, without the need to project formal authority, especially in cross-functional and executive settings Well versed in defining roadmaps and collaborating with teams that employ agilescrum software development methodologies Strong consensus and relationship-building skills Ability to craft clear, compelling recommendations supported by strong analysis and business logic, and articulate them to the organization to gain support for recommendations Experience in working with multiple vendors and offshore teams Strong understanding of the software development lifecycle Kforce is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
