The Senior Business Analyst will work directly for the Financial Services leadership team supporting the entire financial markets division at IHS Markit. This Analyst will support the team in all things communication-related, take responsibility for reporting and analytics, and create actionable insights for the division. The role will report to the divisions President and work with our global team. A successful candidate in this role will be a self-starter and have excellent communication and analytical skills both quantitatively with data and qualitatively drawing insights and conclusions from their work.

As a Senior Business Analyst you will:
Support strategy formulation, financial decision-making, preparation of board materials, and business development activities by providing presentation materials and actionable analysis based on data
Craft Executive presentations, talking points and briefing memos for senior internal and external engagements in partnership with cross-functional teams
Partner across all business lines and functions, including finance and sales management, to draw insights from monthly forecasting and sales performance
Manage critical KPIs and build performance dashboards to help drive operational decisions with numbers and analysis
Manage and execute a communication plan for the senior leadership team aimed at increasing transparency and alignment across a 6,000+ division
Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in Economics, Business, and/or Finance preferred
2-4 years prior work experience in analytical and/or strategic role preferably within an information services or financial technology company
History of mastering PowerPoint and Excel and large data sets; experience with Salesforce and PowerBI or similar BI tools is a plus
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with ability to lead and influence internal stakeholders
Effective at working with multiple stakeholders, self-directed, proactive, strong business sense, and accountable to meeting deadlines
Unmatched attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple workstreams without sacrificing quality
-----------------------------------------------
IHS Markit is committed to providing equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by the laws and regulations in any of our locations.

We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up.

IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work.

For information please click on the following links:

IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct
Right to Work
EEO is the Law
EEO is the Law Supplement
Pay Transparency Statement

-----------------------------------------------

Current Colleagues

If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site.
