Job Description


Job Title: Product Management Analyst

Location(s): New York City or Madison WI or Chicago IL

About This Role:

Develops plans and roadmaps for new and existing products with the goal of enhancing Comscores offerings to meet market demand. Translates business objectives into developmental requirements. Breaks down business goals into discrete actionable system changes and new development requirements. More senior roles have a keen understanding of Comscores positioning in the marketplace and strategically develop new products to increase client and industry penetration. Continuously improves Comscores position and recognition as the preeminent leader in its market space.

What You’ll Do:
Analyzes market and competitive landscape to identify product features to build into our offerings
Autonomously manages day-to-day work; brings projects and tasks to a timely closure
Establishes the order and priority in which projects are to be done
Prioritizes emerging technical advances and translates to product development opportunities
Writes white papers and case studies, potentially in conjunction with clients or industry leaders
Trains new employees and mentors others
What You’ll Need:
2-5 years Product Management experience
1-2 years experience with Audience Activation solutions, direct DSP or DMP experience a plus
Polished communication and presentation skills, able to present directly to clients
Highly detail oriented
Ability to write concise and persuasive business arguments; able to back-up proposals with appropriate research and data
Business and market research skills; understanding of Comscores competitive landscape
About Comscore

At Comscore, we’re pioneering the future of cross-platform media measurement, arming organizations with the insights they need to make decisions with confidence. Central to this aim are our people who work together to simplify the complex on behalf of our clients & partners. Though our roles and skills are varied, we’re united by our commitment to five underlying values: Integrity, Velocity, Accountability, Teamwork, and Servant Leadership. If you’re motivated by big challenges and interested in helping some of the largest and most important media properties and brands navigate the future of media, we’d love to hear from you.

Comscore (NASDAQ: SCOR) is a trusted partner for planning, transacting and evaluating media across platforms. With a data footprint that combines digital, linear TV, over-the-top and theatrical viewership intelligence with advanced audience insights, Comscore allows media buyers and sellers to quantify their multiscreen behavior and make business decisions with confidence. A proven leader in measuring digital and set-top box audiences and advertising at scale, Comscore is the industry’s emerging, third-party source for reliable and comprehensive cross-platform measurement. To learn more about Comscore, please visit Comscore.com.

EEO Statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.

To comply with federal law, Comscore participates in E-Verify. Successful candidates must pass the E-Verify process after hire.

*LI-FR1

*MSJA
