Business System Analyst Location Newark, NJ Contract Resource will have direct interaction with Senior IT Leadership, Operational Business Owners, third party development vendors, and internal IT development departments. The Resource must have exceptional communication skills. HeShe must be able to effectively convey verbal and written information in a clear and concise manner. Resource must be self-motivated with a high regard for accountability of their work and able to motivate stakeholders to drive outcomes. Will require a proven ability to organize, lead, and execute necessary decisions while operating under pressure in complex situations. The individual must be a resourceful team player and excel at building trusted relationships with stakeholders. Dependable, responsible contributor committed to excellence and success. Extensive knowledge and business acumen of the health insurance industry. Optimal resource will have experience in Healthcare Lines of Business, Products, Claims Processing, Claims Pricing, EDI and Mandates experience. Primary deliverables and activities for this position may include, although not limited, to the following bull Business Requirements Documents bull Technical Requirements Documents bull Requirements Traceability Matrix bull Gathering and preparing solution based estimates bull Use Cases bull Test PlansTest Cases bull Activity Diagrams bull Process Flows bull High Level Solution Diagrams (short of architecture) bull Gap Analysis bull DefectRoot Cause Analysis bull Conducting JAD sessions bull UML bull Data Mapping Documents Required experience bull 5ndash7 years of experience as a lead business system analyst is required bull 4+ years of experience in the health insurance industry is required. bull Should be experience in Claims Processing and Claims Pricing bull Should be experience in Healthcare Products and Benefits bull Should be extremely proficient EDI (834 Claim Enrollment Transactions) bull Should have experience working in large scale application migrationimplementation projects. bull NASCO experience preferred bull Knowledge of federal exchange bull Portal knowledge preferred Required skillset bull Excellent Communication skills bull Excellent Soft skills bull Excellent BSA skills Preferred bull Excellent Communication and presentation skills. bull Prior experience working in a group setting. bull Prior experience working in a challenging, fast paced, high pressure environment bull NASCO experience bull Experience working on Portals preferred bull Experience with working in multi-vendor environment is preferred
