Job Description


Job #: 1076505

Apex Systems combines with parent company On Assignment to make it the 2nd largest IT staffing agency in the country.

Apex has an opportunity for a Business Analyst for a major bank in NYC. If interested in discussing the position further, please send an MS Word version of your resume to Jill Petillo, jpetillo@apexsystems.com.

Here are the details:

Position: Business Analyst

Location: NYC (remote initially but onsite once COVID settles)

Rate: Negotiable

Duration: 1 year contract with potential to convert to permanent employment

Day-to-Day Responsibilities:
The primary responsibilities will include: eliciting business requirements from business users and subject matter experts, define and document requirements, write functional specifications, and perform business process design in conjunction with operations teams.
Serve as liaison between the internal/external business community and the IT organization in order to provide technical solutions to meet user needs.
Lead requirements validation and traceability analysis, manage scope and requirements throughout the project lifecycle, Lead development of common standards and tools, Assist in operational rollout and support, and Translates business requirements into functional specifications for the IT organization.
Gather requirements from the business line users for various systems.
Fully document all requirements and solutions. Liaise with internal and external technology partners. Work closely with administration, technology, and operations partners.
Participate in releases, perform system integration testing. Perform/organize user acceptance testing.
Prepare project status reports for Senior Management.
Use strong communication skills, both verbal and written, with particular emphasis on the production of clear and detailed written Business Requirements and Functional Specifications.
Requires ability to work independently (self-motivated) and with a distributed team (i.e., physically located in other regions).
Must build and maintain strong relationships with business and technology partners; Understand and analyze business processes & workflows.
Must Haves:
Requires understanding of the Structured Finance business and an interest to further develop this knowledge.
10-15 years of relevant work experience required
Nice to Haves:
An ideal candidate will have domain knowledge in FX Risk Management and/or dealing with legal documentation and its impact across the organization
Selling Points for Candidates:
Large bank, ability to get foot in the door for capital markets
Potential to convert to permanent employment
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
