About Cubist
Cubist Systematic Strategies is one of the world’s premier investment firms. The firm deploys systematic, computer-driven trading strategies across multiple liquid asset classes, including equities, futures and foreign exchange. The core of our effort is rigorous research into a wide range of market anomalies, fueled by our unparalleled access to a wide range of publicly available data sources.
Job Description
The Cubist Business team manages all aspects of onboarding new quant trading teams and deployments of new trading strategies. The team also represents all Cubist PMs with external counterparties and is responsible for rates negotiations, and, quant research and trading relationship management. General Analyst responsibilities include, but are not limited to, assisting veteran Cubist Business team members along the following lines:
Complete project lifecycle management launching new PM Teams into production
Design PM research and trading solutions that adhere to firm standards
Educate PM Teams on Point72 operating procedures and technology integration
Lead new strategy rollout projects internally with Technology, Operations, Legal, Compliance and Risk groups, and, externally with Brokers, Exchanges and Vendors
Provide day-to-day support for various operational procedures such as broker data management, compliance monitoring, trading, and business continuity
The person in this role must have a technical background as well as good communication skills and a willingness to learn day-to-day trading and finance operations. Should have a good understanding of global market structure and electronic trading systems and have familiarity with trading rules and regulations or demonstrate an aptitude to learn. Familiarity with research and market data sources is a strong plus but not a requirement.
Desirable Candidates
This is a selective position. The ideal candidates will have a combination of software development and communication skills with some experience working in a financial services organization.
A BS in finance, statistics, math, and engineering or computer science is strongly preferred. 2 years of relevant work experience is a plus.
Must have the ability to assist veteran specialists while simultaneously managing multiple time horizon projects independently under very tight project deadlines.
Ability to communicate via producing documentation at all levels.
Working experience of one of the Linux/Unix scripts. Perl, bash, and etc.
Working experience with Linux/Windows Operating Systems and distributed storage solutions preferred. Familiarity with industry standards of server and storage hardware preferred.
Working experience with Python.
Working experience of either C++, C#, or Java programming.
Working experience with SQL. Additional experience with database design is a plus.
Our trading focuses on systematic trading in liquid instruments (to wit: global equities, futures and FX). Candidates with specific work experience and knowledge of market regulations in these areas will be strongly preferred but not required.
We’re looking for exceptional colleagues with unparalleled passion. If you’d like your resume to stand out, tell us about your exceptional personal achievements, even if they have nothing to do with finance. Of course we love to hear more about specific engineering or data projects that you’ve worked outside of school, or as part of your curriculum. If you’re proud of the work you did we want to hear about it. In addition to exceptional statisticians and engineers, we work with talented musicians, writers, mathematicians, and founders of non-profits; we’d love to learn more about what excites you.
