Location: NYC Job # 173 Date Posted: 06/22/2020

Performs analysis of business goals, objectives, and needs of the business. Review business project and service requests and plans, documents requirements, and designs business processes. Makes recommendations for changes and improvements to support business systems and activities, and leads the initiatives to implement. Provides project management functions for multiple projects/requests throughout the project life cycle, including, authoring various projects related documents, managing communications and business relationships, and assists with validation through the testing phase. BA Serves as the liaison between the business and technology teams.

SPECIFIC DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Leads efforts with business partners and technical teams to perform analysis, define requirements, and present innovative solutions that solve business problems, or that meet business project and service request needs.
Partners with IS management and business teams to define project direction, create project plans, and leads project meetings with technical, business and project management staff.
Leads key project activities. Drives project efforts and facilitates project related meetings.
Gathers and translates business requirements and works with technical staff to translate tactical business requirements in to functional requirements, thus driving technical improvements, enhancements, and/or creation of new applications.
Communicates project direction and scope, and negotiates with teams to work through constraints and alternatives.
Negotiates and manages project scope, progress, and client expectations.
Follows the project life cycle process including writing Business Requirements documents (BRD)
Communicates project updates as necessary to management, business, and technology teams.
Keeps current with all available technical options, development procedures and innovative solutions for key business initiatives.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Any Graduate, Post Graduate, MBA, Engineering
Good Interpersonal and Negotiation Skills
Good Analytical Skill
Gain America Inc.:: All rights reserved 2009
