BI Analyst
Responsibilities
Maintain library of model documents, templates, or other reusable knowledge assets.
Create business intelligence tools or systems, including design of related databases, spreadsheets, or outputs.
Manage timely flow of business intelligence information to users - works closely with Functional Business Analysts to review, analyze and evaluate business systems and user needs.
Maintain or update business intelligence tools, databases, dashboards, systems, or methods and disseminate information regarding tools, reports, or metadata enhancements.
Responsible for serving as a subject matter expert (SME) working with the development team and with clients to identify impacts, analyze issues and implement product solutions.
Conduct or coordinate tests to ensure that intelligence is consistent with defined needs.
Synthesize current business intelligence or trend data to support recommendations for action.
Collaborates with cross-functional teams and clients to define, design and deploy solutions that meet company, client and architectural needs.
Troubleshoots and debugs issues.
Tests and validates data to ensure data integrity and accuracy of data flows and data warehouses.
Researches, evaluates and implements new technology to optimize the functionality and performance of solutions.
Maintains business and technical design documents, including system requirements for data, data flow diagrams, logical processes, interfaces with other systems.
Communicate with customers, suppliers, professional organizations, or others to stay abreast of industry or business trends.
Evaluates and tests new releases, system upgrades and patches as required.
Performs data mapping and data translations.
Provides recommendations for enhancements/changes and business process changes/additions to packaged software applications.
Required Experience
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology or Science or five years of equivalent working experience.
Minimum of three years of professional experience as a Business Analyst.
Minimum of three years of experience administering enterprise applications.
Experience working on problems and projects of a moderately complex scope.
Experience with SQL including SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS) and SQL Server Business Intelligence Development Studio (SSBIDS).
Experience with report development software including SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), ReportsNow, and Microsoft Power
Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Possess effective written and verbal communication skills.
Possess effective time management skills.
Demonstrate ability to multi-task.
Ability to work independently.
Ability to learn and maintain expertise in various software applications and configuration frameworks.
Ability to interpret business needs and translate them into application and operation requirements.
Possess strong analytical and production management skills.
Possess technology skills and service delivery proficiency.
Possess problem solving.
Demonstrates effective decision-making skills.
Possess interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a team environment.
Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and services.
Ability to understand department processes and data structure.
Strong knowledge of relational database concepts and client-server concepts.
Please send resumes to Jason Hughes - jhughes@genuent.com for immediate consideration
