As a business development executive at Second Measure, you'll work with some of the world's largest institutional investors, impacting their most significant investment decisions. You'll build relationships with key decision-makers, showing them the power of Second Measure's data as it provides best in class insights into company performance and consumer behavior. You'll also collaborate with internal data, product, client engagement, and marketing teams to help develop features that will delight and bring additional value to our clients.

In this role, you'll:
Act as a consultative partner to institutional investors and demonstrate the value of Second Measure to give them a competitive edge with their investment decisions.
Drive an individual, 7-figure quota- bringing in new business from source to close from your established network.
Navigate complex organizations to achieve buy-in from multiple stakeholders.
Develop and present tailored pitches to portfolio managers and investment teams.
Participate in revenue strategy, including targeting, price-tiering, and pipeline strategy.
Maintain a deep technical understanding of Second Measure's product and data.
About you:
You have 8+ yrs of proven sales experience working at a top-tier investment bank selling into the Hedge Fund and/or Asset Management space.
You have an established US-based financial network including but not limited to: CEOs, CIOs, Principals, Partners, Portfolio Managers, and Investment Analysts.
You can effectively communicate analytical work to investors and might have formal training in analytics.
You do your best work in a collaborative environment and would excel alongside colleagues who have worked at firms including Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, and Blackstone.
You can travel domestically—roughly 10% (post-quarantine).
Working at Second Measure:
Highly competitive compensation, systematized to promote fairness and break down traditional gender, race, and age pay gaps
Comprehensive medical, dental, and vision benefits for employees and their families
401(k) with company matching (up to 4% of annual salary)
Unlimited paid time off and flexible work arrangements
Generous paid parental leave
Pre-tax FSAs and commuter benefits
Life insurance, disability plans, and legal assistance
