Job Summary:

The Clinical Research Data Analyst for the Pediatric BMT Program will support BMT clinical and research efforts. The Data Analyst will be responsible for the quality and integrity of data submission via Transplant Essential Data (TED) forms on all transplants and cellular therapy infusions performed by the Bone Marrow Transplant team, or post-TED forms on all transplants in accordance with CIBMTR time points at 100-day, 6-month, and annually. Responsible for answering data queries and maintaining Continuous Process Improvement (CPI) on a quarterly basis. Develop and maintain working relationships with the BMT Team in order to become familiar with the required clinical data points of the pre-TED, post-TED, and comprehensive reporting forms (CRF) from charts and electronic record for reporting and analysis. Analyze and manipulate data into forms usable for reporting to federal agencies on transplant outcomes, performance improvement initiatives, program assessment, and administrative reporting. Ensure accurate data reporting. Ensure that federal, institutional, regulatory guidelines and polices are followed and adhered to. Coordinate activities associated with the initiation and completion of clinical trials, sponsored by internal, industry, and Federal funding sources. Coordination of data management and data retrieval and analysis for Federal studies, pharmaceutical studies and investigator-initiated studies. Maintains compliance with all regulatory bodies associated with human subject research.

Additional Responsibilities:
Prepare comprehensive RFI reports to maintain our Center of Excellence status with various medical insurance companies
Performs quarterly internal audits to assess quality and accuracy of data as well
Responsible for preparation of CIBMTR audit which is conducted every four years by the CIBMTR
Effectively responds to business/clinical needs, customers, and requests
Consults, assists, and collaborates with business users, developers, and the IT group(s) at large to progress evolving departmental priorities.
Job Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree and 2-4 Years prior clinical research experience required, 5-10 years preferred; Knowledge of NCI and FDA regulations regarding clinical trials; proficiency with computers (i.e., MS Office, database, Internet); well organized and detail oriented
SOCRA or CCRC (PREFERRED) COLLABORATIVE IRB CERTIFICATION (PREFERRED, TO BE OBTAINED WITHIN FIRST MONTH OF EMPLOYMENT)
Department: Pediatrics Bargaining Unit: Non Union Campus: CHAM Employment Status: Regular Full-Time Address: 3411 Wayne Avenue, Bronx
Shift: Day Scheduled Hours: 8:30 AM-5 PM Req ID: 120541

Montefiore is an equal employment opportunity employer. Montefiore will recruit, hire, train, transfer, promote, layoff and discharge associates in all job classifications without regard to their race, color, religion, creed, national origin, alienage or citizenship status, age, gender, actual or presumed disability, history of disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic predisposition or carrier status, pregnancy, military status, marital status, or partnership status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#GDKW; #LI-KW1; N/A
