Business Intelligence Analyst

Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Undisclosed
Position Type
Undisclosed
Education Level
4 Year Degree
Salary Range
$60,000.00 - $75,000.00 Salary/year
Travel Percentage
Undisclosed
Job Shift
Undisclosed
Job Category
Finance
Description
Mini-Circuits designs, manufactures and distributes integrated circuits, modules, and sub-systems for high performance radio frequency (RF) and microwave applications. With design, sales and manufacturing locations in over 30 countries, Mini-Circuits’ products are used in a range of wired and wireless communications applications. Our products are also used in detection, measurement and imaging applications, including military communication, guidance and electronic countermeasure systems, commercial, scientific, military land, sea and aircraft; automotive systems, medical systems, and industrial test equipment.

Mini-Circuits’ sells its products to over 20,000 customers globally through our direct sales force, applications engineering staff, sales representatives, as well as through our extensive web site.

The Business Intelligence Analyst will support the Business Unit Controller and the Management team of Mini Circuits (MCL). The primary responsibilities will be to assist in planning, reporting and analysis of MCL sales and financial activities. Produce financial and market intelligence by querying data repositories and generating periodic reports. Devise methods for identifying data patterns and trends in available information sources.

Responsibilities:
Compile, Prepare and publish the Daily, monthly and quarterly sales results with analysis on sales, gross margin and other applicable key performance indicators (KPIs).
Partner with sales and marketing to prepare:
Annual sales budgets and quarterly forecasts of US and International entities.
Annual sales and marketing expense budgets and quarterly forecasts
Develop and Maintain reporting tool to track market (MCL categorized markets) and key customer growth to benchmark revenue trends
Support management through delivery of quarterly reporting package and presentation on MCL sales performance and applicable KPIs and analysis.
Support Field Sales personnel with sales reports and analysis to support the achievement of sales goals and objectives.
Become Key player in the Tableau Administration team.
Train new Tableau user to create dashboard In the desktop version and use them in the Server version
Partner with Sales, Management and other teams to Create and Publish new Tableau dashboard to respond to specific request.
Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Marketing or equivalent
MBA a plus
1 - 3 years of financial or marketing/sales analysis experience
Experience with Tableau Software (BI tool) a must.
Strong analytical and MS office skills, especially Excel.
Working knowledge of Information Systems (ERP, MRP, etc.). Experience with MAPICS and AS400 environment, a plus.
Experience with databases and Structured Query Language (SQL)
Ability to initiate, develop, and drive adoption of "best practices" that enable both team members and business partners to work at a higher level of productivity.
Strong organizational, communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to clearly and concisely communicate with non-accounting professionals.
Training: Quality System, Employee Health and Safety, ITAR, MAPICS ERP
