Agile Business Analyst 6+ month contract Jersey City, NJ U.S. Citizens and GC candidates are encouraged to apply. Please note this is for W2 pay only. 3rd party candidates are not accepted at this time. Please send resumes to Aleta at Aletaforbestc.com. Requirements and Responsibilities NOTE This person will be bringing Agile experience to this team as a value-add. Required Skills Minimum of 3 year Financial Services industry experience. Preferred This should be in support of financial trading or account management applications Minimum of 4 to 5 years as a Business Analyst. Required Wealth Management Highly Preferred. Financial trading experience is also preferred. Some experience in Project Management would be highly beneficial. Responsibilities Experience with various Business Analysis Methodologies including different agile disciplines. Experience with Agile methodology should include writing user stories, managing scrum calls, prioritizing backlog, etc. Proven ability to meet deadlines while simultaneously working multiple projects bull Estimates time required to deliver project artifacts and reports progress toward delivery goals throughout the project bull Leads key stakeholder analysis process bull Interacts with project stakeholders to elicit and document project requirements by translating business needs into testable, developer-ready requirements bull Produces professional quality project artifacts including but not limited to business requirement documents, requirement plans, models (e.g. data, event, context and process), traceability matrices, use cases, issue logs and other documents as needed. Ensures that system requirements meet business needs and that the business is able to fully integrate and implement new systems or system features Works with the business to recommend appropriate training, communication and scheduling as systems are deployed bull Works with the project team to determine appropriate test plans, deployment plans and supports the product launch bull Participates in the Quality Inspection process for all requirements Contact Aleta Giordano Ross Senior Recruiting Consultant Forbes Technical Consulting LLC E aletaforbestc.com mailtoaletaforbestc.com
