CentralReach is a leading provider of end-to-end practice management and clinical solutions that enable applied behavior analysis (ABA) clinicians and educators to produce superior outcomes for people with autism. The company is revolutionizing the ABA space with cutting-edge solutions including precision teaching, clinical data collection, scheduling, billing, learning management, fully digital evidence-based programming and more. Trusted by more than 80,000 clinicians and educators, CentralReach is committed to ongoing product improvement, market-leading industry expertise, world-class client satisfaction, and support of the ABA community to propel industry practitioners into a new era of excellence.

As a Business Analyst, on the Product Management team, you will help companies like Autism Learning Partners, Chancelight, Trumpet Behavioral Health and Bluesprig streamline their Practice Management and Clinical Operations. You'll have the opportunity to significantly impact the growth of our company and help redefine the way companies operate in the Applied Behavioral Analysis (ABA) space.
We are looking for a candidate with a passion for helping clients solve real problems and creating interest in the CentralReach platform.
Key Accountabilities:
Assists Product Owner/Product Management in the definition of high-level business requirements (features) and the prioritization of the product backlog. Constructs workflow charts and diagrams to help visualize requirements.
Participates in external customer demos and validation of features and user stories.
Formulates features, user stories, and acceptance criteria. Collaborates with software developers to research existing business and system processes.
Collaborates with UI/UX on usability and UI design. Collaborates with QA to ensure high quality testing.
Leads and documents requirements definition sessions with business, clinical, and technical stakeholders to better understand functional, data, user interface, and non-functional requirements. Works within practices and policies for writing, updating, and managing requirements to ensure repeatable processes and delivery of value.
Performs functional acceptance testing of development work to ensure that the product meets the business and functional requirements. Participates in release planning activities as scheduled.
Identifies opportunities for improving quality and efficiency and participates in process improvement initiatives.

Desired skills and experience:

Bachelor’s in computer science, engineering, business administration or health related field.
Must have demonstrated ability and understanding of the application of information technology in the field of health care.
Attention to detail
Strong understanding of EMR software is highly preferred. ABA experience a plus
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
4+ years of experience as a business analyst.
Knowledge and experience with Agile methodology
Experience with Jira a plus
CentralReach was developed for Clinicians by Clinicians. The story of CentralReach begins at an ABA clinic based out of Pompano Beach, Florida. The company’s founder, a practicing Board Certified Behavioral Analyst, was drowning in manual management of her clinic from scheduling staff and filing claims to reporting on clinical data. She decided that there had to be a better way to manage her operations so she could spend more time on what mattered most — working with her clients and patients. To help ABA practices focus on what they do best, CentralReach launched the first iteration of its EHR and practice management platform in 2012.

Today, under the leadership of Chris Sullens, an award-winning CEO in the technology space, CentralReach is committed to their mission of providing cutting-edge technology and services to help clinicians and educators produce superior client and patient outcomes. Already a market leader, CentralReach is expected to grow exponentially through its four core tenets: hire and develop great people; build industry-leading products; provide exceptional service to customers and continuously invest in systems, processes and infrastructure.
We value our employees and offer a robust benefits package including health and dental, paid time off, life insurance, disability coverage and a 401(k) matching. We also provide comprehensive onboarding, ongoing training, mentoring and career pathing to help you develop your career. We pride ourselves on our fun and energetic environment that also provides our employees with a meaningful way to make a difference by helping clinicians produce superior outcomes for children and adults with disabilities.
