Building Systems Analyst (NY)

Job Details
Level
Entry
Job Location
New York, NY - New York, NY
Education Level
Bachelors Degree
Travel Percentage
Estimated at up to 50%
Job Shift
Full-time employee
The Position and Team
Steven Winter Associates, Inc. (SWA) is seeking qualified professionals with a strong passion for improving the built environment to support commissioning, energy auditing, and retrofit services.

These roles will be an integral part of our expanding team which is leveraging SWA’s 47-year track record to provide energy audit, retrofit, and commissioning services to the NYC Metropolitan areas and beyond. As such, the successful candidate will demonstrate the ability to complete the following tasks with the technical and personal skills outlined below that will help him or her excel at SWA.

These positions report to Senior Engineers.

Primary Responsibilities may include some or all of the following:
Understand common HVAC systems and emerging high-performance alternatives
Conduct energy audits and retro-commissioning of existing buildings
Work on commissioning projects for new construction and existing building retrofits
Aid in the design and oversight of energy efficiency retrofits
Assist in reviewing construction documents and provide recommendations to improve constructability, IAQ, energy efficiency, and operations
Research equipment and code requirements
Review submittals
Assist with developing testing plans
Inspect installations of building equipment
Review and perform building diagnostic tests
Document review comments and inspection findings in issues logs
Perform open-ended data analysis
Provide written technical and non-technical reports for program compliance and ownership review
Work together with building owners, developers, architects, engineers and contractors
Work with internal stakeholders including project managers, energy modelers, sustainability consultants, accessibility consultants, etc.
Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities
Below is a list of the minimum requirements for the position.

Required industry knowledge, and skills
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering
SWA is hiring for entry-level positions
Understanding of building HVAC and Plumbing systems
Familiarity NYC Local Laws related to energy and climate
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Programs (in order of importance Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint)
Preferred knowledge, and skills

Familiarity with Energy Code and/or ASHRAE standards is a plus.

Personal qualities
Excellent communicator and presenter able to explain complex concepts to a variety of stakeholders
Attention to detail with strong oral and written communication skills
Well-developed interpersonal skills, maturity, credibility, confidence and integrity.
Strong time-management skills and experience managing multiple priorities at once
Collaborative with strong focus on teamwork
Excellent work ethic
Self-motivated
Other duties:

Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without prior notice.

Physical Demands

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit. The employee frequently is required to walk; use hands to type, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand.

When in the field the employee must frequently lift or move objects up to 40 pounds; must be able to climb stairs and endure typical construction site conditions. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision and ability to adjust focus.

Travel Required

Occasional overnight travel may be required (Less than 10%). Frequent local field visits in the NYC Metro area will be necessary (estimated at 40-50%). A valid and clean driving license is required.

Working Environment

Approximately half of the duties will be performed in an office environment. The remainder of the duties will be performed in the field which will involve trips to projects sites for observation and training.

Performance Standards

Performance will be evaluated against this job description, competencies for this level, and mutually agreed goals.

About Steven Winter Associates, Inc.

Steven Winter Associates, Inc. (SWA) provides research, consulting and advisory services to improve commercial, residential and multifamily built environments for private and public-sector clients. We specialize in energy, sustainability and accessibility consulting as well as certification, research & development and compliance services. Our team of professionals has led the way since 1972 in the development of best practices to achieve high performance buildings.

For further information on Steven Winter Associates, please visit www.swinter.com.

SWA is an Equal Opportunity Employer – all qualified applicants will be afforded equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, gender identity, and sexual orientation), national origin, age, disability, or marital status.

We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package. Applications submitted without a cover letter will not be reviewed.
