Peloton's IT organization is seeking an experienced Business Systems Analyst to play a key role in supporting the Member Services teams as we continue to grow. You will gather information across the organization and ensure follow ups and updates are accurate and documented. You should feel comfortable analyzing, diagnosing and influencing IT process problems, while developing business requirements for strategic projects and new solutions.
The Business Analyst, Member Services Technology will be accountable for IT's core services, including member support, chat and phone systems, integration strategy and the international expansion of our systems into new markets. This role reports to the Manager, Member Support Technology, who manages core service offerings for the team.
This role offers a unique opportunity to be a part of an evolving IT organization, a results oriented and driven global organization with ownership over a portfolio that delivers direct value to these organizational stakeholders and Peloton overall. The ideal profile of this position calls for a flexible and well-rounded individual with operational and project management experience - someone who is self-motivated, detailed oriented, collaborative, and has strong customer relationship management skills.
Partner with Global and local Member Services communities to ensure a complete understanding of requirements and quality in the delivery of business solutions.
Form strong working relationships with member services and service design staff that run the core processes locally, regionally and globally
Form strong working relationships with your Peloton peers and across the IT organization
Document and analyze current business processes and underlying systems/applications.
Critically evaluate information gathered and recommend alternative solutions
Monitor project progress, identify and escalate potential project risks and delays to management
Communicate and collaborate effectively with technical staff and business users
Coordinate and lead discussions to ensure understanding and alignment to projects and initiatives
Recognize the relationship, dependencies and their impact to projects
Basic Job Requirements
Education or Certifications
3+ years of overall customer support IT experience
Minimum of a Bachelor's degree in a related field
Work Experience
3+ years of related experience in a business analyst or equivalent role
Proven ability to facilitate communication and provide support to both the business and technology team members in challenging technical, custom and package software implementation projects on a global level
Must have experience working simultaneously with multiple stakeholders, sponsors, and business partners, exhibiting an ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities.
Technical Skills
Experience working with Customer Support software such as Zendesk and Service Cloud
Experience documenting and analyzing processes, procedures, and/or policies.
Balance of strong business process knowledge and experience implementing mix of custom and package software to meet business needs
Knowledge of customer support and ERP system integrations
Computer Skills
Experience with Jira and Confluence.
Language Skills
Fluent in English (written and verbal) - other language skills would be beneficial
Global Experience
Prior global experience
ABOUT PELOTON:
Founded in 2012, Peloton is a global interactive fitness platform that brings the energy and benefits of studio-style workouts to the convenience and comfort of home. We use technology and design to bring our Members immersive content through the Peloton Bike, the Peloton Tread, and Peloton Digital, which provide comprehensive, socially-connected fitness offerings anytime, anywhere. We believe in taking risks and challenging the status quo by continuously innovating and improving. Our team is made up of passionate brand ambassadors, and we know that together, we go far.
Headquartered in New York City, with offices, warehouses and retail showrooms in the US, UK and Canada, Peloton is changing the way people get fit. Peloton has been named to many prestigious industry lists, including Fast Company's Most Innovative Companies, CNBC's Disruptor 50, Crain's New York Business' Tech25 and Fast50, as well as TIME's Genius Companies. Visit to learn more about joining our team.
