Job title: Senior Business Analyst
Job type: Permanent
Emp type: Full-time
Salary:
Negotiable
Location: New York, United States
Job published: 2019-10-03
Job ID: 41513

Job Description


Our client is looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join their New York office.

Responsibilities:
Complete project lifecycle management shortening new PM Teams’ time to market
Design PM research and trading solutions that adhere to firm standards
Educate PM Teams on the company's operating procedures and technology integration
Lead new strategy rollout projects working internally with the company's Technology, Operations, Legal, Compliance and Risk groups, and externally with Brokers, Exchanges and Vendors.
Provide day-to-day support for various operational procedures such as broker data management, compliance monitoring, trading, and business continuity.


Requirements:
This is a highly selective position. The ideal candidates will have a combination of software development and communication skills with some experience working in a financial services organization, specifically with futures and FX.
Preferably 5 years of relevant work experience.
Must have the ability to independently manage multiple long-term and short-term projects under very tight project deadlines.
Strong written and oral communication skills
Working experience of one of the Linux/Unix scripts. Perl, bash, and etc.
Working experience with Linux/Windows Operating Systems and distributed storage solutions preferred. Familiarity with industry standards of server and storage hardware preferred.
Working experience with Python programming
Working experience of either C++, C#, or Java programming
Strong knowledge of SQL. Additional experience with database design is a plus.
Our trading focuses on systematic trading in liquid instruments (to wit: global equities, futures and FX). Candidates with specific work experience and knowledge of market regulations in these areas will be strongly preferred.
Education:
A BS or MS in finance, statistics, math, and engineering or computer science is strongly desired
If you would like to be considered for the position of Senior Business Analyst or wish to discuss the role further then please leave your details below. Your resume will be held in confidence until you connect with a member of our team
