Introduction
Are you looking for a career that will allow you to use your unique blend of business acumen and tech savvy? Business Analysts at IBM are subject matter experts that build the bridge between our business and our clients, immersing themselves into the market to understand problems and find innovative solutions. Be ready to navigate the complex relationships that make the business world run and find the actionable insights that result in great business decisions.

Your Role and Responsibilities
IBM Watson Health is looking for talented individuals across the spectrum destined to join the existing Salesforce.com team to build out and support a world-class CRM. The convergence of data and technology is transforming Healthcare and Life Sciences organizations today, and the Salesforce.com CRM platform is a crucial tool for the business units to meet the demands of this transformation inside IBM Watson Health.

You will be part of a dynamic team of Salesforce.com professionals supporting the CRM Strategy and Solution delivery on the Watson Health Salesforce.com platform. As a Salesforce Administrator, you will have the opportunity to work for an organization responsible for transforming and engineering robust data and analytics platforms across multiple products.

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for these positions now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Your Role and Responsibilities include:
Partner with other Salesforce.com Admin and Development team members to ensure timely delivery of work to business stakeholders
Design, develop, test and implement solutions in a highly customized Salesforce.com CRM
Work with business partners to document business processes and system requirements
Prepare Requirements and Design documents, Configuration Workbooks, Test Cases and other documentation as required through the project lifecycle
Support and troubleshoot integrations between Salesforce.com and other Enterprise system
Ongoing improvements in the Salesforce.com instance by doing continues research of new Salesforce feature functionality
Regularly perform database de-duping and cleanup procedures

IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for these positions now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.
CIODEM20

Required Technical and Professional Expertise
5+ years solid Salesforce.com experience with demonstrated track record of success
Strong business process knowledge on Sales Cloud and/or Service Cloud
Proven experience in designing solutions on a Lightning platform
Business Analysis skills and experience with integrating CRM with business systems
Salesforce Certified Administrator
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
Effective at leading implementation and adoption of Sales and Support methodologies within the Salesforce CRM environment
Solid understanding of the Agile methodology
Solid understanding of the implementation and adoption of Lightning and Communities
High degree of CRM Strategy skills
About Business Unit
The Office of the Chief Information Officer (CIO) owns IBMs IT strategy and provides the tools, workstations, devices, and infrastructure that IBMers use to do their jobs every day. Put simply, our mission is to create a productive environment for IBM's 365,000 worldwide employees. Join us as we lead with with design to drive simplicity and ease of use, engineering the systems that run the business, and innovating to transform the business.

Your Life @ IBM
What matters to you when youre looking for your next career challenge?

Maybe you want to get involved in work that really changes the world? What about somewhere with incredible and diverse career and development opportunities where you can truly discover your passion? Are you looking for a culture of openness, collaboration and trust where everyone has a voice? What about all of these? If so, then IBM could be your next career challenge. Join us, not to do something better, but to attempt things you never thought possible.

Impact. Inclusion. Infinite Experiences. Do your best work ever.

About IBM
IBMs greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that progress is made through progressive thinking, progressive leadership, progressive policy and progressive action. IBMers believe that the application of intelligence, reason and science can improve business, society and the human condition. Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are the largest technology and consulting employer in the world, with more than 380,000 IBMers serving clients in 170 countries.

Location Statement
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

Being You @ IBM
IBM is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. IBM is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
