Job Description
POSITION SUMMARY
This position will be the IT Liaison and business representative for all IT Systems. With such, it will listen to Users' needs, advise on best IT/Business solutions, and work with the Global IT team and ISV (Independent Solution Vendors) and engaged Consultants to deliver said solutions. This role is meant to be more of a generalist role with well-rounded experience in IT business solutions as opposed an expert in any one area. With, as of now, being the sole IT role in the US, the generalist role will require a "jack of all trades and "do whatever it takes mentality in supporting our IT needs and Users. Will project manage various IT Projects.
ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND BASIC DUTIES
Liaison between Users and Group IT, ISVs, and Consultants
Liaison with the Company's infrastructure/telephony 3P consultant
Recommend and advise on IT system business solutions
Play Project Manager Role for US on any/all IT Projects, rather large or small
Lead testing and implementation of all IT systems and tactical activities
Troubleshoot critical IT issues, identify root causes, and drive solutions
Serve as systems super user in configuration, troubleshooting, future development, and enhancements.
Monitor system performance and resource utilization
Create and review functional business processes and create functional specifications, design documents, training materials, and end user test scripts.
Communicate effectively with internal and external parties at various management levels concerning application development, scheduling of project phases, and related application service projects
Create and revise as needed any software and hardware policies
Train end-users on IT systems and platforms
Adheres to IT best practices and Industry Standards
Other duties and projects as they arise
QUALIFICATIONS
EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science and/or Business is required
D365 Certification (multiple modules preferred or if only one, a general knowledge of the others and overall D365 capabilities and relationships between modules is vital)
Conversant in EDI and how such interfaces to/from D365 and various EDI platforms used by various customers.
REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE
D365
EDI
Microsoft Outlook365
AX2012
Basic Infrastructure (network, firewalls, security, etc)
BI Tools and data housing and mining skills
Project Management Techniques
General Business Acumen
PCI Understanding
Process mapping
Databases or basic table structure
Knowledge of Box.com
Knowledge of various User Training techniques
EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
5+ years with Dynamics AX/D365
2 years with D365
3+ years in EDI environments
Some Project Management Skills/Experience
Change management experience a plus
SKILLS
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills (customer = users)
Be able to communicate at all levels, from the base, through Global associates, up to Executive management (both US and Global)
Demonstrated ability to be a self-starter and take initiative/ownership
Able to adapt to changing priorities and urgent needs
Dependable, reliable, and strong problem-solving abilities
Excellent organizational skills and attentive to detail, accuracy and completeness
Familiarity with office equipment such as copiers, computers, and printers
Strong verbal and digital communication skills
Ability to work independently as well as part of a team
Works well towards deadlines
Professional behavior and demeanor
Able to work effectively with international teams
Company Description
At EDI Staffing, we strive to provide the best staffing solutions for each of our business disciplines, in honest, resourceful, and creative techniques. Our mission is to connect talented people with great organizations across all industries, while maintaining our company values: accountability, innovation, integrity, teamwork and work ethic.

Our commitment to our values becomes tangible in our daily customer interactions and lifetime customer relationships.

At EDI Staffing, we know that having the right kind of people in your company is vital to any successful business, but we also understand how difficult it can be to find the right person for the job. However, we have almost two decades of experience finding top talent for our clients and can do the same for you.

Our team has been staffing top EDI and IT talent since 1994. As a result, we have gained niche knowledge in the areas of:
EDI and EAI
Microsoft Technologies
SI/GIS
GXS
Information Technology (IT)
Healthcare and HIPAA IT
And more...
