Agency Name:
NYS Dept of Health
Is this a Project/Program specific Position?
Yes
If YES, list the Project/Program Name:
NYS Medicaid Data Warehouse
Provide a short description of the Position:
The Medicaid Data Warehouse Bureau is the primary
repository for Medicaid in New York State and is the main
provider of Business Intelligence about Medicaid Data. The
Bureau is comprised of two functional areas, the Medicaid
Data Warehouse (MDW) and the Medicaid Analytics
Performance Portal (MAPP).
The MDW includes the Medicaid Information Services Center,
a Data Warehouse, business Intelligence capabilities,
reporting capabilities, and user support and litigation
requests. MAPP includes Delivery System Reform Incentive
Payment (DSRIP), Health Homes and Value Based Payment
(VBP) projects
Provide a list of the day to day tasks to be performed by the Selected Candidate:
The Business Analyst will work closely Medicaid Data Warehouse (MDW) program staff, vendor staff, and other stakeholders to define and develop requirements all aspects of the MDW.
Specific duties include:
" Analyzes, develops and revises flow charts, process models and technical specifications describing as-is or to-be Information Technology (IT) systems or business processes
" Prioritizes IT system requirements and gains stakeholder
agreement for IT projects or business process change documents detailing the project
" Assists with developing presentations to justify and explain IT system or business process requirements.
Evaluates the outcomes of systems testing, and confirms that the results are consistent with the system or business process specifications
" Reviews proposals from staff and recommends to management the criticality of revising system or business process requirements during and after IT system implementation, if applicable
" Determines the impact of software and hardware releases on the IT system
" Assists with the development of training related to business
systems implementation for users
" Writes Queries
" Assists in querying Data sources to determine the validity of
project outputs
" Documents data architecture
Number of Position(s) being requested:
(Maximum of 5 per Attachment 7, Section 1.2.1)
1
Position Job Title:
(Per Attachment 4)
Business Analyst
Position Skill Level:
(Per Attachment 4)
Expert
Number of Form 2 Candidate Responses allowed per Contractor, per Position?
(1 or 2 per Attachment 7, Section 1.2.2)
2
Target Start Date:
(30 Business Days minimum and 90 Calendar Days maximum from date of request)
8/18/2020
Engagement Length in Months:
(2 to 30 per Attachment 7, Section 1.2.3)
24 months
Is this a Full or Part-Time Position?
(Full-Time is 40 Hours Per Week)
Full
If Part-Time, enter approximate number of hours per week:
What are the daily work hours?
(Note if negotiable or list preferred start and end time):
8:30 am to 5:00 pm negotiable
Where is the Home Base Region?
(Per Attachment 4)
Region 1
Where is the physical work office located?
431 Broadway, Menands, NY
What type of software is typically used by the Agency?
DB2, Oracle, ETL, SQL, Salient, Tableau, MS Project,
SharePoint, MS Office suite
What type of hardware is typically used by the Agency?
Agency is an Oracle Shop
Position Mandatory Qualification
Business Analyst - Analyzes an organization or business domain (real or hypothetical) and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology with distinct deliverables to a solution.
Expert 84+ months Candidate is able to provide guidance to large teams and/or has extensive industry experience and is considered at the top of his/her field.
Requested Qualification
Bachelor's Degree in Information Technology or Computer
Science or similar field of study
84 months of experience in business analysis in
Information Technology on SDLC projects; including developing business cases, gap analysis, functional and non-function requirements, test cases/plans and participating in User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and reviewing UAT results.
84 months of experience using recognized business analysis methodologies (such as JAD sessions) to elicit business needs and requirements from stakeholders, and developing/revising flow charts, and process models describing as-is or to be system and business processes
60 months experience working for State, Federal or Local government agencies.
60 months of experience querying and interrogating data using complex SQL on DB2 or Oracle platforms using tools such as SQL query tools and using MS Access.
24 months experience with Medicaid and/or health care industry data and its analysis
60 months of experience analyzing and developing reporting needs/reports from three perspectives: senior management, power user, and ad hoc, using industry standard (e.g. Cognos, OBIEE) reporting software.
24 months experience with working in a Project
Management office, working with Project Managers and teams,
and using standardized methodologies (such as waterfall and
agile) and templates, participating in the evaluation of project
readiness for deployment.
Please submit copy of resume, certification, and degree.
Additional Information Requests:
Are there additional security requirements for the Authorized User?
Yes
If YES, include the additional security requirements:
Confidentiality agreements and network access
permissions may be required in this position
Will additional training potentially be required during the Engagement?
Yes
If YES, provide description of anticipated training:
Consultant are required to attend mandatory workplace
training. Examples of currently included courses are: Security
awareness, preventing sexual harassment, preventing
workplace violence, etc
What type and/or manner, of knowledge transfer is requested during the Engagement?
Consultant will work with state staff and transfer knowledge
gained to state staff. Written documentation may be required.
Is travel anticipated during the Engagement?
No
If YES, list anticipated frequency and locations for travel:
