We are looking for an Analyst to join our global Business Intelligence team in New York. This team provides business reporting, tools, and analysis to senior business leaders, driving strategic decisions and profitability maximization throughout the organization. Additionally, the team manages Bernstein’s commission sharing program (CSA), a client-facing function closely aligned with the sales and trading functions.

The group’s responsibilities include:
Design and development of all business metrics and performance reporting
Data Management
Bespoke client analysis
Modeling and scenario analysis
Development and implementation of business-process enhancements
Managerial accounting policy and implementation.
This role provides opportunities to build skills and responsibility. You will interact directly with internal and external clients and work with managers across the Bernstein organization. In addition, you will acquire expertise in the firm’s business practices related to sales, trading and research, and develop rigorous analytical and problem-solving skills. Our team is relatively small, offering you a high level of responsibility and empowering you to quickly make an impactful contribution.
Ideal candidates typically possess:

· Excellent analytical and problem-solving skill

· Strong Interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate across departments to resolve issues

· Relentless intellectual curiosity and a drive to excel at the highest level

· Facility with Python, SQL, and Excel is highly desired

· Bachelor's degree in finance or related field with 2-3 years of experience in financial services is preferred. Familiarity with the brokerage industry is also a plus.
We look for consummate team players who are detail-oriented and have excellent oral and written communication skills and who can perform and maintain a positive attitude in a demanding environment. This role has high growth potential and historically, our associate positions have proven to be excellent platforms for successful professional careers in finance as well as continuing education in related fields.
New York City, New York
