Business Analyst, Transaction Advisory Services (Capital Transformation - Strategy & Operations)(Manager) (Multiple Positions), Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, New York, NY.

Serve as a Strategy & Operations professional to prepare and execute mergers and acquisition plans to maximize synergies and financial benefits from transactions. Understand the factors that drive successful mergers and acquisitions, and apply knowledge of the organizations involved in a deal to drive operational value.  Provide operationally focused support and advice across the transaction life cycle (including carve-out, due diligence and integration), whether supporting an acquirer or seller.  Focus on enhancing value, accelerating implementation and managing operational transaction risk.  Support and advise on operational aspects, from carve-out readiness and support, operational due diligence, synergy assessment and delivery, day-one readiness assessment and 100-day planning, to support the integration process.

Manage and motivate teams of professionals with diverse skills and backgrounds. Consistently deliver quality client services by monitoring progress. Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Maintain long-term client relationships and networks. Cultivate business development opportunities.

Full time employment, Monday – Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am – 5:30 pm.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor's degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Computer Science, Engineering or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate work experience. Alternatively, will accept a Master's degree in Business, Finance, Accounting, Computer Science, Engineering or related field and 4 years of work experience.

Must have 1 year of experience in business integrations, divestitures, or carve-outs including experience with quantitative and qualitative analysis.

Must have 3 years of experience in conducting assessments of technology, finance, operations, manufacturing, or supply chain infrastructure.

Must have 1 year of experience in the integration or separation of client operations.

Must have 1 year of experience in a consulting or professional services firm in mergers and acquisitions, which includes merger integrations, divestitures, and/or carve-outs.

Must have 1 year of experience in synthesizing approaches in complex integration or divestiture conflicts.

Must have 1 year of experience in project/engagement management, including managing engagements and engagement related budgets, as well as managing, developing and coaching professional employees.

Requires domestic and international travel up to 80% to serve client needs.

Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.

TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on “Find jobs” (Job Number – NEW00QIQ).

EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.

This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
