The IT Business Analyst Candidate will serve as the liaison between the executive and IT departments of our company, leveraging the data the IT team extrapolates while also overseeing the selection and implementation of software programs and hardware resources. The ideal candidate for this position is detail-oriented and highly innovative. He or she will also be responsible for translating business needs to IT solutions, and vice versa, with current programs, projects and initiatives in mind. This position is located in Wilmington, CA.
Key Job Duties:
Experience in both information technology and business administration
Assume responsibility for project tasks and ensure they are completed in a timely fashion
Evaluate, test and recommend new opportunities for enhancing our software, hardware and IT processes
Monitored and controlled job cost process and tracked expenses, increasing sales and profits
Established quality control processes, resulting in substantial defect margins reduction
Coordinated deliverables and shipping logistics by incorporating and controlling business processes and guidelines.
Compile and distribute reports on application development and deployment
Estimated initial project costs and resource
Elicit, analyze, document, validate, and provide user acceptance of requirements and business processes
Create artifacts including business cases, business requirement documentation, process modeling, data flows, workflows, impact analysis, and gap analysis leveraging Al Dahra ACX standards, procedures, and processes
Participate in documenting and evaluating work processes and business re-engineering opportunities using a variety of approved techniques
Contribute to the ideation, definition, and development of business needs that will yield improvement and value to county technology, services
Support of ACX’s custom production processing system
Support of JD Edwards and Sage financial applications
Understanding key ACX business processes and workflows, in order to develop and tailor applications and systems to support the processes and workflows
Conduct Usability testing with end users including prototyping potential solutions.
Assign, instruct, coach, mentor, and monitor workload of other Business Analysts on projects and assignments.
1st and 2nd Line Support role for Sage X3, which requires application support of Sage X3 as well as technical support with diagnostic skills, Sage X3 service packs and patches etc.
Must be able to do continuous and ongoing mapping of Sage X3 for company requirements for functional specifications.
Keep track of on-going migration of customer data from existing systems.
Prepare use case scenarios for ensuring all business rules.
Install and test application functionality and compatibility of software products.
Manage software upgrades and support solutions.
Qualifications
Minimum of 7 years of Information Technology and Business Administration
At least 4 years in managing an IT Team and leading projects
Bachelor’s Degree or Master's Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Business Analysis and/or Computer Engineering or a related field from an accredited institution whose accreditation is recognized by the U.S. Department of Education or the Council for Higher Education Accreditation
Prior experience working and/or supporting ERP (manufacturing), SAGE, CRM, Business Intelligence, and/or HCM systems; Working knowledge of SQL
Advanced level skills in MS Office (Project, Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook), and the ability to work within Web based applications
Agricultural background preferred
