Business Analyst, Tools & Reporting
Los AngelesOperations - Product opsExperienced
Responsibilities
About the Role:
We’re looking for passionate candidates ready to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment at the intersection of entertainment and technology.

As a Business Analyst on TikTok's US Tools and Reporting team, you will be instrumental in building, testing, and validating high-quality, source-of-truth tools and reports across internal stakeholders and business leaders. In this critical position, you will leverage analyses and suggest data-driven solutions to enable your key partners to draw relevant conclusions throughout the product and operations lifecycle. You will be a champion and project manager for development of new tools such as a user communications or market research platform when necessary. You will also play a significant role in scaling and automating self-service insights within departmental workflows as our organization grows.

This position is full-time and based in our Los Angeles, CA location.

Responsibilities:
Interview key stakeholders to reveal operational inefficiencies and uncover hidden problems beyond what is obvious
Utilize data visualization and descriptive statistics to connect disparate ideas into cohesive, well-grounded insights for scalable and intuitive reporting
Analyze quantitative and qualitative datasets to generate impact-driven recommendations for cross-functional partners including Product, Music, Content Programming, and Creator Partnerships.
Potential to own, manage and in some cases advocate business cases for development of new tools
Communicate effectively with technical and non-technical audiences both verbally and in writing
Hold oneself accountable for contribution goals and acts with a sense of urgency, embracing high-value stretch over safe goals
Qualifications
- 1-3 years of experience in data science or analytics role
Proficiency in SQL - able to write structured queries on large data sets
Takes a measured and thoughtful approach to difficult situations, be comfortable with ambiguity, and be able to bounce back quickly from team challenges
Self-motivated individual with strong organizational and problem solving skills including the ability to transition between detailed data and high-level insights.
Four-year degree or equivalent in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, engineering, or other technical field.
Preferred experience in statistical programming (e.g., R, Python, MATLAB)
Preferred experience with a data visualization tool (e.g. Mode Analytics/Chartio/Tableau/Qlikview)
Preferred experience working with international partners at different time zones
Apply
Share to
