Job Title:
Principal Business Analyst

Full Time/ Part Time:
Full-time

Job Description:
Primary Purpose

Provides high level technical support in developing, monitoring and reporting of business unit financial plans, supporting Company and business unit strategic decision-making and evaluating financial impact of major business and regulatory issues. Provides high level technical support to business unit segments in financial consulting, process costing, process improvement, new product/services development planning, and performance measurement support and analysis.

Duties and Responsibilities
Prepares business unit financial plans and supports business unit management in preparation of strategic plans.
Prepares analyses of financial and operational data to assist operational departments and business unit management to achieve performance targets.
Supports the Company and business unit in regulatory proceedings such as general rate case applications, performance based regulation proceedings and special filings including performing financial analyses of major business and regulatory issues and new product/service programs.
Manages business unit revenue and cost planning and analysis and provides support to management in development and coordination of the resource allocation process at the business unit including modifying and/or improving the process as business needs change.
Acts as the financial resource for business unit segments relative to financial planning, analysis and budgeting, new product/services development and implementation, workflow analysis and costing information to evaluate and ensure competitiveness.
Manages the tracking and analysis of operational and financial performance measures and indicators.
Coordinates the preparation of OM and capital budgets for business unit segments that this position is responsible for.
Evaluates and analyzes proposed rulemaking with respect to financial impact to the business unit and the Company.
Analyzes information requirements and leads development of computerized solutions to meet such requirements.
Manages and develops a team of business/financial planning consultants.
Performs other duties as assigned (no more than 5% of duties).
Qualifications:
Qualifications

Education
Bachelor's Degree Accounting, Finance, or Business Administration, or equivalent experience. Required
CPA, CMA, MBA and/or other professional certifications/advanced degrees. Preferred
Experience
8 years relevant experience required.
Skills and Abilities
Possesses a high level of specialized knowledge regarding financial, accounting and regulatory matters and is considered an expert/authority in these areas.
Full understanding of the "big picture" and ability to interpret accounting, regulatory and financial theories and concepts, and develop alternative solutions to the Company's current business and regulatory issues to enhance competitive positioning and maximize shareholder value.
Experienced project leader. Able to organize, plan, control, coordinate, and effectively manage cross-functional assignments and projects.
Able to convey complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to technical and non-technical audience.
Strong interpersonal skills. Able to persuade and influence those with divergent views to achieve a consensus.
Good knowledge of "generally accepted accounting principles. Advanced understanding of the interrelationship of utility rate making, tax, and finance concepts. Must have a strong understanding of accounting and costing principles and methodologies.
Must have the ability to interpret accounting and financial theories and to apply them in problem solving.
Must have the ability to identify issues, analyze data, develop, recommend, and implement solutions.
Must possess initiative, decision-making skills and problem-solving abilities.
Licenses and Certifications
CPA, CMA, MBA and/or other professional certifications/advanced degrees. Preferred
Posting End Date:
Jul 27, 2020
