We are a new laser tag in West Covina! We have 11 other locations in Russia with a 4.7 rating from people.
Our company is looking for a skilled Business Manager to lead and supervise the work of our employees. You will be in charge of designing business strategies and managing all day-to-day operations to guarantee company efficiency.
We require at least one year experience in a similar position in any laser tag, entertainment center, restaurant or related industry.
Not only Superb interpersonal and leadership skills are vital for this role but also original ideas and high problem-solving skills. Suitable candidates should also be excellent written and verbal communicators, and possess the ability to identify opportunities for growth.
Responsibilities:
Assess and identify new opportunities for growth in current and prospective markets.
Establish the company’s goals and objectives.
Train new employees.
Perform regular employee evaluations to determine areas of improvement.
Design business strategies and plans to meet the company goals.
Make sure that the company has sufficient resources such as personnel, material, and equipment.
Develop a comprehensive company budget and perform periodic budget analyses.
Ensure all company activities adhere to legal guidelines and policies.
Assess overall company performance.
Designing and implementing business plans and strategies to promote the attainment of goals
Ensuring that the company has the adequate and suitable resources to complete its activities
Supervise the work of employees and provide feedback and counsel to improve efficiency and effectiveness
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Business Management or other related fields.
At least one year experience in a similar position in any laser tag, entertainment center, restaurant or related industry.
Outstanding problem-solving abilities.
Leadership skills
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Working knowledge of the latest business policies and regulations.
Demonstrable analytical thinking & business insight.
Thorough understanding of diverse business processes and strategy development
