--------
Important: The hiring process for this role is managed by Dolphin, which has made 24K+ matches at jobs tackling the biggest challenges facing society (climate change, poverty, civil rights, infectious diseases, space exploration and more). Browse other high-impact jobs at withdolphin.com.

--------

Our client is a fast growing machine learning company that analyzes clinical healthcare data to generate actionable insights that improve the lives of over fifty million patients a year in the U.S. and Europe.

They are seeking a proactive, multi-tasking, and collaborative Business Analyst to join their Los Angeles team. In this role, you will work collaboratively with multiple teams and key stakeholders and be responsible for business operations of the company.

The primary focus of the role is to ensure effective communication and serve as a liaison between researchers, engineers, product teams, designers, and senior leaders. The ideal candidate must be self-directed to support the needs of different teams and products.

How You’ll Contribute
Document project requirements from a business and technical perspective; Work on product documentations, such as product FAQs, internal wiki pages, and training materials to help promote the broader team’s product knowledge
Communicate detailed requirement specifications to the development team
Do user research and explore user requirements, write user stories, and work with engineers to prioritize and launch features.
Own and develop relationship with partners, working with them to optimize and enhance our integration.
What We’re Looking for
2+ years of technology industry experience working as a business/technical analyst
Experience conducting and administering several types of testing, for instance, User acceptance testing (UAT), regression testing, integration testing, etc.
Experience with ownership of deliverables for analytics or leading data-driven large-scale product features
Solid experience in writing SQL queries
Basic knowledge in generating process documentation
Strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills
Bonus Points If You Have
Experience in technical product enterprise solutions and technical client facing integrations
Real-world coding experience in Python, Java, C++, Perl
Experience delivering commercial applications in AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud platform
--------
Important: The hiring process for this role is managed by Dolphin, which has made 24K+ matches at jobs tackling the biggest challenges facing society (climate change, poverty, civil rights, infectious diseases, space exploration and more). Browse other high-impact jobs at withdolphin.com.

--------

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 - $120,000.00 per year

Experience:
Business Analysis: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Language:
English (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
