The Product Strategy Group works to ensure the Company offers competitive products that provide growth and profitability. The group performs a wide range of analytics and uses both internal and external data sources to achieve these ends. We interact and provide guidance primarily to Product, Marketing & Finance.
As the Company expands its product offerings, there are rapidly growing needs to use both external and internal data sources to ensure optimal financial and operational performance. The Product Data Analyst is a highly skilled and proficient in their discipline which adds value to the organization. The role will focus on internal data sources, ensuring we have access to the required data and are using effective reports to monitor and interpret this data.
Company Perks:
Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses
Stamps Company Overview:
Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

Primary Objectives:
Ensure Product, Operations and Product Strategy groups have timely access to reliable data to make critical, real-time business decisions
Develop a strong working relationship with the Company’s Business Intelligence group; serve as the primarily liaison between the above-mentioned groups and BI
Drive the data reporting strategy for these groups; develop reports to the specifications of these teams; and evaluate appropriate software tools to most efficiently meet team needs
Essential Position Duties:
Acquire, clean, and structure data from multiple sources; analyze data to discover and interpret trends, patterns, and relationships. Working across departments, help us ensure data quality and present data in a way that makes it easy to communicate among different groups.
Master large data sets with SQL and Tableau
Build dashboards and reports, presenting key insights and ensuring data driven actions to improve the business
Seek out improvements in current internal reporting and performance monitoring to drive more accuracy, better insights, and more streamlined processes
Perform other duties as assigned

Additional Job Duties:
Sit for prolonged periods of time
Utilize wrist and hands for a prolonged period of time
Walk short distances
Stand for short periods
Speaking and conversing with others
Lift up to 25lbs without assistance up to chest height
Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor degree, preferably in a quantitative/analytical field.
Four or more (4+) years of relevant experience.
Skills and Knowledge:
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, including ability to analyze large amounts of data and be able to make recommendations based on identification of trend and gaps along with creating forecasts based on historical data.
Excellent analytical and fact-based problem solving skills, with strong attention to detail.
Must be a self-starter and ready to work in an intense but fun environment with our existing team of marketing professionals.
Strong communication and relationship-building skills.
Self-motivated individual who is able to prioritize and multi-task.
Works well under pressure and able to meet tight deadlines.
Ability to conduct complex work under minimal supervision and with wide latitude for independent judgement.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Advanced Excel user, with strong SQL knowledge
Experience with visualization software such as Tableau required
Travel Requirements:
None anticipated
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
#LI-KD1
