PlayStation isn't just the Best Place to Play -it's also the Best Place to Work. We've thrilled gamers since 1994, when we launched the original PlayStation. Today, we're recognized as a global leader in interactive and digital entertainment. The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

Sr. Business Analyst

Los Angeles, CA

Responsibilities:
Extract and integrate data from multiple databases/system sources via SQL and reporting tools to support status reporting and analytical efforts related to ecommerce management, services, execution, planning and tracking. Develop and manipulate spreadsheets, databases, and data and web analytical tools
Cross service analysis that focuses on video, music and gaming divisions.
An understanding of a la carte and subscription based business models.
Defining the annual budget across services including revenue and cost projections, operating profit and P&L view development
Tracking and reporting multiple critical financial indicators to leadership on a monthly basis including revenue, studio and label revenue share payments, development and marketing costs, marketing value analysis, etc.
Financial modeling of various business structure, M&A options for various services within the business
Financial modeling and business case development for new growth ventures across services.
Assist Business Strategy and Analytics team in developing informative and meaningful analysis of Sony' Network Services and Product Offerings
Develop data analysis and status reports as the need arises to meet management requirements
Provide thought-leadership in ongoing financial measurement and analysis of SIE's services. Identify new insights and opportunities for analytic projects
Analyze data from online marketing campaigns: user response, web site conversions, feature usage, attrition rates. Support online customer analyses, such as: Customer Segmentation, Retention Analysis, Lifetime Value Analysis, Marketing return on investment, Brand Research, Site Utilization
Provide detailed monthly and quarterly financial overviews to management. Participate and support in delivering results and presentations to clients
Qualifications:
SQL programming skills required
R Visualization experience
SPSS Modeler/SAS (Enterprise Guide)/SAS (Enterprise Miner) or similar experience
Business Model development and Forecasting abilities
Minimum 4 years of experience in a business intelligence role, marketing analysis, business and/or financial management tasks for commercial organizations, preferably within the ecommerce space.
A BA/BS Degree is required
Experience with standard BI Tools (Tableau, MicroStrategy, Business Objects, , Cognos, etc.) and web tools including Omniture, DFA, Webtrends, Visual Science, Coremetrics, WebSideStory, etc
Expert user of Microsoft Office (Work, Excel, Access, Project, and PowerPoint) as well as Visio in order to prepare all documents, presentations, tables, briefings, and worksheets Strong written & verbal communication skills
You are familiar with the PlayStation Network
Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, age, legally protected physical or mental disability, covered veteran status, status in the U.S. uniformed services, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information or membership in any other legally protected category.

We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.

We sincerely appreciate the time and effort you spent in contacting us and we thank you for your interest in PlayStation.

#LI-GD1
