"The front page of the internet," Reddit brings over 430 million people together each month through their common interests, inviting them to share, vote, comment, and create across thousands of communities. Come for the cats, stay for the empathy.

Reddit's Finance team is seeking a Sales Finance Analyst (SFA) who will be an exceptional addition to our Digital Advertising Financial Planning and Analysis team. As a SFA at Reddit, you will be a critical part of refining Reddit's growing Advertising business by providing financial insights to further improve Advertising Sales' top-and bottom-line, getting comprehensive exposure to the full P&L of Reddit's advertising arm. The right person for this role will find career development in both the Finance and Advertising Sales worlds. If you are someone who is passionate about growing with a rising business, values efficiency and creative problem-solving using financial/quantitative metrics, and thrives in a fast-paced, open and fast-growing environment, then this is a great role for you!

Responsibilities:

This position will work closely to provide strong support to the Ad Sales, Ad Operations, and Accounting teams. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must. The ideal candidate will have Ad Revenue experience, preferably in the advertising or digital media/entertainment industry. You will gain an understanding of the digital and mobile advertising sales process from inception to collection. Specific responsibilities will include:
Reviewing, analyzing, and approving Customer Credit Lines for Advertising spend based on Credit Reports
Reviewing sales orders for accuracy and completeness through Salesforce
Auditing delivery of campaigns and provide appropriate billing information to the Accounting Team and ensuring forecast accuracy
Investigating and resolving any variances from our forecast to actuals down to the advertiser level
Identifying process improvements and efficiencies by collaborating with the sales and accounting teams to create and/or improve new and existing internal systems and processes
Preparing various billing/revenue reports for management review
Providing support for the annual financial statement audit, periodic internal audits, and other Billing related requests
Serving as a liaison between the Sales, Ad Operations, and Accounting teams
Preparing ad revenue reconciliations for multiple revenue accounts during the month end close process
Providing support and preparing other ad hoc analyses and projects as needed
Ultimately we are looking for someone who is flexible, eager, and willing to build from the ground up!

Requirements:
Bachelor's Degree – in Accounting or Finance
2 to 4 years of work experience in the area of revenue within media/entertainment or related; Advertising industry background is a strong plus
Strong accounting knowledge of debits and credits required
Strong knowledge of Salesforce and Netsuite
Knowledge and experience with Credit Reports (i.e. Dun & Bradstreet, Refinitiv, Experian, etc.)
Exceptional analytical, problem-solving skills, and strong Excel skills required
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization
A proactive, self-directed approach with the ability to multi-task, think creatively, and learn quickly in a fast-paced environment
Detail-oriented and have a high sense of urgency and exceptional organizational and project managing skills
