Warp2Biz is a Pasadena-based internet & phone service provider which has served the Southern California area for over 10 years. We are a small company which requires candidates to be versatile and proactive in how they approach their job.

We're looking for a honest, hard-working & intelligent candidate whose primary role will be assisting our CEO with administrative, marketing and analytical tasks related sales and marketing. This role is customer facing which requires the candidate to have a high level of professionalism in how they handle client & vendor interactions.

Job Requirements:
A proactive approach to problem-solving with strong decision-making skills.
At least 2-3 years experience with social media marketing
At least 2-3 years experience with branding and marketing
Demonstrate past experience with creating and executing successful social media, phone, direct and email marketing campaigns using targeted lead/prospect databases.
Professional level verbal and written communications skills.
Ability to organize a daily workload by priorities.
Past experience with utilizing social media for commercial marketing purposes.
Ability to analyze customer and market data to assist with developing a marketing strategy and present to management
Proven experience as an assistant or other relevant administrative support experience.
Must be able to meet deadlines in a fast-paced quickly changing environment.
In-depth understanding of entire MS Office suite.
Role Responsibilities:
Communicating with clients & vendors as proxy to CEO.
Researching and conducting data to prepare documents for review and presentation.
Helping prepare for meetings.
Using various software, including word processing, spreadsheets, databases, and presentation software.
Reading and analyzing incoming memos, submissions, and distributing them as needed.
Experience as a virtual assistant.
Opening, sorting and distributing incoming faxes, emails, and other correspondence.
Provide general administrative support.
Job Types: Full-time, Part-time

Pay: $25.00 - $30.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Weekends
Experience:
Marketing/Office Administration: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
