The City of Pasadena Department of Information Technology is seeking a skilled Business Systems Analyst to evaluate and analyze business processes and operations in departments and divisions throughout the city and implement technology solutions to meet business and operational requirements.

IDEAL CANDIDATE
The ideal candidate possesses strong IT technical knowledge with experience documenting business requirements, defining scope and objectives and formulating systems and approaches. The successful candidate will have a background supporting Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) and/or Human Resources and Payroll applications.

The City offers outstanding benefits, including 9/80 schedules with alternative Fridays off. Learn more about working for the Department of Information Technology here.

This recruitment is open until filled, with a first review of applications scheduled for July 16, 2020. Apply now!

Essential Functions

The major responsibilities of this position are listed below. For more detailed information, please review the job description.
Provides ongoing improvements and support of the Tyler Munis ERP System, and related systems;
Facilitates implementation of new system capabilities, workflow and reporting improvements;
Leads the interface between business needs and technical execution;
Develops business process requirements and improvements;
Facilitates development of priorities with managers;
Coordinates and participates in applications testing and problem resolution; and
Provides a variety of user support and training.
Qualification Guidelines

COMPETENCIES
The following list represents the core competencies needed for success in this position.
Attention to Detail - Focusing on the details of work content, work steps, and final work products
Innovation - Imagining and devising new and better ways of doing things
Self-Management - Showing personal organization, self-discipline, and dependability
Business Process Analysis -- Defining, assessing, and improving operational processes and workflow
Leveraging Technology - Applying technology for improvements in organizational efficiency and effectiveness
Analyzing & Interpreting Data - Drawing meaning and conclusions from quantitative or qualitative data
Critical Thinking - Analytically and logically evaluating information, propositions, and claims
Professional & Technical Expertise - Applying technical subject matter to the job
EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE
Minimum Qualifications:
Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in business or public administration, management information systems or a closely related field; and
Three (3) years of progressively responsible experience in professional business systems analysis
Desirable Qualifications:
Experience with an ERP application and related modules such as Human Resources, Payroll etc. is highly preferred.
SELECTION PROCESS:
The tentative selection process will consist of a training and experience evaluation, a panel interview, and a department-level interview.

VACANCY INFORMATION:
There is currently one vacancy in the Department of Information and Technology.

The resulting eligibility list from this recruitment may be used to fill this vacancy and similar vacancies in the future.

Candidates selected for this position are subject to a one year probationary work period.
Special Requirements

Must possess a valid California Class C driver's license and comply with the City's Motor Vehicle Safety Policy during the course of employment.

Valid certification from the International Institute of Business Analysis as a Certified Business Analyst Professional (CBAP) or a Certification of Competency in Business Analysis (CCBA) is preferred.

For certain assignments, successful completion of a comprehensive background investigation is required, including a review of employment history, criminal conviction record, use of intoxicants and/or other controlled substances. In these cases, incumbents may be asked to work at secure locations and access highly confidential materials and information, in addition to working on systems that have city-wide impacts.

Effective January 1, 2013, new members to CalPERS or an agency with CALPERS' reciprocity or who have more than a six month break in service between employment in a CalPERS (or reciprocal) agency will be subject to the provisions of the Public Employees' Pension Reform Act of 2013 (PEPRA) and will receive the 2% @ 62 benefit formula.

Employees who are current members of CalPERS or an agency with CalPERS' reciprocity, or who have less than a six month break in service between employment in a CalPERS (or reciprocal) agency and employment with the City will be enrolled in the 2.5% @ 55 benefit formula.

All employees are required to pay the full employee contribution to CalPERS.

Click link below to review the City's excellent benefits package https://ww5.cityofpasadena.net/human-resources/employee-benefits/

The City is closed on alternate Fridays and most staff observe a 9/80 work schedule.

01

Which Human Resources/Payroll applications have you worked with previously? Did you have a role in the review and implementation of new features or modules? If so, please describe your involvement?

02

What are some of the changes that may impact payroll system configurations following a union negotiation

03

Describe the most complex process/issue in which you analyzed information and evaluated results to choose the best solution to a problem.

04

What experience do you have, if any, with CalPERS processing and reporting?

05

Please describe your experience working with an ERP system vendor in terms of implementing new features/modules, support on troubleshooting a functional issue etc.?

06

Do you have experience with Excel Pivot Tables? If yes, please describe.

07

What is your highest level of education achieved?
High School diploma or equivalent
Some college
Associate's degree
Bachelor's degree
Master's or advanced degree

08

What best describes your years of experience in professional business systems analysis?
Less than 3 years
3-5 years
More than 5 years

Required Question
