Position Number: 341660

Location: Burbank, CA 91501

Position Type: Temporary

Required Skill Set:
HTML5, Java, Python, SQL, XML

Position Description:
**C2C is not available**
*Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**
Title:Business Analyst - Contractor Specialist
Duration:06/29/2020 to 01/23/2021
Location: Burbank, CA

Descriptions:

Areas of Focus: Perform design and development of reports/dashboards using a range of modern business intelligence tools, including, Tableau, Alteryx (for ETL), Power BI or similar BI tools (e.g., Business Objects) in an Agile methodology. SQL knowledge is a must. Having hands on experience in web development including HTML5, Java/.Net to render Tableau reports into a web page is an add-on advantage for this role. Having Python/R coding knowledge is nice to have. Ability to work with internal customers to understand, translate and document reporting and dashboard requirements. Experience with data modeling in support of systems migration or similar projects. Create reports/dashboards and perform data collection and analysis utilizing data from various Client internal systems, including Oracle, SQL Server, relational databases as well other sources (e.g., data warehouse, vendor extracts, XML, JSON and flat file / text based structures).

Technical Skills:
Must haves: Tableau, Alteryx, SQL
Add-On advanatge : HTML5, Java/.Net
Nice to have: Python/R coding
General: Propensity to quickly learn and apply new technologies as dictated by project needs. Demonstrate flexibility in extracting and blending data from multiple source systems. Ability to adapt quickly to change in a complex project environment.

Additional:
Bachelors degree required
8+ years of experience in the relevant functional and technical area described above
Expert understanding of databases, data relationships, quality and integrity.
Requires well developed communication skills, including excellence working in a team setting.
Ability to keep up with technological changes, techniques and improvements, and apply those to current environment.
Excellent customer service focus, and excellent organizational and time management skills.
Capable of multi-tasking in a fast paced working environment.
Problem solving skills including the ability to research and answers key questions not answerable using known sources.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.
Demonstrated ability to provide status updates on project deliverables and autonomy in working against expected timelines.

Education: Bachelors

#CBRose#
