As a leading mobile games developer, Jam City is looking to “level up” our talent. We’re on the hunt for innovators who consider themselves dynamic, collaborative, and thrive in a fast-paced environment.

PERKS & BENEFITS
Unlimited Vacation, Paid Sick Days & Holidays
100% Employee Covered Medical, Dental, Vision Plan Base Plan
Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More
Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens
Yoga & Wellness Activities
Happy Hours
Company Events
Dog Friendly

As a Marketing Analyst, you will play a key role in driving marketing strategies and decisions for Jam City’s Publishing and Product Marketing teams. Working across a variety of projects, you’ll conduct detailed analyses to understand the impact of brand marketing, social, app store optimization (ASO), store featuring, and more.

You will be responsible for creating and monitoring dashboards, building complex data models and performing ad hoc analyses - with the goal of forecasting the impact and understanding the ROI of initiatives.

The ideal candidate works well in a highly collaborative environment and is able to drive their own projects independently. Strong mobile game knowledge is a must, as well as experience with product, digital marketing and direct response campaigns.
RESPONSIBILITIES:
Partner closely with the Publishing, Data, & Product Marketing teams to identify impactful business problems, translate them into structured analysis, & effectively communicate the results
Aid in evaluating new marketing channels/partners, acquisition & retention initiatives to drive installs, & live game engagement
Conduct quantitative analysis, ad hoc reports, & statistical models to support decisions related to: brand marketing, social media, App Store Optimization, & featuring.
Build & maintain BI tools in partnership with Central Analytics to make informed decisions quickly while empowering others cross functionally to have information readily accessible
Work closely with Data Science to produce forecasting models for install lifts, explore app store trends, analyze the impact of ASO efforts, and spot anomalies in store conversion
Work with the Data Platform & central Analytics team to facilitate data ingestion & troubleshoot issues
Stay up-to-date on current & upcoming innovations & capabilities in the mobile gaming space
QUALIFICATION:
Advanced degree (or equivalent) in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Math, Economics or in Computer Science with Modeling/Data Science coursework
4+ Years Work Experience in gaming or mobile gaming including experience with building predictive models
Advanced SQL skills & familiarity with Spark (Databricks in particular) a plus.
Familiarity with relational databases, data transformation, data mining, & ad hoc analysis
Advanced experience in Tableau or other similar visualization tool, spreadsheet analysis (e.g., Excel), presentation creation (e.g., PowerPoint)
Familiarity with analytics and marketing tools, as well as knowledge in mobile measurement tracking tools (Adjust, Tune, etc.).
Understanding of quantitative marketing concepts including CPI/CPM, LTV, ARPU, churn, conversion
Skilled in analyzing data & drawing appropriate conclusions. Able to effectively translate statistical findings to marketing strategies that will positively impact the business.
Ability to work with Database & Statistical applications; can automate routine procedures and create tools that increase productivity & efficiency.
Team oriented with the ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects in a fast-paced, fluid environment
Passion for mobile games, able to represent multiple audience perspectives
Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree
ABOUT JAM CITY
Jam City is an award-winning mobile entertainment studio providing unique and deeply engaging games that appeal to a broad, global audience.

Led by CEO Chris DeWolfe, former MySpace co-founder and CEO, and COO Josh Yguado, former 20th Century Fox executive, Jam City is the creative powerhouse behind some of the highest-grossing and most enduring mobile games. Jam City’s global franchise Cookie Jam has generated more than half a billion dollars, and Panda Pop has more than 120 million downloads to date.

The company also is the go-to studio for Hollywood, having developed immersive, narrative-rich mobile games around iconic entertainment brands. The company’s popular RPG game Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery was the #1 game in more than 40 countries at its launch in April 2018.

Jam City has nine studios located in Los Angeles (HQ), Berlin, Buenos Aires, Bogotá, Burbank, Cedar Falls, San Diego, San Francisco, and Toronto.
