Job Description

CACI is seeking fully cleared, dynamic technical professionals to join our TETRA program in the Northern, Virginia area. Be part of something greater than yourself and make a lasting impact at CACI. TETRA is an Enterprise IT Program that supports and protects the IC mission. The program is a portfolio of hundreds of projects funded by numerous customers providing Engineering and Sustainment services for a Global Information Technology Enterprise. As a team, we architect, develop, engineer, maintain, and provide continuous sustainment of enterprise level communications in support of the customers mission worldwide. We also provide secure, reliable, and cost-effective enterprise class data center hosting services, in which we develop, integrate, and maintain.

What Youll Get to Do:

CACIs Business and Information Technology Solutions (BITS) Sector is seeking a collaborative, self-starter to join our team. As a Data Scientist, you will be an expert working a data centric solution for the customer by providing knowledge and expertise in enterprise data strategy, data governance practices, data stewardship principles, data architecture principles, data standards, and metadata management best practices. You will also, be responsible for supporting web-based application development through strong data analysis and data quality assessment of project efforts. This position is a high visibility position within the team with frequent interaction with client working on critical applications. Your customer service, teaming, and collaboration skills will enable improved data design within the cross-functional team.

Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Must possess demonstrated knowledge and expertise in enterprise data strategy, data governance practices, data stewardship principles, data architecture principles, data standards, and metadata management best practices
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong knowledge of data modeling and design techniques for relational and multidimensional databases
Strong data analysis and data quality assessment skills
Significant experience with popular database management systems (DBMS) products, such as Oracle and MySQL
Ability to translate requirements into end-to-end designs for systems that involve multiple interfaces and support data repositories
Specific experience in three (3) or more of the following technology areas:
Data profiling, data mining, and metadata repositories
Business intelligence/data warehousing solution
Service oriented architecture (SOA)
Data management technologies, such as extract, transform, load (ETL)
Education & Experience Required:
12 Years of job-related experience and High School/GED diploma
10 Years of job-related experience and Associates degree
8 Years of job-related experience and Bachelors degree
6 Years of job-related experience and Masters degree
4 Years of job-related experience and Doctorate
These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Strong customer service skills, time management skills, and ability to collaborate within a cross-functional team
Ability to explain technical issues clearly and accurately to technical and non-technical audiences
Experience with previous software development
Work Hours:
Core hours: 9:30AM 2:30PM
Work Location:

Dulles, VA
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.
BITS1

BITS3

Job Location

US-Chantilly-VA-VIRGINIA SUBURBAN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
