CRM Business Analyst As per our client call today below is the JD for CRM BA position .It is an onsite position in Brea, CA (may be allowed to work offsite forsometime because of COVID-19) but after COVID settles down he needs to relocate to Client site. Analyst as a consultant to support the CRM applications for the Field Sales, Sales Operations, Marketing, Sales Management business functions. The candidate must have extensive experience in business systems analysis, software quality assurance testing, writing and listening skills, cloud implementation, and is able to work independently once provided direction and objectives. This role will be working with the Business users to document business requirements and process diagrams and translate them into functional requirements for development. Collaborate with team members to analyze end user issues and requests and perform functional and regression testing to support the execution of Customer Relationship Management strategies. Responsibilities include middot Participating in deployment projects as a business analyst ndash including but not limited to requirements analysis, requirements documentation, and the creation and execution of test scripts. middot Documenting business requirements, process diagrams and flows, functional requirements and data mapping. middot Development and execution of testing of CRM application functionality in support of the release plan. middot Performing functional testing and regression testing to validate the changes before moving to production. middot Incorporating industry best practice in requirements analysis and system testing methodologies into standard work middot Supporting various business functions such as field sales and internal sales operation users on the all sales and marketing application and related business processes by analyzing and troubleshooting end user reported application issues. middot Facilitating update and collaboration meetings with the business users and IT team. middot Staying abreast of the trends in technology in support of CRM. middot Other tasks and duties as assigned. Minimum Requirements middot Bachelorrsquos degree, preferably in computer science, business, or other relevant field. middot 5 ndash 7 years of relevant business analysis and QA experience, preferably in healthcare or other relevant field. middot Experience in Salesforce and SAP Cloud for Customer applications middot Experience working in and understanding large, complex global deployment projects. middot Well versed in test planning and execution middot Well versed in waterfall SDLC and agile scrum methodologies. middot Salesforce administrator certification is a huge plus. Skills Qualifications middot Deep understanding of CRM Sales, Service and Quote To Cash processes. middot Detailed understanding of and experience with building formal user and functional requirements, and quality assurance artifacts. middot Experience having worked functionally across the organization to ensure global alignment on the use and impact of any changes in the applications. middot Understands system infrastructure, and master data models. middot Experience having been an active participant in complex systems projects and project groups. middot Strong interpersonal skills with the proven ability to collaborate with cross functional teams. middot Strong verbal and written communication skills middot Ability to liaise at all levels under pressure. middot Strong training and technical presentation skills. middot Demonstrated ability to multi-task and prioritize in a fast-paced environment. middot A Certificate in any of the following is a plus Business Analysis, Systems Analysis, Salesforce.com. middot SAP, SAP Cloud for Customer, Marketo knowledge a plus
