Climb to new heights on your journey when you start Defining Possible with Northrop Grumman. Enjoy a purposeful career in aeronautics that is crucial to the way we connect and protect our world across land, sea, and air. Bring your experience and take advantage of this opportunity to discover how you can start to push past possible and achieve your goals today. Enjoy a diverse, collaborative environment with professionals across the nation ready to help launch your career.

Northrop Grumman Aeronautics Systems has an opening for a Business Management Analyst to join our team of qualified, diverse individuals in Redondo Beach, CA.

Essential Functions:

In this role, the selected candidate is responsible for loading contractual related data and project structure data into the SAP enterprise resource planning (ERP) system for the F-35 program. Candidate must have strong organization and communication skills and be able to work cohesively with other functional organizations within the organizations. The successful candidate will integrate input between Contracts, Contract Accounting, Cost Management, program management, and other functional areas - in representing completed contractual agreements.

Job Responsibilities:
Ensure data integrity and consistency through review and comparison of functional input and contractual documents for Division's state, local, and federal government and intercompany customers.
This will be achieved using the associated Project Structure (PS) and Sales and Distribution (SD) templates for completion and accuracy prior to data loading for new contracts and changes to existing contracts.
Accurate interpretation and upload of Contract Setup Forms to meet SAP requirements for billing, deliverables, reporting and contract clause management. Support integrated cross-functional data flow between key stakeholders and program management teams.
Develop and execute SAP reporting requirements to ensure stakeholders have timely access to accurate data (e.g. Global Supply Chain, Logistics, Material Planning, Cost/Schedule Management, Tax, Security, etc...).
Provide data extraction and analysis to support all related compliance requests for information and data calls.
Participate in kick-off meetings held by the contract administrators and attended by all stakeholders.
The Business Management Analyst must employ initiative and assume responsibility for the contracts and projects assigned in order to be able to perform all job requirements.
The selected candidate should thrive in a fast-paced work environment with high expectations, significantly diverse assignments, collaborative/team settings across all levels.

Qualifications:

Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree from an accredited university and 3+ years of combined experience in Business Management, Finance, or Accounting experience OR
Master's Degree from an accredited university and 1+ year of combined experience in Business Management, Finance, or Accounting experience.
Proficiency in MS Office Suite
Experience working with SAP. .
Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret Clearance
Preferred Qualifications:
1+ year of working with the One Source Sales and Distribution (SD) and Project Structure (PS) modules of SAP.
Ability to effectively manage competing priorities and deadlines
Ability to handle multiple tasks in a fast paced environment
Excellent problem solving and organizational skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
