Our Los Angeles location is urgently hiring (Entry Level) Business Sales Consultants.

-Corporate Virtual Training Provided

-Must have/obtain Insurance License (Life, Health & Accident)

COMPANY DESCRIPTION: Aflac, recently named the #1 insurance company to work for in America by Fortune Magazine, markets supplemental benefit programs to employees at their work site. Our products are designed to compliment an employer’s benefits program, by providing income/lifestyle protection for employees and their families, with no additional cost to the employer. Since the gaps in employer-funded benefit plans are growing larger, the demand for our products is exploding.

The Company:
Fortune 500 company with $90+ billion in assets (Fortune Rank #135)
Fortune magazine “The 100 Best Companies to Work for in America” 2017 (19 consecutive years)
Fortune magazine “America’s Most Admired Companies” 2017 (15 consecutive years)
Fortune magazine “#1 Most Admired Life & Health Insurance Company” 2015
Ethisphere Magazine “World’s Most Ethical Companies” 2017 (12 consecutive years)
Number one provider of guaranteed-renewable health insurance (National Underwriter August 2015)
Number one in Payroll Marketing — over 500,000 accounts in the U.S. alone
A career with Aflac is one of the most sought-after, highly paid, rewarding (& fun) careers on the market today! As we get older (& wiser), most people realize that we want to be employed by a strong, stable, ethical company, where we can work smarter (not harder), work with great people & enjoy what we do each day while helping people. This is what a successful career with Aflac can give you & your family :
Solid 1st Year Income, with 15%-40% increases in your income each year without having to "do more".
Complete Control of your Career Path, your Clients & your Daily Schedule.
Job Security & Long-Term Financial Security.
In our Business Consultant Positions, your general Job Responsibilities would include:
Complete our Onboarding Process & Award-Winning Training
Establish New Relationships with Companies & Organizations through Networking, Field Marketing, Social Media, LinkedIn, Referrals & Warm Leads that come in through Aflac.
Meet with Business Owners, Identify their Business Needs, Discuss our No-Cost Business Solutions, Schedule Employee Education Meetings & Enroll Employees in Aflac Benefits (Consultative Process).
Enroll New Hires on a Monthly Basis & Assist with Billing, Invoicing & Policyholder Servicing.
Management Positions are available as soon as 3-6 months (as long as agreed-upon metrics are achieved) & would allow an individual to build an Aflac agency with no start-up costs or investments.
Our Business Consultants experience the following:
Most Business Consultants make between 55k-70k during their 1st year (before bonuses), with many going on to make 100K+ every year afterward.
Earn additional compensation through our New Consultant Award Bonus Series (up to $12,750 the 1st year), Stock Bonuses, Renewal Income, Lifetime Residual, Nomination Bonuses & ongoing yearly all-inclusive contest trips (President's Club and Convention).
You can quit Aflac after certain time periods & still receive a % of your Renewal Income (2 Years = 50%, 5 years = 75% & 10 years = 100%). What other company will continue paying you after you quit?
Represent the #1 company in our industry.
We pride ourselves in being a Fun, Ethical, Professional Team that actively work Together in a Positive, Cooperative Work Environment.
We know many of us have experienced new challenges with the ever-changing COVID-19 situation in our nation. That's why we need someone like yourself to bring your skill sets to the table and help more essential businesses in the Greater Los Angeles provide coverage to their employees. In an effort to continue with the hiring process, we will be conducting phone interviews for the next few weeks until the position is filled. Please apply with your resume for consideration. Wish you the best of luck!

Job Types: Full-time, Commission

Pay: $55,000.00 - $60,000.00 per year

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Sales: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
High school or equivalent (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Additional Compensation:
Commission
Bonuses
