At Bluebeam, we empower people to advance the way the world is built. We create smart software solutions that make construction sites more efficient, connected and safe and improve the lives of design and construction professionals everywhere.

*This role is a full-time, onsite position. Due to COVID-19 , all new employees will be required to start work remotely until we are able to return to the office. More information will be provided in the interview process.*

About the Role:


Are you driven by uncovering the stories hidden in data? Do you love boiling down numbers into actionable insights? Does the potential of solving problems through analysis excite you? As Bluebeam's Sales Incentive Analyst, you will have the opportunity to do all that and more to your heart's content. You'll be a part of the Reporting and Analytics team in Sales Operations who work collaboratively to drive growth at Bluebeam as we continue to expand globally.

Here at Bluebeam, we live each day to push the limits, do things differently, and work together to accomplish great things. We are laser-focused on understanding our customers' needs and developing solutions that help them utilize technology to work more efficiently. We challenge ourselves to develop and evolve our solutions based not only on the feedback our enthusiastic customer base provides us regarding what they need today, but also anticipating what we believe our customers' needs will be tomorrow.

Our customers use our digital collaboration software solutions like Bluebeam Revu and Bluebeam Studio to build some of the world's coolest projects from state of the art hospitals to transportation systems.

The daily life of the Bluebeam Sales Incentive Analyst:
Validate and audit monthly commission data for accuracy, completeness, and consistency
Calculate monthly and quarterly commissions for global sales team
Communicate variable payments to sales reps and payroll in a timely manner
Research and resolve sales compensation issues
Ensure there is data integrity in the various systems used (CRM, ERP, reporting engine)
Administer the annual compensation plan documents
Assist with compensation plan design and modeling
Responsible for the accrual and forecasting of variable compensation
Analyze effectiveness of compensation plan for all management levels (i.e. sales manager to C suite)
Manage channel partner rebate calculations including updating and communicating with Sales, Sales Operations, Marketing and Finance regarding status of rebates earned
Manage and report on internal or external sales contests
Serve as a resource for incentive plan information
Assist with training of new hires and the compensation plan as needed
Partner with cross functional teams including sales, finance, accounting, legal, people operations
Ad hoc reporting and analysis
The skills and experience of the ideal Sales Incentive Analyst candidate:
Bachelor's degree in analytical field
3-5 years in a compensation analytics role
Strong excel skills (pivot table, VLOOKUP)
Prior experience with complex relational datasets
Experience with the following tools:
CRM and sales tools (Power BI, Salesforce, NetSuite, Adaptive)
Experience with proprietary tools and in-house development
Must be able to work in a fast-paced environment and multi-task while maintaining a high level of precision and attention to detail
Comfortable presenting to all levels of seniority within a company both written and verbal
Strong customer service, interpersonal, and collaboration skills
Tact, diplomacy, and ability to maintain strict confidentiality are critical
Ability to work with structured & unstructured data as well as anecdotal business input to uncover insights
Experience within a multi-channel sales organization
Extra bonus points for experience in the technology and software industries
If you think we just described you, please send us the following:
Your resume
A cover letter that reflects your personality and specific interest in this role and Bluebeam
Description of your best Analytics career moment and how your work had a positive impact on the business
(Psssst…Be sure to proofread. We pay attention to formatting, grammar, and all that good stuff!)

About Bluebeam

The construction industry is adopting new technology at a feverish pace. Tablets and cell phones are replacing paper blueprints, drones are surveying jobsites in 3D, and cloud collaboration is changing the way teams work together. Bluebeam plays a crucial role in this transformation. The key to our success is a customer-focused approach to product development: we work with the industry to create solutions for the industry. Today, over 1.6 million people throughout the world use Bluebeam. In the US, we're a critical partner for the majority of top AEC firms, and rapidly expanding our presence globally, with offices in Sweden, Germany and the UK.

Come design and build your future with us.

Bluebeam is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, gender, gender identity, parental or pregnancy status, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or veteran status.

#LI-LO1
