Job Description
With offices in Los Angeles, Newport Beach, Boston and New York, Aristotle is a family of employee-owned investment management firms that collectively manage equity and fixed income strategies. Aristotle attracts and retains talented investment professionals through a culture focused on research, investment management and client success.

Aristotle’s experienced corporate leadership team oversees a centralized support infrastructure to ensure that our distinct teams of investment professionals are able to focus on what they do best—adding value to client portfolios. The company’s support infrastructure includes shared services such as finance, compliance, trading, operations, client communication, marketing and distribution.

Please visit www.aristotlecap.com for more information on our firm.

We are currently seeking a Technical Business Analyst who will be responsible for project work to ensure the firm is leveraging the full features and benefits of existing cloud-based business systems - most notably Salesforce. This role will collaborate closely with the Sales and Marketing teams to execute opportunities to expand the effectiveness of Aristotle’s suite of business systems. Role will work with business sponsors as well as IT partners to deliver new technical solutions in Salesforce and beyond, focused on initiatives that support innovative and efficient business processes.

This role will report to the Assistant Vice President, Business Solutions.

What You Will Do:
Learn technical and UX details of existing systems and apply best practices to enhance and streamline current processes.
Work with Salesforce system administrator and key stakeholders to enforce effective data management policies across Salesforce environment.
Customize page layouts, reports, and dashboards to meet business requirements.
Coordinate the evaluation, scope, and completion of new development requests.
Develop low-code solutions within Salesforce and other platforms with the support of the Dev team.
Assist in training of new users and growing the technical skillset across the organization.
Manage monthly sales reporting data and integration with Salesforce.
Collaborate with business stakeholders and IT leadership team to implement development strategy and roadmap solutions in cloud-based systems.
What You Will Need:
Four-year degree from an accredited college or university or equivalent experience. Computer science degree preferred.
2 years minimum of work experience in the asset management business or the functional area of business systems.
Some coding experience preferred; eagerness to learn technical development skills required.
Salesforce experience and knowledge preferred.
Creative and analytical thinker with strong problem-solving skills.
Basic understanding of the sales process, preferably in the Financial Services industry.
Exemplary communication skills, both written and verbal, and presentation skills.
Looking for a highly motivated individual who is eager to contribute in a dynamic, fast-paced work environment.
What We Have to Offer:
Health, dental, and vision insurance
Life insurance
401(K) matching
Paid time off, including annual Employee Volunteer Day
Weekly lunch and quarterly breakfast
Various Company events throughout the year
Is Aristotle Right for You?

We are looking for exceptional individuals who are intelligent, enthusiastic, and curious, someone who will fit within our culture and contribute to our expanding business. An ideal candidate would not limit their contribution to the provided job description but would help us surpass our goals by continually finding ways to improve themselves and the firm. If you would like the stability of a successful, established company and the growth opportunities of a dynamic environment, we look forward to hearing from you.

The above description identifies the essential job functions and skills needed by the person or persons assigned to this position. These job functions and skills are not intended to be a complete and exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential job functions. The information contained herein is subject to change at the company's discretion.

Aristotle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.

Aristotle will consider for employment, qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance.

Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, Aristotle Credit Partners, LLC, Aristotle Capital Boston, LLC, and Aristotle Atlantic Partners, LLC are affiliated organizations. Each is an independent investment adviser separately registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Registration does not imply a certain level of skill or training. More information about each adviser including the investment strategies, fees and objectives can be found in their ADV Part 2, which is available upon request.

We have updated our Privacy Policy on June 20, 2018 (“New Privacy Policy”). Please read the policy carefully. By using this website you are agreeing to the terms of our New Privacy Policy. Click here to review the new Privacy Policy.

Powered by JazzHR

LKYffDXF2w
