Business Systems Analyst- Project Management Applications
Location


Los Angeles, CA

Company


Tutor Perini Corporation

Job Code

968

Apply Now

Business Systems Analyst – Project Management Applications

Job Description

The Business Systems Analyst (BSA) provides enterprise-wide support for Tutor Perini’s project management/project controls applications, including Prolog and Primavera P6. The BSA works closely with Operations on all aspects of the project lifecycle from bid through mobilizations, execution and close-out. This support includes understanding all applications involved in creating critical project data, how that data interfaces between systems and flows throughout the project lifecycle.

The Business Systems Analyst must have strong systems aptitude and business acumen. The BSA leads process reviews with end users to help the business leverage Prolog and other applications to improve performance. The resulting solutions will optimize the use of Prolog to minimize G&A costs and maximize job profitability.

The Business Systems Analyst is also responsible for evaluating alternative and new applications that support the project management lifecycle. Tutor Perini is currently evaluating project controls applications to potentially replace Prolog. The BSA will have a led role in evaluating software functionality, developing a business case for an investment in new technology and, if a decision is made to move forward, the implementation of a new platform.

Job Responsibilities
Work collaboratively with Finance and Operating business partners to gather requirements and design business processes and operational reports of the company’s core business-construction project management.
Identify opportunities to improve business processes leveraging Prolog and other software packages. Implement processes that are accurate, streamlined, and well documents with an emphasis on providing timely and accurate project data to the business.
Develop ad hoc and custom reports that help optimize business performance, support internal controls and codify high leverage performance metrics.
Partner with other Business System Analysts on the integration of Project management data with other enterprise applications, especially JD Edwards Job Cost.
Develop test plans and oversee the execution of tests for system enhancements, upgrades, service packages and program patches.
Build the capabilities of end-users to access and use the data in a rigorous manner that is foundational to sound decision-making and ongoing reporting accuracy. Develop materials and provide training that establishes the required initial user acumen and can be leverage for ongoing educational needs.
Provide end-user support to ensure the system is preforming as designed, information is timely and accurate, and end-users are functioning effectively on the Prolog platform. Prioritize and resolve system issues. Identify and prioritize future enhancements requests.
Qualifications

Specialty/Job-Related knowledge, skills and abilities:
Strong working knowledge of Prolog Manager, Prolog Converge and Prolog Mobile.
Familiarity with other Project Management applications, including BIM 360, Procore, Aconex, Kahua, Viewpoint and Deltek.
Familiarity with JD Edwards version 9.0 or higher for Job Cost, GL, Procurement, AR and AP.
Strong working knowledge of Primavera P6 version 16 or higher.
Excellent project management skills and/or substantial exposure to project-based work. Familiarity with system implementation best practices and methodologies.
Experience with documentation functional requirements and design specifications for systems implementations.
Experience in partnering with external auditors on the establishment and review of internal controls for a public traded company.
Industry-specific knowledge, skills and abilities:
Strong construction industry experience and working knowledge of project deployment form the perspectives of a general contractor or sub-contractor.
Familiarity with Accounting practices for the construction industry is preferred.
General Business Acumen and Traits:
Committed to continuous process improvements-identifies improvements opportunities, makes recommendations, and drives implementation of solutions that deliver process improvements.
Ability to multi-tasks in a dynamic, high energy environment.
Proven analytical, conceptual and problem-solving abilities.
Proficient in standard business software, including Outlook, Excel, Word and PowerPoint.
Advances skills in report development, business intelligence tools and application software.
Leadership skills:
Passionate about business being done right- results are timely and accurate.
Works effectively in a collaborative environment with project team peers, leadership and end-users.
Effective at influencing leadership to make merit based decisions that enable positive change.
Education and/or on the job experience:
Five to Seven years of professional experience in IT, Cost Engineering or Construction Management for an ENR 50 caliber company.
Bachelor’s degree in business administration or information management is required, a CPA MBA or other advances credential is preferred.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability)
