Position SummaryAnalyzes data generated by the billing system to determine productivity and applicable billing to the various governmental agencies and payors. Analyzes production data and medical encounters at different lower levels within the Agency including providers to determine adherence to established levels of production. Summarizes resultant periodic statistical information and reports to management and Board of Directors. Also communicates this information to the various sites management to effect required modifications in procedures if necessary.

Schedule:

Flexible, may require some evening and weekends

Primary Duties and Responsibilities

Responsible for filing all financial and statistical reports with regulatory agencies such as FQHC, UDS, FSR, Single Audit; OSHPD; etc.

Coordinates with IT required billing modifications related to new or modified contractual agreements with third parties such as HMOs, PPP, Governmental Agencies, etc.

Ensures the accurate billing for services provided to third parties and follows up on collections and denials.

Contributes and participates in the preparation of the required annual budget.

Prepares special financial reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing account information and trends.

Performs other duties as assigned by the Director/CEO or Finance Director.

Job Requirements:

Minimum Requirements

Microsoft Office/Word/Excel/Outlook.

Proficient in QuickBooks, MAS 90 or equivalent accounting software and practice management system common to healthcare industry

Excellent Communication Skills.

Excellent analytical and reasoning skills

Ability to work as a team player and work independently.

Reliable transportation

Must be able to travel from facility to facility

This position requires 10 % travel outside the local area.

Required Education/Experience and/or Licensure/Certification

Bachelors Degree in Finance/Accounting required

5 years minimum experience

MBA or CPA certification (preferred)

Healthcare experience preferred but not required

Experience in standardized reports (AR, P&P, etc.)

Experience Reporting FQHC, UDS, HRSA, OSHPD, TaxRtns, 990 Filings, Single Financial Audits, Budgets, Proformas, Financial Indicators, Board Presentations, Business Plans, GAAP Compliant Financial Policies and Procedures

Advanced use of Excel

Experience may substitute for education

Commitment to goals and philosophy of Northeast Community Clinic

Valid State Identification

Physical Requirements and Working Conditions

OSHA Category 3 Involves no regular exposure to blood, body fluids, or tissues, and tasks that involve exposure to blood, body fluids, or tissues are not a condition of employment.

The work is majority of the time sedentary in nature.

The employee is regularly required to communicate, frequently required to use repetitive motions, move, remain stationary, regularly push, pull and lift up to 20 pounds and occasionally push, pull and lift up to 40 pounds.

Must possess mobility to work in a standard office/clinic setting (in some cases both settings) and to use standard office/clinic equipment, including a computer, stamina to maintain attention to detail despite interruptions, read printed materials and use a computer, and communicate in person and over the telephone.
