Aramco Imports is seeking a detail oriented, analytical, inquisitive, and problem solver to fill in the role of Business Analyst. The candidate is to have experience in both IT and Business Administration. The primary role is to be the liaison between the business departments and IT and 3rd party IT service providers to ensure business initiatives are clearly translated and defined for successful delivery by IT. The role will also require participation in projects either as a project manager.
Roles & Responsibilities
Become the functional expert in key business processes and systems
Provide top-level business and systems analysis with focus on organizational strategic vision
Act as the primary liaison between IT and the business units
Conduct technically advanced and in-depth level business process analysis, needs assessments, and preliminary cost/benefit analysis in an effort to align IT solutions with business initiatives
Contribute expertise in particular business processes and be responsible for formulating systems/process scope and objectives relative to the organization’s business plan and user requirements
Contribute in business process flow definitions, process mapping and functional specifications
Enhance the quality of IT products and services
Find technological solutions to business requirements
Perform a project manager role
Communicate, translate, and simplify business requirements
Contribute as a project portfolio coordinator to effectively prioritize business requirements across multiple projects
Develop Ad-hoc reports using Query Manager and SQL
Perform necessary amendments on Stored Procedures and Crystal Reports
Manage Users and Authorizations to ensure necessary permissions are in place in line with Job Descriptions.
Optimization of license distribution administration
Perform mass updates using Data Transfer Workbench
Implement/ maintain approval processes based on company’s Organizational Chart
Generate periodic financial reports using Excel or other reporting tools
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in a IT or related discipline.
Experience:
5+ years of experience as IT Business Analyst
3+ years of experience using SAP Business One ERP system
2+ years of experience in an Import and Distributor environment
2+ years of experience using EDI (knowledge of SPS Commerce fulfillment is a plus)
Warehouse Management System experience is a must (knowledge of Produmex is a plus)
Project management experience not required but preferred.
Budget management experience
SQL and BI experience Knowledge / Requirements
Exceptional interpersonal skills.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Proven ability to operate and multi-task in a dynamic fast paced environment.
Ability to work independently and follow instructions.
Attention to detail
Excellent problem-solving skill
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $60,000.00 - $70,000.00 per year
Benefits:
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analysis: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Security Clearance Required:
Confidential (Preferred)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
www.aramcoimports.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
