The Customer Care (CC) Reporting team is responsible for providing management, as well as other departments, with the necessary reports and data analytics for making sound business decisions to improve overall customer experience. The CC Reporting team is also responsible for providing Customer Care Coaches and all contact center agents with their individual and team KPIs to assist with improving efficiency, as well as overall customer interaction quality. Additionally, CC Reporting team is responsible for analyzing call volume patterns to create staffing models and scheduling recommendations to ensure consistent SLA adherence.”
The Associate Reporting Analyst is responsible for monitoring and analyzing customer support call center data to assist management with ensuring optimal operational effectiveness. The role will provide in-depth analysis of customer support data, generate and disseminate reports, make recommendations for improvement.
Company Perks:
Competitive pay, 401k with company match, Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance, Employee Stock Purchase Plan, Educational Reimbursement, Commuter benefits, Discount programs, Inventor patent bonuses
Stamps Company Overview:
Stamps.com (NASDAQ: STMP) is the leading provider of postage online and shipping software solutions to customers including consumers, small businesses, e-commerce shippers, enterprises, and high volume shippers. Stamps.com offers solutions that help businesses run their shipping operations more smoothly and function more successfully under the brand names Stamps.com, Endicia®, ShipStation®, ShipEngine®, ShippingEasy®, ShipWorks®, GlobalPost and MetaPack™. Stamps.com’s family of brands provides seamless access to mailing and shipping services through integrations with more than 500 unique partner applications.

Primary Objectives:
Manage the Contact Center Control Desk
Report creation and distribution and analytics
Essential Position Duties:
Manage the Contact Center Control Desk.
Monitor all inbound call queues and agents’ statuses while optimizing all available resource to ensure consistent SLA adherence.
Monitor and ensure all team members’ schedule adherence.
Create and distribute “Executive Summary” reports outlining the entire contact center’s daily, weekly and monthly performance including all relevant data as well as justifications and explanations.
Provide workload analysis and creating staffing models and coverage schedules for various teams.
Provide call volume and staffing forecasting and agent scheduling.
Report creation and distribution and analytics.
Updating and distributing existing and new reports.
Creating new reports based on business needs and requirements provided by the management team.
Design and produce standard and ad-hoc reports and various data visualization reporting solutions.
Gather and document report requirements and write complex report specifications to meet business needs.
Validate and test reports to ensure accuracy and quality.
Recommending and implementing improvements and enhancements to existing reports and processes by analyzing customer contact data.

Internal Transfer Requirements:
Must be employed at Stamps.com for a minimum of 6 months
Must not be on any active write-ups or Performance Improvement Plans.
Must have exceptional attendance and
Customer Satisfaction average must be at or better than the team average for the applicable roles.
Required Education and/or Experience:
At least One (1) year experience with reporting and analytics or working in a customer call center.
Bachelor’s degree is preferred.
Experience in contact center management is a plus.
Skills and Knowledge:
Effective problem solver with ability to design and implement easy-to-manage procedures for solving complex problems.
Proficient in Excel with working knowledge and ability to implement advanced mathematical and logic formulas and calculations.
Ability to create new reports with minimal input and/or direction from management.
Ability to improve/enhance existing reports to accommodate ongoing business needs.
Ability to identify trends by analyzing available raw data and make process change/enhancement recommendations.
Have a sound understanding of workload analysis and staffing models.
Computer/Software/Application Proficiency:
Working knowledge of Tableau is a plus.
Working knowledge of Aspect is a plus.
Basic knowledge of database structure and SQL is a plus.
Basic knowledge of SQL scripting is a plus.
Travel Requirements:
None
Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled
