Job Description
PRO’s Business Process & Analysis Consultants, as part of a team, help organizations solve issues, create value, maximize growth and improve business performance.

PRO is looking for outstanding Business Consultant candidates to help support the growth of our firm. We seek professionals who have demonstrated high academic/professional achievement, leadership, communication skills, and have a strong interest or background in consulting.

This role will provide support for various client engagements by developing financial and operational analysis, mapping high level processes, diagnosing different areas of a business, presenting conclusions/recommendations to the client, and assisting with execution efforts.

Main Responsibilities: Work on client project teams; assist in identifying the client’s needs, help develop an as-is and future state roadmap, and work with client team in executing the implementation roadmap to achieve significant financial and operational results.
Conduct data analysis to establish client financial and operational opportunities
From data analysis, develop various data-driven process result scenarios simulations
Carry out research and data collection to understand the client’s organization
Interview the client's employees, management team and other stakeholders
Run focus groups and facilitate process mapping workshops
Identify business process issues and form hypotheses and solutions
End-to-End process mapping
Research benchmark data and operational metrics
Present findings and recommendations to clients
Implement recommendations/solutions along with client team
Follow up on client deliverables and key milestone to ensure timely project execution
Assist in the preparation of business proposals and presentations
Secondary responsibilities include supporting firm activity in new business, developing Intellectual Property, and other internal initiatives.
Cultural Fit: We look for candidates who possess the following qualities that will contribute to our success and the success of our clients:
Entrepreneurial spirit: We seek individuals who enjoy contributing to the growth of an organization and who show commitment to the success of their team.
Problem solving skills: Have well-honed analytical skills coupled with business acumen to structure problems, deliver solutions and communicate insights.
Drive: ambitious, energetic, enjoy a fast pace environment and thrive in taking on responsibility.
Requirements:
Prior business experience required, prior consulting experience preferred
Excellent technical skills in Excel, PowerPoint, Word. Experience with MS Project, Visio, etc.
Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment
Experience in collecting and analyzing business data (operations, cost accounting, budgeting, decision support, productivity, logistics, inventory, etc.)
Lean Six-Sigma experience/knowledge a plus
Experience supporting project management plans
Proven success in contributing to a team-oriented environment
Commitment to gaining exposure to multiple industries
Polished and assertive communication style, both in speech and writing, and interpersonal skills required
Crisp and insightful writing (for executive and client C-Suite audiences)
Ability to integrate into client environments seamlessly
Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Engineering / Equivalent or 3+ years hands-on experience in related field
Master’s Degree preferred

Company Description
Process Research & Optimization (PRO) is an international consulting firm dedicated to unlocking our clients’ growth potential and profitability through process innovation. PRO partners with FT Global 500 senior executives and their teams to continually optimize business performance through our unique best practice knowledgebase, business models and implementation methods. For more information, visit: www.processreopt.com
