Major Entertainment Company in Los Angeles is seeking a Business Analyst for a Contract to hire position. The Business Analyst will be responsible as the liaison between the business and technical groups, gathering and documenting business requirements, designing business processes, developing wireframes, developing high level application designs with the technical teams, and financial analysis or modeling. The Business Analyst will also examine the variables which impact SPT and MPG project profitability including production costs, overall budget variances, market box office trends, and related home entertainment products. The Business Analyst will have the opportunity to work with all levels of the PSTS teams we well as our business partners to understand the underlying business processes and data required for analysis. Core Responsibilities The job"s most important functions and responsibilities, and percentage of time spent on each. Communicate with the business users andor functional teams to develop business requirements and analyze information needs, delivering the follow artifacts as needed Functional Requirements, Business Requirements Documents, Use Cases, Wireframes, Test Cases, and Training Manuals. Serve as the strategic interface between the users and the vendor andor internal IT groups to resolve problems and fulfill requests for package applications supported by the team. Develop test scenarios and either test or oversee testing prior to delivery to business users coordinate with internal QA resource pool as needed. Lead and perform functional testing, includes coordination of QA and UAT tasks. Work with business users, PM and Senior Business Analysts to re-platform the existing legacy system and expand functionality, reporting and streamline performance in the new system. Build reports to gauge company's performance by addressing over spending, under spending and identifying trends. Trend analysis helps in forecasting production costs and needs. Build and maintain automated workflow to obtain approvals and wet signatures for various types of contracts, payments associated with contractual agreements and also cover outstanding commitments. Participate in team strategic planning, supporting the initial analysis and assessment of proposed projects leading to the development of business cases. Be proactive in identifying enhancements for existing applications, design user manuals and conduct training. emsp Experience 3 of years specialty Financial systems , 2 of years entertainment B of years managerial Knowledge, Skills and Abilities Knowledge of String understanding of Agile development methodologies Strong service orientation and focus. Attention to Detail is required. Has a good verbal and written communication skill. Working knowledge of continuous process improvement methodologies and customer satisfaction measurement practices. Has good to above average problem solving skills and able to implement solutions for moderate to difficult problems. Basic understanding or exposure to Content Creation Production workflows and industry knowledge either with TV or Features Demonstrates the ability to be flexible and deal with change both internal and external to the organization. Proficient in Microsoft Office products
