RESPONSIBILITIES Kforce has a client in search of a Business Systems Analysts in Burbank, CA. Summary Business Systems Analysts study the overall business and information needs of an organization, in order to develop solutions to business and related technology problems. A business Systems Analyst's role is usually undertaken prior to the system design, building and programming stages of the systems development process. The candidate works closely with clients to identify business needs and the costs and benefits of implementing a computing solution. They will construct IT definitions based on identified needs of the organization. This person will work with other IT experts to address networking and hardware needs. The BSA will devise and document a general system design based on the client's anticipated requirements. They will aslso negotiate options with the client. The role will be working as part of an existing operational team supporting business platform used by consumers, brokers, sales and internal member administrative and member services users supporting applicants to the Company Individual line of business. The primary scope for this team is to ensure that the online platform remains compliant with all legal, regulatory or compliance guidelines and is updated each year with new rates, plans, applications, content and other business rules in support of the individual Open Enrollment period. The platform supports applicants nationally in all company regions and must be updated to meet both state and federal guidelines. This role includes supporting the following types of analysis and implementation activities Working with stakeholders to elicit business and functional requirements Documenting operational business and functional requirements or user stories Working with user experience design teams to ensure business and functional requirements are understood and implemented in wireframes or comps REQUIREMENTS Minimal of 7 years of experience of implementation or working on operational systems Preferred Skills Background in systems implementation andor operational systems which are consumer facing or supporting salesmarketingbrokers and administration users Health plan or health care background not required but background in a regulated environment with complex systems (e.g., financial platforms) would demonstrate the right experience Proficient in MS Office suite of products, MS Visio, MS Project Preferred Qualifications Kforce is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
