Req ID: 177636

The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Business Analyst, Sales and Avails for the Enterprise Technology- IP Licensing & Dist Solutions department. This position delivers work products in the area of Sales/Avails within the IP Licensing solution sets, including consulting with system production support, project requirement gathering, business analysis, functional specification, some system configuration and testing. This position supports solutions in the COSMOS portfolio.

The Daily
Partners with Business Technology & Workplace Solutions to ensure appropriate levels of end user support.
Contributes to advancing the health of the COSMOS portfolio, including advising management regarding new capabilities available in the market helping to ensure alignment to WBs strategic goals and initiatives.
Delivers support and enhancements within the IP Licensing applications by working directly with external resources and delivering their own work products.
Fulfills compliance activities such as reporting.
Participates in project delivery for the IP Licensing solutions.
The Essentials
Undergraduate degree required.
2+ years of experience in a technology role, contributing to the support of or design of complex applications across multiple business functions, with a focus on application development and maintenance.
2+ years of experience implementing/ supporting complex applications (preferably SAP).
2+ years of experience with Sales/Avails applications, preferably in the entertainment industry.
Strong knowledge and practical application of the software development life cycle (SDLC), with industry standard best practice methodologies.
General knowledge of SOX controls and processes.
Experience with presentations to business users and their management.
General understanding of enterprise level systems, preferably SAP (including HANA).
Avails processing and License sales business.
Contract Administration business process.
Data Management
Reporting Solutions
Strong customer service mindset.
Ability to actively listen and incorporate feedback to continuously improve.
Ability to work with third party service providers, preferably in a managed services environment with a very structured approach to delivery oversight and quality.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary.
177636
