Project Manager / Business Analyst


In the lookout for a goal-oriented project manager with a business analyst profile capable of coordinating our efforts to continue delivering effective solutions in an IT environment.
Duties:
Apply Project Management Methodologies and tools in Software Development Life-cycles (SDLC) to effectively reflect business models’ and requirements’ goals.
Develop detailed project plans that can be effectively tracked and reported.
Manage changes to projects’ scope, timelines, and budget while keeping business objectives in mind.
Analyze reports and serve as a liaison between management and technical teams.
Gather and elicit Business Requirements by interviewing customers, stakeholders, reviewing existing business documentation, and documenting existing processes and systems.
Measure project performance and perform risk management using appropriate tools and techniques.
Influence/manage technical teams.
Report on projects’ status and escalate to management as needed.

Requirements
Minimum 3-5 years in project management and business analysis experience with software development projects in a cross-functional environment.
Ability to manage multiple projects/teams simultaneously.
Experience in dealing directly with Business Stakeholders.
Experience in managing projects following both Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Business analysis understanding of SQL Server reporting services.
Knowledge of Object-Oriented Analysis and Design (OOAD) guidelines.
TFS expertise a plus.
•MS Project and other PM tools skills.
PMP/CSM certifications.
Must be a team player with a positive attitude.
Very good verbal and written communication skills.

Additional Information
Location: Buena Park, CA
Job-Type: Full-Time
Education-level: Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Industrial Engineering, or related field preferred.
Salary: Above Market + Full Benefits + Bonus
Local candidates preferred; work sponsorship and relocation assistance not offered.
No subcontractors, offshore development teams or agency resumes.

To apply for this job, please e-mail your resume to jobs@dntg.net

To apply for this job, please mail your resume to DNTG.

Attn: HR Depart. 13079 Artesia Blvd Unit B260, Cerritos, CA 90703

Close
