Business Systems Analyst for HR and PayrollThe goal of this position is to provide support for Biola's systems utilized by the Human Resources and Payroll areas, which provide services for employees, including applicant tracking, benefits, performance reviews, employee learning opportunities and compensation.This position is considered a functional/technical position and will support both the end users in their use of the software and IT technical staff in configurations and upgrades. You will support the Human Resources and Payroll areas by maintaining human resources and payroll systems, reviewing upgrade changes and aiding these areas in appropriate testing and use of the upgrades, reviewing software application functionality and providing support for any changes needed. As the transactions in the Human Resources and Payroll systems also interface with the Financial and Financial Aid systems, you will also provide support for ensuring posting of transactions in both systems is functioning properly. The Human Resources office also interfaces with the Budget Office for creation and approval of positions, and you will provide support for these interactions as well. Creation and maintenance of reporting is also required.This position requires technical skills to understand and maintain the functional side of the systems used, as well as the ability to listen and understand the needs to the end users, to provide training as necessary and to support both the end users and IT as a liaison.Key Responsibilities1. Application administrationa. Maintain advanced knowledge of the Ellucian Banner Human Resouces and Payroll modules as well as the interaction with Banner Finance and Banner Financial Aid, Cognos Analytics, Alight Solutions (benefits) and Cornerstone OnDemand.b. Remain well-informed and current about upgrades, patches and product roadmaps.c. Administer or supervise changes to application configurations, validation tables and other aspects of application setup.d. Coordinate and oversee functional department responsibilities during testing of upgrades and patches.e. Support end users in their effective and efficient use of applications.f. Interface with Finance and other personnel as needed to support University policies for payment applications.g. Provide troubleshooting services and utilize support tickets as necessary.2. Data security and privacy administrationa. In coordination with ERP Services Programmer/Analysts, configure and maintain changes to security settings.b. In conjunction with all appropriate university personnel, ensure compliance with government regulations and university policies (e.g., FERPA, PCI-DSS and Biola Privacy Policy)3. Report Writing and Data Analysisa. Write and/or maintain Cognos Analytics reports as necessary to ensure that appropriate data is available and accessible for decision-making, daily operations and compliance.b. Maintain documentation for written reports as necessary and share documentation as necessary.c. In conjunction with the ODS Administrator, ensure that ODS and EDW data sets will meet current and anticipated reporting requirements. Work with the ODS administrator to change ODS report packages and views as necessary.d. Assist the Human Resources and Payroll areas in analyzing reported data as necessary.4. Business Process Improvementa. Foster a culture in the Human Resources and Payroll areas that continually looks for business process improvements.b. Lead in the research of new or extended functionality available in systems used by the Human Resources and Payroll areas.c. Lead in the review of user requests for new or better functionality and proactively research and evaluate options for existing software or 3rd-party add-ons.d. Assist the Human Resources and Payroll areas as necessary with training and implementation of new or upgraded functionality.5. Collaborate with the IT department regarding application performance and data integration. Assist with troubleshooting as necessary.6. Perform other duties and projects as assigned.Qualifications1. Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experience2. 2-4 years' experience with database systems. Experience in higher education with Banner Human Resources, Banner Payroll, Alight Solutions and Cornerstone OnDemand preferred.3. Understanding of the relational database model.4. Understanding of accounting as it relates to posting of payroll transactions to financial systems.5. Problem solving and troubleshooting skills.6. Personable, team-oriented, able to respond effectively to direction and requests from end-users. Able to use tact and diplomacy and maintain high level of confidentiality.7. Strong commitment to customer service, yet able to maintain a big picture view while focusing on specific technology solutions for end-user needs.8. Self-motivated to complete projects. Excellent organizational and time management skills.9. Must believe in and demonstrate a lifestyle consistent with Biola's Doctrinal Statement and Standard of Conduct.10. Experience in one or more of the following areas is preferred:a. Experience using a major report writing toolb. Experience using MS Excel for a variety of usesc. Understanding of SQL, HTML5 and CSSReports toSupervised by the Director of Enterprise Systems in Information TechnologyHours Per Week: 40Months Per Year: 12
