Business Analyst II

Job Category:

Information Technology

Department:

Provider Data Management

Location:

Los Angeles, CA, US, 90017

#job-location.job-location-inline {
display: inline;
}

Position Type:

Full Time

Requisition ID:

5894

Established in 1997, L.A. Care Health Plan is an independent public agency created by the state of California to provide health coverage to low-income Los Angeles County residents. We are the nation’s largest publicly operated health plan. Serving more than 2 million members in five health plans, we make sure our members get the right care at the right place at the right time.

Mission: L.A. Care’s mission is to provide access to quality health care for Los Angeles County's vulnerable and low-income communities and residents and to support the safety net required to achieve that purpose.
Job Summary
The Business Analyst II works closely with business units to gain in-depth business understanding of customer’s business strategy processes, services, roadmaps and the content in which the business operates. The Business Analyst is focus-driven, focusing on strategy, collaboration, prioritization based on value off internal and external customers. The position will consult and collaborate with internal and external customers to address any issues that are contributing to inaccurate or inefficient procedures/ processes within the Department. This position will be key to understanding the documenting capabilities needed to address business challenges. It is responsible for reviewing end-to-end business processes to identify, address, and remediate operational and functional risks. This position conducts a strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats (SWOT) analysis to identify opportunities to improve operational efficiency. It is responsible for a full range of activities leading small to large size projects, assist project managers on complex projects related to operational business functions affecting internal departments and external customers at market level.
Duties
Participate and contribute in multiple projects by completing and updating project documentation; managing project scope; adjusting schedules when necessary; determining daily priorities; ensuring efficient and on-time delivery of project tasks and milestones; follow escalation process; and managing customer relationships. Ensure data is valid and reliable; develop business process improvement; monitor and update software as needed; partner with internal and external customers to accomplish long-term business strategies and goals. Identify, create, and facilitate process design changes by conducting business and systems process analysis and design at a complex level; focusing on quality improvement and data management. Identify improvement opportunities (proactive and reactive).

Oversee customer relationships and expectations through communication process; updating others through project paths. Support and align efforts to meet business and customer needs. Facilitate meetings, projects, and presentations to diverse audiences. Provide leadership to team members and peers, collaborating cross-functionally with others; articulate ideas and viewpoints to Senior Management, peers, and others; identify and initiate projects; manage resources; implement resolutions; and hold self-accountable for completing tasks and results. Provide a strategic asset to decompose strategy into value change initiatives.

Maintain an up-to date knowledge of Information Systems to develop, execute, and improve corrective action plans by providing subject matter expertise and guidance to best business practices. Stay current with customer needs and strategies; utilize formal and informal written communication methods (BRDs, emails, PowerPoint presentations, Visio workflows, executive summaries, and project logs). Provide and support business solutions; build relationships with internal/external customers and key stakeholders; monitor project progress and results; provide project analysis and root-cause of operational issues.

Demonstrate leadership and interpersonal communication skills by working collaboratively and effectively with peers, superiors and subordinates to accomplish objectives. Able to concisely, clearly and formally communicate complex concepts and formulate process solutions. Work as a subject matter expert and review all submitted problem and improvement reports; identify priority issues; evaluates opportunities for improvement, presents findings to supervisors for evaluation and prepares resolution work plan as directed. Develop and execute test plans. Monitor all solutions through to resolution.

Perform other duties as assigned.
Education Required
Bachelor's Degree
In lieu of degree, equivalent education and/or experience may be considered.
Education Preferred
Master's Degree
Experience
Required:
At least 3-5 years of data analysis experience in a health or managed care environment.
Skills
Required:
Proven ability to significantly impact process improvement and process management.

Ability to document scope, project tasks in a clear and concise manner.

Thorough understanding of relevant industry practices, techniques and standards.

Must have a comprehensive understanding of business process/ life cycle management principles, theories and concepts.

Strong problem-solving/ analysis skills.

Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications, database management.

Articulates relevant information and directions in an organized and concise manner.

Strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills; Understanding of effective communication concepts tools and techniques.

Can conform to shifting priorities, demands, and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilities.
Licenses/Certifications Required
Licenses/Certifications Preferred
Required Training
Additional Information

L.A. Care offers a wide range of benefits including
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Tuition Reimbursement
Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision
Wellness Program
Volunteer Time Off (VTO)

Nearest Major Market: Los Angeles
Job Segment:
Business Analyst, Medical, Finance, Healthcare
