Summary of Job Scope and Expectations:

The Business Analyst position is responsible for gathering
business requirements and translates them into project
documentation. This position creates diagrams and process flows
to support project documentation. The Business Analyst
participates in QA, user testing, and technical training. This
position understands both end-user systems and job functions in
order to improve both.

Essential functions:

The essential functions in this job description are not
all-inclusive of this jobs duties and responsibilities. Reliable
and dependable attendance is required.

Descriptions

· Gathers business requirements and translates them into
project documentation.

· Creates diagrams and process flows to support project
documentation.

· Participates in QA, user testing, and technical
training.

· Records issues found during testing; ensures a timely
resolution, working with the development team and DBA.

· Begins to understand existing system design and
functionality.

· Acts as liaison between IS, business and vendors to
resolve issues.

JOB REQUIREMENTS:

· Bachelors degree in Business, IS or related field

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:

· Knowledge of basic accounting, P&L, B/S, COGS

· Understanding of use case concepts

· Strong computer/technology skills and proficient in
Microsoft Office Suite and Visio

· Communication (oral and written), presentation and
facilitation skills

· Financial and project management and analysis skills

· Critical thinking and analysis skills and demonstrates
proactive behavior

· Time management, prioritization, and organizational
skills

· Ability to solve problems independently

· Ability to work positively with other departments and
Operations (win/win)

· Ability to talk and share before a group

· Ability to embrace change and continuous learning

96
800x600

Normal
0

false
false
false

EN-US
X-NONE
X-NONE

/* Style Definitions */
table.MsoNormalTable
{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
mso-style-noshow:yes;
mso-style-priority:99;
mso-style-parent:"";
mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
mso-para-margin:0in;
mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
font-size:10.0pt;
font-family:"Times New Roman";}
