If you are interested in learning and growing in the Salesforce world, this is the opportunity for you! We are currently on Salesforce Classic (Lightning migration is in the pipeline) with many integrated applications (Gainsight, LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Outreach etc). The Salesforce Applications Analyst will be part of a dynamic Enterprise Applications Team where he/she will have ample opportunity to learn and work on issue resolution, configuration, processes, workflows, and reporting and integration with other applications.

Responsibilities:
Resolve application issues.
Provision user accounts.
Execute data hygiene activities.
Train Salesforce users and trainers on newly built features, reporting and upgrades.
Planning and analysis of user requirements to design, configure and administer SFDC including but not limited to APEX code and supporting test classes, Visualforce pages, custom objects/fields, validation rules, process builder, page layout, permissions and workflow rules.
Document and maintain processes, policies, application configuration and help related materials for users.
Keep up-to-date on new Salesforce and 3rd party application products, features and functionality to recommend and apply improvements to internal business challenges.
Initiate, plan and execute projects and other assigned tasks as delegated
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information System or related fields.
3+ years intense Salesforce experience in Salesforce.com administration and analysis.
Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Ability to perform in a fast-paced, fast-changing work environment.
Ability to work cross-functionally and learn quickly.
Working experience of SFDC lightning migration is a plus.
Experience in software or SaaS industry a plus
Demonstrated salesforce.com administration/configuration and reporting analytics.
Experience running projects from initiation to completion with minimal oversight
A process before tools approach to problem solving
Working knowledge of 3rd party integrations and Appexchange packages including but not limited to
Marketo, DocuSign, GainSight, Apttus, Conga and FinancialForce.
Customer services oriented.
A positive attitude and enthusiasm to get things done
Creative approach to problem solving.
Ability to assist in creation of functional and prepare technical specifications.
Must embrace in learning, sharing knowledge and working with changing technology.
A team player who can collaborate with our internal team and other cross functional teams.
Excellent analytical, technology, communication and problem-solving skills.
