Workflows. Data Management. Process Builder. Visual Force Pages. Apex coding.

Are you a Salesforce Trailhead Ranger? Do you consider Salesforce your canvas, on which you paint user experiences via everything from Lightning Components to custom formula fields? Are you fully vested into growing the next org you work on to be a true work of art? Well, lucky for you, the opportunity to take over your very own Salesforce org is knocking.

We are looking for someone highly skilled in building Salesforce workflow rules, trigger automations, and overall growing our org to new heights. Our ideal candidate wants to dive into development, ensure user experience and manage a team of like-minded techies.

Would you describe yourself as highly adept at database management with the ability to hit the keyboard typing on Salesforce development? Would others describe you as a doer who can bring internal and external resources together and seamlessly project manage tasks to completion?

If you are as excited as we are about technology in a Real Estate space, then keep on scrolling.

Who You Are:
You have 3 or more years’ experience in development of the platform and project management of a team
You have analyzed databases and know how to make sure that your data is clean, you are a whiz with the Data Loader and Salesforce sandboxes
You have Real Estate knowledge, or a passion for Real Estate, and understand the untapped potential of this industry in the tech space
Self-starter that can manage projects to achieve results- including team member deliverables
You’ve been an admin on Salesforce and know how to manage user permissions, settings and user experience
You have developed on the platform and can handle more complex processes and untangle challenges from a backend perspective
Your love of all things data means you know your way around Excel and Access- pivot tables are your bread and butter
What You’ll Do:
Take ownership of the CRM – this includes project management, custom development and light admin for a small user group
Grow our Salesforce team and resources for maximum output
Manage the company data - organize daily incoming data to hand off to sales support staff- this includes deduping and organization of a substantial data pool
Go into code and dive into the backend to create and refine complex processes
Manage and create workflow rules, reports, dashboards, trigger automations to further automate existing processes
Assume ownership of the performance, capabilities, strategy co-creation, and implementation of the platform
Build and grow our amazing CRM with our CEO as you report to and work directly with the stakeholder
*This is an in-house role without an option for remote work*

Who We Are:

We are a one-of-a-kind vertically integrated group of companies that provide innovative solutions in real estate acquisitions, sales, remodeling & interior design. We don’t believe in doing real estate the traditional way. We are committed to technology- from our data rich, custom built Salesforce CRM to our advanced multi-pronged approach to marketing, we are changing the approach to real estate acquisitions in a groundbreaking way. You could say this is our niche. Our ability to pave the way for technological advancements within our organization is something we aren’t only proud of but believe sets us apart from the competition. We believe being tech-driven and growth minded is the future of real estate. Come see and help us build the difference.

We are built around a rich and dynamic culture based on a set of core values. We’re results-driven, transparent in all of our dealings, and give strict attention to detail. Everything that we do is guided by our vision to inspire contemporary living.

We offer a competitive salary, health, vision, and dental coverage and other highly competitive benefits. Like unlimited breakfast and snacks, for example. But it doesn’t stop there. We typically have weekly paid company lunches and offer an incredible culture and work experience, ongoing personal growth opportunities, and departmental crossover.

Maybe you’re the type who likes to do some light social stalking pre-commitment. Here are some of our sites where you can learn more about what we do:

ElementsRE, FAIR Program, CreateRE,

Still reading? We appreciate your diligence. Hit the apply button and one of our super recruiters will reach out to you as soon as they can!
