Req ID: 177703

The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Sr. Business Analyst, Finance- IP Licensing for the Enterprise Technology- Finance & Planning department. This position delivers work products in the area of Finance within the IP Licensing solution sets, including, project requirement gathering, business analysis, functional specification, some system configuration, testing and business process support in the application. This position also supports solutions in the COSMOS portfolio, partners with Business Technology & Workplace Solutions to ensure appropriate usage of technology solutions while ensuring WB operates high quality and low cost solutions within their application portfolio.

The Daily
Partners with Business Unit Finance Teams as well as Enterprise Financial Services to ensure appropriate usage of technology solutions.
Support the health of the COSMOS Finance Solution including the development of application to meet new business requirements in alignment to WBs strategic goals and initiatives.
Analyze Business Unit requirements and prepare Finance related enhancement requests within the IP Licensing applications.
Work closely with Finance Development Resource and extended team on completion of Enhancement including Functional Acceptance, Integration and User Acceptance Testing and subsequent support.
Monitor technical solutions activity for monthly and quarterly Financial Close Processes.
The Essentials
Bachelors degree and/or equivalent work experience.
7-10 years of experience in Finance and Accounting, preferably including a technology role, supporting portfolio of complex applications across multiple business functions using a variety of technologies, with a focus on application development and maintenance.
3-+ years of experience participating in implementing and operating large scale, complex applications (preferably SAP).
2-5 years of experience with Finance applications, preferably in the entertainment industry.
Strong knowledge and practical application of the software development life cycle (SDLC), with industry standard best practice methodologies.
General knowledge of SOX controls and processes.
Experience with business process reengineering preferred.
Broad understanding of enterprise level systems, preferably SAP (including HANA).
Finance & Accounting Processes preferably in Entertainment.
Television Sales.
Data Management.
Reporting Solutions.
Strong customer service mindset.
Ability to actively listen and incorporate feedback to continuously improve.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary.
177703
