Job Description
Description:
As a Business Analyst you will perform requirement gathering and analysis, data analysis, data mapping, functional design, quality assurance/Testing and documentation for ETL related projects.
The individual will be working closely with ETL Leads, Solution Consultants and testing team. Responsibilities: Primary responsibilities include:
Perform requirement gathering and analysis of applications and their business processes.
Performs analysis that is diverse and very complex and works independently under general direction (i.e. writing queries).
Perform Data Analysis, develop Data Mapping and Functional Solution Design documents for ETL projects.
Works with Development Team to ensure feasibility of design and clarify user requirements.
Capture business rules and build physical design document to meet user requirements. ? Work with Data Modelers and DBA to create/update table structures.
Understand and Interpret Logical design document and Data Model diagrams to understand requirements to build physical design document.
Effectively communicate the functional design to developers and confirm the same with solution design team.
Develops test scenarios and scripts that match the business user's objectives to confirm system functions are met.
Work with Development and Testing team to support testing activities.
Qualifications:
Typically requires a minimum of 3-5 years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Strong knowledge and experience in Foundation Systems (Membership System for CA regions)
Candidate must have hands on experience in Mainframe and Oracle technologies
Candidate must have strong knowledge and experience in interpreting user requirements and building Physical Solution Design Document.
Candidate must have good knowledge and experience in understanding logical mapping and data model to build Physical Design document.
Strong knowledge and experience in Data Warehousing (ETL, Data Analysis, etc) concepts.
Strong intuitive and analytical problem solving skills.
Good understanding on testing principles, concepts and tools. Advanced working knowledge of Testing, Business Analysis techniques and tools.
Should have ability to write and execute complex SQL Statements especially in Oracle Environments.
Expertise with Defect Management Tools preferably Mercury Tools preferred.
Good understanding and experience in writing test cases/plans, executing test cases & identifying defects.
Technical Qualifications: Sound knowledge and experience in Oracle, and Mainframe systems.

Daily Responsibilities:

1. Documenting design and data mapping for dashboards and reports 2. Building prototype dashboards in Tableau/Power BI/Excel 3. Document and create data summarization and or transformation tasks in Alteryx/Excel as needed for design

Required Skills:

1. MS office suite, data mapping, business rule definition 2. Dashboard creation in in Tableau, Power BI or other tools 3. MS Visio, MS project plan

Desired Skills:

1. Data Science skills, statistical modeling 2. PM in agile methodology 3. Predictive analytics

Soft Skills:

1. Good verbal, written communication skills 2. Collaborate well with distributed team structure 3. Work well under pressure
