Location Los Angeles, CA Description Our client is currently seeking a PO Business Analyst in Los Angeles, CA. Please email updated resumes to Alaina at achristensenJudge.com. This job will have the following responsibilities Act as a thought partner to assess, understand and address client and user needs as they evolve (e.g. impact of macro-level events). Perform strategicdata analysis and develop recommendation for expanding distribution of the PO product across business lines. Establish business goals in alignment with business case and implement reporting to monitor progress to goal. Coordinate all aspects of Client Engagement as it relates to PO Partner with sales and business leaders to define, socialize and implement the client engagement strategy. Coordinate with cross-functional team to delight the client, aiming to exceed expectations. Facilitate meetings and presentations to effectively communicate unique project goals for each client. Manage various workstreamsactivities, develop project plans and drive the cross-functional team toward key milestones with operational excellence. Serve as a liaison between senior stakeholders, clients and product team. Develop high impact Sales Enablement and Support tools Create off-the-shelf and custom pitch materials to support Relationship Managers in clientprospect engagement. Assist in development of client engagement playbook to support sales team. Buildsupport strategy for participant engagement at benefits fairs. Qualifications Requirements MBA preferred. Minimum of 5 years of experience in business analysis. Experience in strategic marketing or project management field a plus. Experience working in financeinvestment management industry a plus. Exceptional data, analytical and conceptual thinking skills. Ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine needs and solutions. Experience creating detailed reports, delivering presentations to senior executives, and driving stakeholder alignment. Highly competent in Microsoft applications including PowerPoint, Word, Excel, and Outlook. Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills. Experience leading andor contributing to high performing, cross-functional teams. Contact achristensenjudge.com mailtoachristensenjudge.com?subjectPO20Business20Analyst This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com httpwww.judge.com
