We are seeking an experienced Business System Analyst with a degree in Information Systems and strong analytical and problem solving skills to implement and support IT systems in Logistics and Distribution domain. This position will be based in Brea, CA with 25% domestic travel.

The scope of the role:
Implementation of logistics systems, enhancements in warehousing and transportation domain.
Provide Production support for Oracle Logistics, Warehousing and Transportation application domain
Facilitate meetings with stakeholders to elicit business and functional requirements
Work with external vendors to research solutions, define project scope and determine solutions.
Perform investigation to research which technologies and modules can accomplish specific goals.
Outline project plan and documentation to reflect concise understanding of the business requirement.
Support team mindset with all project members, business owners, and customers to work towards shared goals and objectives.
Perform SIT testing, and work with users for UAT testing.
Drive a solution through the SDLC process
Work within Beckman change management and Quality policies to ensure approval and success of changes made.
Ensures issues are identified, tracked, reported on and resolved in a timely manner.
Communicate and work with development team, DBAs or other IT support members for needed changes.
Assist in enforcement of project deadlines and schedules, communicates and applies project standards and methodology.
Develop functional specifications and system design specifications and Oracle configuration documentation.
Develop business and use case and process flow documents
Communicate with impacted departments and project team members to properly manage expectations.
Provides Super User and End User Training where applicable and ensures systems are being used as expected/designed.
Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.
