Requisition Number:
WH5061

Job Title:
Sr. IT Business Analyst, Supply Chain

Full Time:
Full Time - Regular

Shift:
1st Shift

Area of Interest:
ITS

Location:
West Hills-WH

Job Description:
Sr. IT Business Analyst, Supply Chain

West Hills, CA

HELP US BRING THE GIFT OF HEALTH TO LIFE.

Working at Pharmavite is an experience like no other. With a focus on complete nutrition for all, each endeavor is urgent and every day counts. You'll have the opportunity to work on the #1 selling national vitamin and supplement brand, Nature Made, as well as an exciting portfolio of other products that are shaping the future of the healthy living industry. Consumer-driven innovation, high quality products and a promising portfolio, all driven by a team with a shared sense of purpose -- that's Pharmavite. Join us to bring the gift of health to life.

The Sr. IT Business Analyst, Supply Chain will be a strategic advisor that drives engagement across the organization to implement, maintain and maximize the value of IT technology investments. Working collaboratively with the business partners to understand their needs and with other IT partners to define, develop and deliver cost effective and efficient solutions. The Sr. IT Business Analyst, Supply Chain reports to Sr. Manager, Enterprise Solutions.

At Pharmavite, every employee has a stake in bringing the gift of health to life. We never shy away from disruptive innovation and tough challenges, because we're making real nutrition accessible to consumers everywhere in new and different ways. And because we know every nutriment we make matters, we have to make sure each one is just right before we make it ready for use. With this great responsibility comes the satisfaction that your contribution makes a real and significant difference.

Critical contributions this role is counted on to deliver include:
Build strong working relationships to facilitate cross functional collaboration.
Transform requirements into technical solutions that add value while maintaining current systems.
Execute priorities to align with strategies.
Maintain good functional and technical change management practices.
The ideal candidate will be recognized as a key contributor to the Supply Chain Planning and IT teams as well as the larger Operations organization. You are people, process and systems oriented and love identifying and delivering quality solutions that drive business transformation, while executing and maintaining the highest standards for technical solutions & support. You also enjoy working with and motivating others to success -- regardless of reporting lines and are comfortable operating with any staff/management level in the organization.

You'll be most successful in this role if you have:
A demonstrated deep understanding of Supply Chain Planning processes & technology with a track record of successfully delivering technical solutions to meet business requirements.
The ability to foster collaboration by building strong relationships and seamlessly working cross functionally on solutions that transform and add value.
A proven ability to act as both a functional and technical consultant to provide independent perspective with courage to challenge partners to think outside the box and drive appropriate solutions.
Project Management expertise with a delivery mindset.
The ability to prioritize the roadmap based on strategy and value while defining & executing actionable plans.
It's an exciting time in Pharmavite's history. After 45 years of leading the healthy living industry with award-winning vitamins and supplements, the company has experienced great success and has gained the trust of consumers, healthcare professionals, and retailers alike. But there's more growth ahead of us than behind us, and for our employees this translates into opportunity. Our rapidly changing business enables employees to take on new challenges and transform Pharmavite for the future.

In order to take on these challenges, you'll need to have:
Supply Chain Planning functional Subject Matter Expertise.
Functional & technical subject matter expertise in Oracle ASCP, Demantra and JD Edwards.
Strong business process analysis & facilitation skills.
Systems analysis, design, testing, training, change control & implementation expertise.
Proven systems support & troubleshooting.
7 years' experience as an Information Technology Business Solutions Analyst involved directly with supporting the business teams.
OUR OFFER:

Here, career paths aren't predefined and bureaucratic limitations don't exist -- you have the opportunity to grow, learn from industry pioneers, and develop the way you want to. Pharmavite is investing more in the development of our team -- to help us deliver on our purpose and help you achieve your career aspirations. Our environment is geared to fuel curiosity, encourage experimentation, and generate learning as this is the way we develop ourselves and our organization.

Pharmavite is committed to meeting the needs of our employees and their families with a Total Rewards package that's as comprehensive as the vitamins and supplements we deliver to consumers. With competitive compensation programs and standout benefits, we provide employees with optimal health and well-being -- as well as peace of mind. These rewards -- plus our new recognition program -- ensure employees feel supported both at work and home.

Join Us:

Visit Pharmavite.com/careers to learn more about our mission and discover an opportunity that's right for you. Health and wellness begins with us.

Pharmavite is an equal employment and affirmative action employer F/M/Disability/Vet/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran or disabled status, or any protected status. We do not discriminate in employment based on race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or any other basis covered by applicable law. All employment is decided based on qualifications, merit, and business need.

Disclaimer

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications of employees assigned to this job.
