The Job

Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. seeks a Business Analyst, Support for the Enterprise Technology- IP Licensing & Dist Solutions department. This position delivers support work in the area of Sales/Avails within the IP Licensing solution sets, including system production support, incident and backlog resolution and client communication. This role also works closely with the Support Lead, Program Manager and other Business Analysts to help seamlessly integrate new development objects to ensure the continuance of the overall health of the COSMOS solution.

The Daily
Incident Ticket resolution across the IP Licensing Portfolio.
Document work progress of ticket resolution.
Execute automate and validate automated test scripts and execute manual regression testing of new development objects to avoid interruption of the health of the solution.
Liaise with Business Units to understand prioritization of incidents during critical business process windows.
Partners with Program Developers to achieve optimal resolution of incidents to minimize disruption in the system processes.
The Essentials
2+ years of experience in a technology support role, performing ticket resolution for applications across multiple business functions using a variety of technologies.
1-2 years of experience supporting large scale, complex applications (preferably SAP).
Strong knowledge and practical application of the software development life cycle (SDLC), with industry standard best practice methodologies.
Good understanding of enterprise level systems, preferably SAP (including HANA).
Good understanding of Incident Management Tools (preferably Service Now).
Support Management.
Incident/Backlog Management.
Strong customer service mindset.
Ability to actively listen and incorporate feedback to continuously improve.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Must be able to communicate effectively and tactfully with all levels of personnel, both in person and on the telephone.
Must be able to organize and schedule work effectively.
Must be service-oriented.
Must be able to work independently.
Must be able to work flexible hours, including possible overtime, when necessary.
Requisition #
177704BR

Area of Interest
Technology/Information Technology

Industry
Film Production and Distribution

Location
United States - California - Burbank

Position Type
Full Time

Business Unit
WB Technology

Business Unit Overview
WB Technology combines Warner Bros.’ industry-leading technologists and disciplines to ensure global alignment with business strategy and accelerated delivery of innovative technology solutions studio- and industry-wide. From pre-production through archiving, the WBT organization will provide critical business and technology intelligence and services to all Studio business units. WBT manages the Studio’s enterprise systems and solutions, emerging platforms, information security, consumer intelligence, content mastering and delivery, and more.

Company Overview
WarnerMedia is a leading media and entertainment company that creates and distributes premium and popular content from a diverse array of talented storytellers and journalists to global audiences through its consumer brands including: HBO, HBO Now, HBO Max, Warner Bros., TNT, TBS, truTV, CNN, DC Entertainment, New Line, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, Turner Classic Movies and others.

Warner Media, LLC and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity employers. Qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, mental or physical disability, and genetic information, marital status, citizenship status, military status, protected veteran status or any other category protected by law.
