Summary:
This position provides effective credit service with minimal errors, timely response to internal customers with a high level of accuracy and efficiency.
Job Responsibilities:
Responsible for review of customer orders, reconciliation of customer accounts, administration of joint check orders, and preparation and review of accounts placed with collection agencies.
Responsible for making collection calls to accounts in arrears, respond to requests for proof of delivery, copies of invoices, and statements.
Set up new accounts while meeting accuracy guidelines and productivity standards.
Respond to all inquiries via phone, fax, e-email, etc. in a timely manner.
Update internal files as appropriate; interfacing with co-workers, internal and external domestic and branch-based customers to resolve account concerns.
Handle requests for credit references from outside sources and order Dun & Bradstreet reports.
Responsible for sorting and distributing monthly statements, prepare correspondence including form letters and monthly note transmittal letters; maintain order logs, monitor invoices, and payment deductions.
Express and work towards department and system improvements (includes participation in company Method Improvement Program).
Assess customer needs and resolve concerns through use of excellent listening, good judgment, critical thinking and problem solving skills.
Possess excellent listening skills in order to apply self-start, judgment, critical thinking and problem solving techniques to effectively assess customer needs and resolve concerns.
Required Qualifications:
A minimum of two (2) years relevant experience in a business-business (B2B) context in credit and or customer service.
One year certificate from college or technical school; or six to twelve months related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Knowledge of invoicing and payment applications is necessary.
Credit, collections, and/or accounts receivable experience preferred.
Strong organizational and time management skills with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment.
Possess exceptional interpersonal communication skills with the ability to adapt to various communication styles.
Must have great problem solving skills with an assertive ability to manage and resolve difficult situation.
Must have intermediate skills in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook.
About the company:
Bobrick is a 100+ year-old global washroom accessory and partition company headquartered in North Hollywood, CA with six manufacturing divisions across the United States and Canada and business operations that extend into 85 markets worldwide. A leader in product innovation and manufacturing, Bobrick prides itself as a company that delivers best-in-class products and service, while fostering an environment of collaboration and continuous learning.
Bobrick’s Culture:
We view our culture as a competitive advantage and a foundation for continued success. Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. Bobrick respects work-life balance, has a strong commitment to employee development and attributes its success to four core values and their alignment with its employees, suppliers, sales representatives, distributors and other channel partners.
