Beachbody, the leader of in-home fitness programs and nutritional products, is on the lookout for top-notch talent. We’re an equal-opportunity employer who offers competitive compensation, incredible benefits and perks, not to mention a laid-back office filled with smart, friendly people and positive energy. We also provide free Shakeology, onsite gyms, flexible work hours, and cool product discounts. Are you ready to help us achieve our goal of helping people live healthy fulfilling lives?

Why is the Strategic Analysis team important to Beachbody?

The Strategic Analysis team works closely with departments across the organization, utilizing data to drive strategic and tactical decisions. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who enjoys both detailed quantitative analysis and creative collaboration on larger strategic questions regarding Beachbody's growing portfolio of products.

What will you be doing at Beachbody as a Senior Analyst, Strategic Analysis?
Work across Beachbody to support various groups throughout the company with data and insights.
Key analytics efforts will include: monitoring sales and marketing campaign performance, understanding customer engagement and linking customer actions to customer retention, etc.
Create innovative dashboards which turn data into information and insights.
Proactively explore data to develop actionable recommendations and provide new metrics.
Build data pipelines to gather data from multiple sources and automate analyses in order to produce value-added insights and answer department-specific questions.
Run ad-hoc analyses to drive positive outcomes for various company initiatives.
Provide input through business modeling and pro forma analysis to support strategic decision-making in day-to-day operations and new programs.
Develop presentation materials and weekly reports to communicate key insights from the analysis.
Build predictive models and algorithms to measure and optimize business performance, including LTV and models for customer segmentation and targeting, including churn and propensity models
We'd love to chat if you have...
Bachelor's Degree (BA/BS) from a top college or university in Business, Math, Engineering, or Economics. Preferred Master’s Degree (MS).
5+ years’ relevant experience with a track record of leveraging data to drive business decisions.
Experience extracting and transforming data (Tableau & Alteryx experience strongly preferred)
Data visualization experience.
Some professional statistical analytics experience preferred.
Some professional experience preferred using data-building and statistical programming languages: Python, R, SQL, other query tools etc.
Beachbody, LLC is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship status, religion, creed, age, physical or mental disability, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.

To all recruitment agencies: Beachbody does not accept unsolicited agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Beachbody employees, or any other company location. Beachbody is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
