Hawker Pacific Aerospace, Sun Valley, CA is seeking a Project Analyst to support its Aircraft Records department. Selected applicant will be responsible for reviewing LLPs for purchase or sale by HPA, support BTB requests from internal and external customers and ongoing customer/supplier communication to resolve BTB gaps for more profitable LLP purchases. The Project Analyst will coordinate with Aircraft Records Supervisor and work closely with other departments or outside resources to ensure the scope and direction of projects is on schedule and budget.

Essential Duties:

This individual has the responsibility and authority to carry out assigned task. May be assigned some or all duties indicated below depending on job progression level.
Responsible for managing business projects (complex & interdisciplinary) at HPUS; taking possession of project progress in regards to content, time and budget.
Coordinate internal resources and third parties/vendors required to complete assigned projects.
Managing and taking responsibility as local point of contact for PD wide, international projects that are relevant for the company's success.
All business development projects will aim towards process (internal/external) development, agreement, implementation and optimization that will lead to on-time-delivery of HPUS products to the customers.
Create a detailed work plan for each project that provides scope, schedule and objective that includes all required stakeholders to make the project a success. Ensure resource availability and allocation, monitor project progress, manage risk and ensure compliance is followed in all business actions carried out.
Provide regularly scheduled updates to Senior Management as each project progresses.
Arranging and moderating workshops and meetings, ensuring communication with internal and external involved parties keeps the projects on schedule and budget.
Responsibility to work with LEAN Manufacturing principles.
Performs other duties as required by business needs.
Education: Bachelor's degree required. MBA preferred.

Certification/Licensure: Business & Leadership

Experience: Five years' prior management & planning experience.

Computer/Microsoft Office/Acrobat literacy, understanding of OEM life limits/life limited parts (LLPs) and experience with customer interactions.

Familiarity of LLPs on HPA's Portfolio of LDG (Regional, Boeing, Airbus). Experience with records for lease returns or exchanges, experience with commercial trace, familiarity with EASA and FAA BTB requirements.

This position may require use of information, which is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR), or both. U.S. Person preferred. Under U.S. law, a U.S. Person is a U.S. Citizen, a U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. 'Green Card status'), a Political Asylee or Refugee. Foreign Nationals applying for this position are subject to U.S. export licensing requirements in order to lawfully have access to technical data, including approval(s) from the U.S. Department of State, Directorate of Defense Trade Controls or the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security. Prior written authorization from the U.S. Department of State-DDTC or the U.S. Department of Commerce-BIS, or both, must be granted, or the inapplicability of such requirements must be certified by the Empowered Official, BEFORE the applicant can work at Hawker Pacific Aerospace.

We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
