POSITION DESCRIPTION

TITLE: Credit Analyst/Portfolio Analyst/Business Analyst

CUSTOMER SERVICE TEAM EXPECTATIONS

Foremost the incumbent in this position must demonstrate and consistently deliver excellent customer service; lead by example and exceed customer expectations; make the customer the top priority and look for ways to create customer value and loyalty. The incumbent must also have the ability to unite a group of individuals into a team working together toward a shared goal; take charge and initiate actions to drive outstanding results and achieve positive results working collaboratively with the team; and share the responsibilities throughout the Bank.

SUMMARY

The Business Intelligence Analyst [Staff Analyst/Portfolio Analyst/Business Analyst/etc.] will report to the Chief Credit Officer.

The analyst will be responsible for report generation, process improvement, risk assessment, and addressing the needs of the departmeent as appropriate. Projects will be centered on the usage of spreadsheets, database management, information gathering, cross-department coordination, and the development of more efficient processes.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Golden State Bank (the “Bank”) expects all employees to comply with the responsibilities of their assigned position to the highest degree of performance by:

1. Adhering to the Bank’s policies and supporting Management decisions and goals in a positive, professional manner.

2. Representing the Bank with a high level of integrity and professionalism.

3. Maintaining knowledge and understanding of banking rules, regulations, laws and all policies and procedures pertaining to them including, but not limited to, the Bank

Secrecy Act.

4. Demonstrating a willingness to adapt to changing business needs and deadlines.

5. Exhibiting a professional, business-like appearance and demeanor.

6. Willingness to adapt to changing business needs and deadlines.

7. Above-average interpersonal skills; ability to communicate verbally with a wide range of people.

8. Positive attitude and willingness to work.

9. Responsiveness, judgment, maturity, integrity, and time management skills are required.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

1. Understand fundamentals of a relational database: i.e. primary/composite keys, tables, normalization, and importance of data integrity.

2. Ability to create technical documentation for work processes which were either implemented from third-party or internally designed.

 Ability to incorporate new policy and procedures into existing work processes.

3. Intermediate to expert knowledge of Excel. Should be able to write complex formulas independently (through own knowledge or research) which can perform the following operations:

 Perform a calculation based upon multiple, and often times nested criteria.

 Perform data scrubbing/conversion of string data to fit needs of reports.

 Utilize Sumproduct function in substitute of other ‘aggregate if’ functions when complex criteria are necessary.

 Date functions.

 Perform financial calculations, including the calculation of an amortized payment.

 Perform index functions which return a value based upon matched criteria.

 In addition to writing formulas, should also be able to use the following functions of Excel:

o Pivot Tables

o Power Query (desirable, but not necessary)

o Conditional Formatting

o Named Ranges (Including Tables)

o Sorting and filtering.

o Protected Cells

4. Ability to research solutions for complex problems independently utilizing resources such as an internet search engine or technical documentation.

ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES

1. Responsible for completing Regulatory courses and all other training courses as assigned.

2. Perform other duties as assigned.

PROFICIENCIES

1. Able to understand, modify or write VBA code in the context of Excel and MS Access.

2. Able to understand and manipulate SQL queries. Ability to write basic SQL queries ad hoc.

2 | P a g e

 Should be able to create a SQL statement utilizing joins, aggregate functions,

‘WHERE’ clauses.

 Experience with MS Access Query Design, IBM Cognos, or any report building studio is desirable.

3. Ability to design/maintain user interfaces via forms in MS Access or similar product utilizing controls such as text boxes, combo boxes, list, bullet points, buttons, etc. as appropriate.

4. Ability to write basic scripts utilizing batch files (through own knowledge or research), to accomplish ad hoc tasks such as mass file renaming or combining text files.

5. Familiarity with Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses (ALLL) concepts, quantitative/qualitative factors, time series data, and forecasting.

6. Familiarity with basic accounting principles.

7. Familiarity with rules and regulations which a financial institution is subject to.

EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE

 Education: College graduate with major in related fields.

 Experience: two years of experience with basic knowledge of Banking.

 Prior work as a Credit Analyst is a huge plus, but not necessary to perform the job.

3 | P a g e

Job Type: Full-time

Work Location:
One location
Benefits:
Health insurance
Dental insurance
Vision insurance
Retirement plan
Paid time off
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
