The Analytics team at Miro has a clear mission - use data to make better decisions. We are a small and highly leveraged team of folks who pride ourselves on finding ways to answer even the most challenging business questions.

As the company grows, our Analytics team is continuously expanding and we are looking to hire a strong Business Analytics Manager. In this role, you will work with Go to Market team leadership to help in defining their teams strategy and to assess the effectiveness of their key initiatives. You will have an amazing opportunity to help Miro accelerate our existing momentum, scale our business initiatives, and maximize our full potential.

What you'll do
Find the stories buried in data and build insightful dashboards that enable everyone at Miro to be an analyst
Be a vocal and proactive partner to your stakeholders. Guide their line of questioning rather than just fulfilling requests. Provide insights and conclusions rather than data outputs
Know where to find the right data to answer a question. Be persistent in ensuring data quality and resourceful in getting data that is not immediately available
Be comfortable outside of your comfort zone - understand always changing business needs, explore new tech and tools, trace data issues to the source, or find a new way to address an old problem
Coach, mentor, and help set strategy for Business Analysts to drive even more impact for the team
What you'll need
4+ years of Analytics/Data Science/BizOps experience in fast growing startup.
You're comfortable working with ambiguity and forging your own path.
You deliver results quickly with iteration, instead of waiting for perfection.
You love telling stories with data - numbers are key, but a business is built with people. Cross-functional relationships and effective communication are critical to make an impact!
Data Visualization/Reporting: Tableau, Looker, or similar experience required.
Salesforce: You can use it to quickly develop v.1 of an analysis.
Complex SQL statements: You can write these in your sleep.
What's in it for you
Excellent health benefits that include medical, dental and vision
Flexible time off
Catered lunches + free snacks and drinks
401K matching program
Brand new offices!
Team outings
About Miro


Miro is an online collaborative whiteboard platform that enables distributed teams to work effectively together, from running brainstorming sessions and workshops to planning projects, from designing new products and services to facilitating agile ceremonies. With over 5 million users and 20,000 paying customers, Miro is trusted by Dell, Cisco, Salesforce, PWC, EA, and many more global companies of all sizes.

At Miro, we are a team of dreamers. We look for individuals who dream big, work hard and above all stay humble. Collaboration is at the heart of what we do and through our work together we hope to create a supportive, welcoming, and innovative environment. We strive to play as a team to win the world and create a better version of ourselves everyday. If this sounds like something that excites you, we want to hear from you!
