Join us at Cedars-Sinai


Come join us and find out why Cedars-Sinai has been ranked as one of the top 100 best places to work in IT as ranked by 2018 Computerworld Magazine for the 10th year in a row!

Always at the forefront of technologies, Cedars-Sinai is implementing EPIC as its comprehensive electronic medical record system.

The Enterprise Information Services (EIS) team at Cedars-Sinai understands that true clinical transformation and the optimization of a clinical information systems implementation is fueled through the alignment of the right people, processes and technologies.
What will you be doing in this role?
Our Ambulatory Applications Analyst will perform under general supervision, provide an intermediate level of operational and application build expertise in completing routine and occasionally more complex assignments to meet customer goals and desired outcomes. Based on core knowledge of application and operational requirements can translate requirement/concepts into functionality.

Task and assignment focus is typically on varying size projects, performing workflow analysis, build, and documentation in collaboration with internal and external team members.
Work closely with a variety of EIS teams to conduct high-quality, high -service planning/implementation and support of information systems for Ambulatory clinics.
Use strong communication skills to present ideas to various internal and external teams.
May initiate, facilitate or lead meetings with end-user/business owner and other EIS teams.
Demonstrate independence and participation in team projects: translating customer needs, meeting deliverables, status reporting, and managing customer relationships and expectations. Assigned to various work/projects and demonstrates an ability to successfully complete assigned tasks/assignments, proactively communicate with manager to prioritize workflow and mitigate risks, track issues and provide solution oriented escalation, and understand project management methodologies.

FYI: Participates in an on-call rotation to provide off-hours.

Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent combination of relevant experience, education and training.
Epic certification in relevant module.
What else are we looking for?
2-3 years of Epic experience, preferred.
Excellent verbal, written and critical thinking skills.
Project management experience, preferred.
Ability to handle multiple projects independently.
Demonstrates initiative and pro-activeness in work.
Troubleshoots effectively and provides recommendations.
