About Streamline:

Streamline’s mission is to build innovative technology solutions that empower people who improve behavioral health and quality of life of those in need. We are a high growth technology company that delivers web-based software for healthcare organization’s to provide and coordinate all service delivery processes. Streamline has been offering software in the behavioral health marketplace since 2003. Streamline has built and maintains systems for some of the nation’s premier behavioral health organizations using the latest web-based technology.

Streamline offers competitive compensation and benefits packages as well as a challenging, yet flexible, work environment that is conducive to collaboration and productivity. A career with Streamline Healthcare Solutions provides opportunities for growth and continued learning in a workplace where individual contribution is valued and recognized. Join us, and advance your career today with a company that is on the cutting edge of the behavioral healthcare technology industry.

Here at Streamline, we strive on building lasting and trusting relationships with our clients, and our employees set the bar.

Job Overview:

As a Business Analyst with Streamline Healthcare Solutions you will be responsible for the coordination and completion of customer implementations, working closely with our customers getting to understand their needs and how they want our software applications to work for them, developing creative solutions to customer user requirements and problems.

You will be responsible for maintaining all tasks associated with an implementation, managing the project to meet deadlines and stay within contract budgets to deliver a working application to the customer in a timely manner. Having well-developed organizational skills and strong attention to detail is critical to success in this role.

Our customers will rely on you as their go-to person during implementation, keeping them informed of any updates to the customer environment, ensuring that all things are progressing. You will create training materials and presentations, conducting training sessions with new users, helping them learn the application and how to use it.

Job Responsibilities:
Responsible for coordinating the completion of client implementations, maintaining project schedules and organizing all of the tasks associated with implementation.
Manage project execution to ensure adherence to budget, schedule and scope; monitoring and tracking project milestones and deliverables
Prepare project status reports by collecting, analyzing and summarizing information and trends
Build relationships with customers, conducting needs assessments to identify organizational EMR management requirements
Confer with customers regarding software needs and develop creative solutions to customer user requirements and problems.
Coordinate with the customer and staff for updates to the customer environment, responsible for testing the application environments, ensuring that the environment is functioning.
Develop, document and revise new application design procedures, test procedures, and quality standards, including testing of new build designs.
Create training materials, prepare and compile training presentations to facilitate learning and conduct training sessions with new users, helping them learn the application.
Job Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in a business related field preferred, but not required
3+ years’ experience in a healthcare environment.
Expertise in behavioral healthcare billing processes.
Business Analyst experience in healthcare industry experience is a plus!
History of academic and professional success
Highly motivated, organized, and proactive in managing projects from end-to-end
Results driven, and able to prioritize multiple tasks in a fast paced, deadline driven environment
Strong analytical skills, problem solving abilities and sharp attention to detail
Excellent written and oral communication skills
Strong presentation abilities and interpersonal skills
Can work independently and be self-directed
Confidence in dealing with and serving customers
Experience with Microsoft Office suite and Google Apps
Willingness to travel up to 30%
