Job Description
Job Description

Works collaboratively with clients and stakeholders - both external and internal to the company - to research and elicit, analyze, validate and document business requirements, and to ensure that those requirements clearly reflect true business needs, correctly representing all stakeholders. Translates business needs into system/ application requirements and project components to help determine solutions to business problems. Assists team members in producing functional requirements for tool development. Proactively identifies and manages changes to requirements and identify risks for the company’s clients. Effectively manages client’s expectations. Applies industry and information technology expertise to support proposals, feasibility studies, implementations and new business development.

Responsibilities:
Participate in the elicitation, documentation, analysis and validation of business processes, systems, and solution requirements.
Research components of solutions to problems.
Produce visualization, user experience and configuration elements of solution design.
Document requirements specifications using high-maturity methods, processes and tools.
Support requirements management and change management processes.
Support aspects of the business cycle, including proposals, feasibility studies, and implementations.
Knowledge and Skills:
Typically a Master’s degree in a technical or business discipline or equivalent experience and a minimum of 0-2 years of related experience.
May include highly experienced individuals performing entry-level equivalent work who are non- degreed or degreed in an unrelated field.
Understanding of IT terminology and systems.
Requirements workshop facilitation experience.
Ability to develop and foster strong relationships with business and IT teams.
Excellent communication skills and ability to articulate ideas and concepts.
Ability to define current/future business processes and influence the interconnections between the business processes, technology, data and people.
Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of an organization.
Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals.
Ability to define problems collects data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Powered by JazzHR

aFh79TDbwd
