Job Description
As the Project Analyst, you will serve as a key role for our medial records retrieval business by serving as the link between external clients, client services, and our internal operations team. You will contribute to the implementation and success of new projects, support ongoing business by translating business needs into actionable process steps fro the operations team, and lead project analysis. You may also be required to consult clients concerning implementation best practices, provide ongoing support and training.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions:
Assist project manager in determining and monitoring overall project direction, scope, work plans, and budgets
Responsible for creating and maintaining project forecast projections
Streamline the overall workflow and operations, with the primary aim of keeping the project on schedule
Attend client meetings related to project operations to build client relationships and ensure complete understanding of project scope and needs
Identify and build reporting needs and requirements.
Understand SOW and be run feasibility analysis to ensure consistency with client demands
Work closely with operations team on project configuration and are within company standards
Conduct first level data check and analysis to ensure professional standards and client satisfaction is exceeded
Provide guidance to other team members regarding best/standard practices.
Provide guidance/assistance to team members where needed to help ensure issues are resolved by assigned due date.
Escalate concerns with ability to meet due dates to project manager.
Train and help transition ongoing processing requirements to operations team.
Lead client requirements meetings as needed.
Maintain and update all requirements documents, ensuring adherence to standards.
Research issues and cases to determine root cause and provide impact analysis for ongoing issues and changes and requests for new functionality.
Assist Project Manager with development of Project Plan and significant change orders.
Responsible for vendor file updates and ongoing support.
Provide training for client on large-scale changes orders to client, and other stakeholders asneeded.
May be assigned other duties.
Must maintain compliance with all company policies and procedures.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree in business, management information systems, healthcare or related field.
3+ years of relevant work experience in Analyst related role.
Understanding of the fundamentals of healthcare preferred
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written
Attention to detail and self-motivation
Strong analytical, integrative and problem solving skills
Solid interpersonal skills and client service orientation
Ability to work both independently and on teams, including virtual work teams with members in different geographic regions
Strong organizational abilities and flexibility to work in a performance driven environment managing multiple project priorities
Sense of accountability, owning one’s work and taking pride in it; commitment to quality and continuous improvement
Desire to learn, accept new challenges, and have fun
Excellent computer skills and proficient in MS Office (including Excel)
Salesforce experience a plus
Ability to travel and work extended hours as needed
Physical Requirements:
Ability to safely and successfully perform the essential job functions consistent with the ADA,
FMLA and other federal, state and local standards, including meeting productivity standards
Must be able to lift and carry up to 20 lbs.
While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle or feel; and reach with hands and arms.
10% domestic travel. Travel is primarily local during the business day, although some projects may require more out-of-the-area and overnight travel.
EEO POLICY STATEMENT:

Episource, LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Episource, LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, and transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

Episource, LLC expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Episource, LLC employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.
Company Description
ABOUT US:
SIMPLE, QUALITY, AND COST-EFFECTIVE SOLUTIONS TAILORED TO THE NEEDS OF OUR CLIENTS.

Episource is driven to collect data that's insightful and accurate. With innovative technology and a global services model, we offer intuitive analytics to impact meaningful growth. From robust Risk Adjustment Analytics, Retrospective Chart Reviews, Quality Reporting, Encounter Data Submissions, and Clinical Services, Episource starts with the smallest of details and translates them to create better patient insights around disease profiles and care gaps. We know that behind each chart and every code is a real person. Humanity is our binding element, and we have your members in mind.

Our vision is to provide health information exchange solutions that allow healthcare organizations to safely and efficiently manage member-centric data, quality of care initiatives, member intervention and management programs, risk adjustment programs in Medicare, Medicaid, Commercial, and Exchanges. Episource emphasizes driving value, operational excellence, respect, and integrity in all aspects of our operational and professional conduct, while striving to reflect the highest ethical standards in our relationships with members, providers, and our clients.

Embracing a hybrid model that caters to the requirements of the global market, Episource concentrates application and functional expertise located both onshore and offshore, where we leverage best practices and economies of scale. Our highly-skilled workforce is trained in a consistent client delivery approach that emphasizes value, and enables clients to focus more on their core competencies.
