Scale is a tech-driven,direct-to-consumer platform that develops and deploys cutting-edge consumer brands from concept to scale, efficiently, profitably and quickly. We are obsessed with perfecting our proprietary technology, processes and methodologies that allow for rapid growth, from inception to SCALE.

Together we have a lifetime of experience in health, nutrition, entertainment, advertising, creative, media buying, strategy, performance optimization, and leadership. We have achieved success that has resulted in thousands of lives changed and millions of dollars in revenue.

We are searching for a Marketing Data Analyst to join our growing Business Analytics team.

Use your data and analytical skills to help develop data and marketing models for existing and new products, new acquisition channels and retention marketing efforts. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with our awesome internal and external teams, such as finance, media buying, growth, development and 3rd party providers to assist with data collection and results tracking.

We are looking for someone with a natural ability to use data to better understand customer behaviour, and use those findings to improve business results including future forecasting, predictive analysis, subscription and retention.

Responsibilities:
Create and manage the companyâs online BI tool, including dashboard planning and creation, using data from different data sources, such as our data warehouse and different APIâs
Support all departments and teams in dashboard requests based on their business requirements and analytics needs
Conduct in-depth evaluation and analysis of different marketing efforts to help derive insights and recommendations
Analyze and aggregate the effectiveness of customer acquisition campaigns and retention efforts using a variety of sources
Gather information and examine web traffic, social media metrics, marketing campaigns and other activities that will design and create reports for a variety of stakeholders
Present monthly, quarterly and yearly results to the executive team, as well as provide business insights and assist with strategic planning
Support the companyâs key projects and initiatives including data planning and KPI tracking.
Collaborate with media teams to provide data insights and recommendations for optimization towards marketing goals, campaign ad spend, and campaign funnels across digital channels
Assist the analytics and development team with new KPIs tracking, API connections, data structure for key projects and database optimization
Develop predictive models and customersâ segmentation based on the business needs
Education Requirements:
Bachelorâs degree in business, statistics, math, IT or a related field
Experience Requirements:
Min. 3 yearsâ experience in a related field such as eCommerce, Digital Marketing or CPG
Excellent SQL and Excel knowledge and experience
Developed knowledged around Digital Marketing
Demonstrated experience with BI tools (Tableau, Sisense ,Qlik and etc) for both dashboard design and data architecture
Demonstrated experience with statistical software would be an advantage
Why You Should Join:

At Scale youâll be joining our existing team of skilled and passionate professionals. Weâre always trying to push the envelope with how we can use technology to drive business processes. We collect and process large amount of data to inform business decisions on a daily basis. We are constantly optimizing and improving the user experience we provide our customers.

If this sounds like a challenge you are up for, we would love to hear from you!

What We Offer:
Competitive Salary
Medical, dental, vision and life insurance
401(k)
Paid parental leave
Gym membership
Generous paid time off (PTO)
Access to our âœScaling Wellnessâ program - mental health days, yoga sessions, daily meditation, fresh fruits and company provided snacks
Fun work culture - monthly and quarterly staff events
Casual Dress
An amazing team to work alongside !
Powered by JazzHR
