Purpose of Job:

The Business Operations Analyst is responsible for creating reports from corporate operational transactional data, compiling and analyzing data for management regarding the company operation. This position will also identify problems from data analysis and provide business recommendations.

Job Description:
Collaborates with other departments and collect appropriate business data according to the needs of business analysis projects
Explores data definition from different data sources and identify the variance
Provides analysis support when compiling and reporting information
Evaluate, interpret and analyze data and/or business process, and present recommendation and alternatives for management and executive review
Creates detailed business reports for business needs by compiling appropriate business data Keeps track with the execution of report recommendation and alerting management of any potential delays
Support projects assigned by upper Management / BOA
The position responsibilities outlined above are in no way to be construed as all encompassing
Other duties, responsibilities, and qualifications may be required and/or assigned as necessary.
Job Requirements:
Must possess a High School Diploma or GED; Bachelor's degree in Business, Statistics, or a related field is strongly preferred
3+ years of business analysis related experience in an E-Commerce environment
Experience managing multiple projects concurrently
Knowledge of business intelligence, SQL and web traffic analytical tools
Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Excel, Word)
Familiarity with E-Commerce transaction procedures and programs
Ability to work both independently and in a collaborative, team-oriented environment
Strong oral communication skills and good written skills
Proven ability to meet tight deadlines
Must be detail oriented and self-motivated
Essential Mental & Physical Function:
Mental Functions:
Decisions have major implications on the management and operations of an area within a department. Job may contribute to important strategy, operational, and business decisions that affect the department. This position establishes procedures for attaining specific goals and objectives in a broad area of work. Only the final results of work done are typically reviewed.

Physical Functions:
Sitting required 90% of the time. Walking and standing required 5% of the time respectively. No heavy lifting required. Constant working on a computer.

Supervisor Responsibilities:
No

Equipment Used:
Standard office and computer equipment including MS Office software.

Language Skills:
Must be able to speak, read, write and comprehend English

Work Environment:
Office cubicle environment with minimal exposure to the environment or health hazards

Travel Requirements:
Approximately 10%

Date Posted:
Jun 10, 2020
