The Opportunity

Mesirow Financial is an independent, employee-owned firm founded in 1937. As specialists in investment, risk management and advisory services, we are committed to helping our institutional, corporate, and individual clients achieve their objectives. We are proud of Mesirow’s culture of fostering team member engagement, entrepreneurship, and empowerment. Our positive culture, volunteerism, and opportunity for advancement makes Mesirow one of the few employers to be included in both Chicago Tribune’s Top Places to Work and Crain’s Best Places to Work in Chicago.

Mesirow Financial's Investment Banking group services private and public companies in a variety of middle-market transactions. We offer advisory services and play a large role in facilitating mergers and acquisitions, private equity placements and corporate restructuring. The team is consistently recognized for helping a wide range of clients make and execute decisions about their business strategy and financial structure.

Summer Analysts are hired into the Chicago office and will be placed within the Investment Banking group, which is in the Global Markets division at Mesirow Financial. During the 9-week program, Summer Analysts experience the culture of Mesirow Financial and assume the role of a Full-Time Investment Banking Analyst, working on a variety of transactions. Summer Analysts will participate in intensive financial modeling and valuation training early in the program. This training will be leveraged in their work with multiple deal teams over the course of the summer. Work products will include creating presentation documents, crafting valuation materials, conducting industry research and participating in client calls. In addition, Summer Analysts will have the opportunity to network with senior managers from around the firm through organized events.

Responsibilities
Research and compile market data relating to prior or future transactions
Analyze corporate and financial information
Build financial models to value companies
Prepare correspondence, marketing information and presentations for senior professionals
Participate in client calls
Perform other duties and special projects as assigned
Requirements
Current junior undergraduate student (graduating 2022)
Strong interest in financial services and financial analysis
Strong knowledge of Word, Excel and PowerPoint
Attention to detail
Minimum GPA of 3.5
Ability to travel to our River North office
