Our client is currently looking for an Business Financial Analyst to join their Team. This position will play an integral role in facilitating successful system implementations, and the development and standardization of dashboards/scorecards for reporting & analysis to keep a pulse on the business’s performance. The Analyst acts as the liaison between business units and IT departments; completes business cases in support of projects; participates in or facilitates business process modeling and research efforts; and acts as a consultant and reviews all documents on project teams. This position will require a broad skill set across business, management, and IT.

Responsibilities
Act as a liaison between IT and business units by:
Opening and maintaining lines of communication to monitor and improve business unit satisfaction with IT
Providing a single point of contact for business units into IT and acts as a conduit between the two organizations
Making recommendations for product enhancements, and
Managing business unit expectations of IT.
Lead business process modeling sessions, acting as a documentarian, co-facilitator, facilitator or subject matter expert in sketch sessions.
Conduct preliminary investigation for all project requests. Review requirements, specifications, test, support and training plans to ensure they are in line with business objectives on projects.
Participate in business process management group efforts to collect and analyze metrics and continually improve processes owned by the group.
Participate in root cause analysis to recommend product enhancements or other appropriate actions to improve productivity for both the business units and IT.
Development and preparation of Company Scorecards and Dashboards to monitor and evaluate performance against targets using Business Intelligence software.
Development of new Policies & Procedures to standardize work across the organization.
Implementation of new technology solutions and integration with cross-functional teams to determine overall impact and rollout plans.
Ownership of project management from planning to proposal to execution to evaluation.
Assists Controller with month-end close including preparing and entering journal entries.
Preparation of weekly analytical reports including AR Aging, Sales Variances, and Cash.
Responsible for proposing credit limits, credit adjustments, and credit analysis.
Preparation of data and reports for Controller and other managers to perform analysis.
Education and Experience

B.S. Degree in business or computer science (or related field) required, with 5+ years of experience working in related field / position.
Id: EB-1051089179
