Reporting to the Director of Strategic Planning and Business Development, the Strategic Planning and Business Development Analyst, will work as part of a cross-functional team (including Planning/Business Intelligence and Strategic Business Development) to assist in strategic planning support efforts. This includes the development of service line and program strategic plans, including development and expansion of enterprise's regional strategy and ambulatory expansion. The role will perform data analysis, interpretation of the analysis' results, and author related reports. The analyst will be utilize a variety of data sources (including Crimson Market Advantage, Sg2 and Qlik OSHPD applications) and analysis techniques to support business practices and evaluate potential strategic planning / growth opportunities. Individual will work with management to obtain and identify analytical requirements, plus compile and analyze data obtained from numerous information systems and employs the judgment necessary to determine the accuracy and applicability of the conclusions. Provides recommendations and conclusions gained from analyzing data using statistical methods and tools. Researches best practices, develops targets/goals for business endeavors, and provides metrics to management and executive leadership. Develops a variety of reporting tools for distribution. Ensures data accuracy. Provides input into decisions affecting business operations and strategic initiatives'.

Minimum Education: Masters preferred.

Bachelor's degree required. Must be in related healthcare field such as such as Accounting, Business, or Healthcare Administration/Public Health, or from a field that promotes research, critical thinking, and analysis, such as History, Psychology, or similar liberal arts areas.

Minimum Experience/Knowledge: • Minimum of 2 years business, healthcare, and/or data analyst experience
Experience in healthcare environment is preferred
Strong analytical thinking and problem solving skills
Advanced experience with Microsoft Office suite & web browser applications
Experience with key software and data tools including Maptitude, Qlik, Tableau, Sg2, and Crimson Market Advantage a plus
Team player with history of collaboration, who has the ability to work independently
Strong understanding of databases, spreadsheets, data visualization
Knowledge of business statistics and data analyses techniques
Ability communicate clearly and effectively
Ability to manage and analyze data
Willingness to ask questions if direction is unclear
Required License/Certification:

Fire and Safety Certification. If no card upon hire, one must be obtained within 30 days of hire, and maintained by renewal before expiration date.

USC is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law or USC policy. USC will consider for employment all qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring ordinance. We provide reasonable accommodations to applicants and employees with disabilities. Applicants with questions about access or requiring a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process should contact USC Human Resources by phone at (213) 821-8100, or by email at uschr@usc.edu. Inquiries will be treated as confidential to the extent permitted by law.

Read USC's Clery Act Annual Security Report

Required Legal Notices

Certain positions are subject to background screening

If you are a current USC employee, please apply to this USC job posting in Workday by copying and pasting this link into your browser:

https://wd5.myworkday.com/usc/d/inst/1$9925/9925$42634.htmld
