Title: Senior Business Analyst - Business Relationship Management
Location: Culver City, CA
Duration: 3-6 Months Contract (might go PERM eventually)
Client is looking for a Senior Business Analyst to join IT team supporting Content Mastering and Delivery Group.
This position requires a combination of strong technical background and business acumen to effectively manage relationships between Business and IT, as well as support day-to-day operations and delivery of IT services.
The Senior BA role serves as conduit to business users with primary goal of understanding business processes, workflows and information requirements of users.
The role is also expected to interact with stakeholders from various business units, including CMDG, Finance, Information Security and Procurement in support of current and future applications.
The Senior Business Analyst will perform requirements analysis, create functional design specifications, document workflows and ensure testing for enhancements and projects are completed successfully.
The candidate will also manage support requests, incidents and outages for their applications to avoid interruptions of day-to-day business operations and processes.
The Senior Business Analyst should have experience specifically working with cross-functional teams using the Agile project management methodology.
The candidate must be hands on and detailed-oriented.
Strong communication and listening skills are essential as well as ability to communicate and interact with all levels of business users globally.
Candidates must be self-starters with ability to multi-task effectively.
The ideal candidate should have several years of experience performing similar a role.
Some technical development skills would also be beneficial but not required.
The Senior Business Analyst should have the ability to assist in driving projects and be hands-on in all aspects of system development lifecycle including project planning/scoping, requirements gathering, system design and system testing.
The ideal candidate must also have a proven track record of supporting multiple business units utilizing one application for various and disparate business processes.
Job Requirements:
Collect, review, analyze, prioritize, and manage system and user requirements from key stakeholders across disparate locations and time-zones.
Ensure that all demand enters the IT pipeline appropriately.
Create detailed proposals, business functional & data requirements, process flows, use cases, and test scenarios.
Obtain functional design specification approvals.
Work with the business & technical teams to clarify functional requirements.
Serve as a liaison to other teams in planning, coordination, development and deployment of multi-team enhancements or projects.
Leverage client's IT organization, infrastructure and technology capabilities to help deliver maximum business value.
Ensure delivered projects and enhancements meet the requirements defined by the business customer.
Create test scripts to test new enhancements and functionality, as needed.
Define training needs and make sure that they are met for new or existing functionality.
Create user guides and training documentation, as appropriate.
Manage UAT process by performing smoke testing, test case validation, and obtaining business approvals on UAT for scheduled deployments.
Demonstrate functionality and coordinate UAT sessions with SMEs when appropriate.
Ensure that clients global information security policies and other company controls are observed and applied to all applications in the portfolio.
Respond quickly to vulnerability tests and internal and external audits.
Manage incidents on a daily basis and follow up on critical issues.
Establish and maintain clear escalation procedures so that problems and issues encountered are addressed in a timely manner.
Facilitate resolution of any issues which might arise.
Provide VIP support in conjunction with and on behalf of the Global Service (Help) Desk.
Seek opportunities to drive efficiency within team including optimizing internal procedures, workflows and/or streamlining communication/hand offs between team members
Operate with trust, integrity and compassion for others
Have courage to ask difficult questions, provide/receive constructive feedback in spirit of continuous improvement
Experience Required:
Minimum 5 years of experience in IT or related technical professions
Preferred Skills:
Previous Entertainment Industry work experience
Familiarity of the Agile methodology
Ability to facilitate business requirements and design review sessions with customers
Strong communication skills: verbal, written, listening and presentation
Strong organizational and workload prioritization skills
Strong program or project management experience
Strong interpersonal, negotiation and relationship management skills
Strong critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving skills
Strong process flow and diagramming skills (Visio application)
Knowledge of JIRA and ServiceNow
Ability to build basic queries/reports to support business requirements gathering
Education:
Bachelor's degree or related professional experience required
Computer Science or related Information Technology degree preferred
