Established in 1997, L.A. Care Health Plan is an independent public agency created by the state of California to provide health coverage to low-income Los Angeles County residents. We are the nation’s largest publicly operated health plan. Serving more than 2 million members in six health plans, we make sure our members get the right care at the right place at the right time.

Job Summary
The Enterprise Portfolio Management Office (ePMO) is accountable for oversight and execution of strategic initiatives approved and budgeted by L.A. Care Leadership and the Board of Governors. These programs and projects span multiple functions and departments, and are enterprise investments in infrastructure and process excellence. The portfolio, program, and project management resources within the ePMO are uniquely positioned to support business units in the planning and delivery of large-scale programs and projects.
The Portfolio Management team within ePMO is responsible for portfolio-level planning, budget development and management, change management, and governance. The team maintains productive relationships with business area leaders and architecture teams to inventory project needs; plan the inclusion of initiatives on the roadmap based on enterprise need, return on investment (ROI), and resource availability; forecast and manage budget and spending; and facilitate the movement of projects through governed stage gates.
The Portfolio Analyst III is responsible for data management and analysis that supports team decision-making. By producing cost-benefit and other impact analyses, and monitoring and forecasting resource availability, the Portfolio Analyst III helps ensure optimal inclusion, sequencing, and prioritization of initiatives on the enterprise roadmap.
The Portfolio Analyst III is additionally responsible for advancing the core capabilities of the team by operationalizing ROI and cost-benefit analysis, benefit realization, resource supply & demand forecasting, and other methods. In collaboration with I.T., architecture, and ePMO partners, the Portfolio Analyst III ensures adoption of best practices in portfolio analysis and management, including those adapted from I.T. specialties.
Duties
Portfolio data management and analysis: The Portfolio Analyst manages portfolio data and conducts analyses in support of Portfolio Planners, who are responsible for development and maintenance of the enterprise roadmap. The Portfolio Analyst assesses and recommends options for the placement of initiatives on the enterprise roadmap based on priority, business benefit, budget utilization, and forecasted resource availability.
Methodology development: The Portfolio Analyst is responsible for introducing, operationalizing, and utilizing analytic techniques within the Portfolio Management team. This includes ROI, cost-benefit analysis, benefit realization, resource allocation and forecasting, and budget reporting.
Tools and process development: The Portfolio Analyst is the team’s liaison with the ePMO Shared Services team, which builds and maintains portfolio-related data systems, tools, and templates. The Portfolio Analyst provides requirements to Shared Services to ensure that databases, PPM tools, and reporting dashboards enable the practices of the Portfolio Management team, and mirror improvements in the team’s methods.
Governance support: The Portfolio Analyst collaborates with Portfolio Planners to support the informed decision-making by governance bodies. This includes production of reports and summaries informing organizational leaders of choices for roadmap investments based on forecasted resource demand and capacity, budget utilization, and business benefits.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Education Required
Bachelor's Degree
In lieu of degree, equivalent education and/or experience may be considered.
Education Preferred
Master's Degree
Experience
Required:
Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in portfolio analysis or planning; cost-benefit or return on investment (ROI) analysis; enterprise resource management; business or systems analysis; project or program management; program evaluation and analytics; or similar, relevant professional experience.
Experience using or administering enterprise PPM tools, including MS Project, MS Project Server, Jira, Plan View, or comparable systems.
Familiarity and experience with the tools and techniques of project management, including Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Experience with budgeting, budget management, and/or financial analysis.
Preferred:
Professional experience with a large healthcare system, integrated delivery system, managed care organization, public health organization, or medical center is preferred.
Skills
Required:
Strong data management, data reporting, and analytic skills.
Critical thinker with the ability to solicit information, organize and evaluate information from disparate sources, and construct prioritized plans of action.
Self-motivated, proactive, and versatile team member; strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work in a collaborative fast-paced environment.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office (including Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Visio, and SharePoint).
Licenses/Certifications Required
Licenses/Certifications Preferred
Required Training
Additional Information

See Job Description

L.A. Care offers a wide range of benefits including
Paid Time Off (PTO)
Tuition Reimbursement
Retirement Plans
Medical, Dental and Vision
Wellness Program
Volunteer Time Off (VTO)
