LaSalle Investment Management is seeking a Financial Analyst to join its Asset Management team in its’ Chicago or Baltimore office. Asset Analysts primarily focus on property level analysis for the firms direct real estate investments and provide assistance to the team in monitoring and improving the performance of commercial real estate investments.

Asset Analyst Accountabilities:
Conduct financial analyses including cash flow projections and Argus Enterprise valuation models
Evaluate property-level investment performance
Assist property managers in development of annual operating budgets and quarterly reforecasts
Gather and evaluate economic and market data
Assist with client reporting and presentation preparation
Analyze potential leases and their financial impact on an investment
Evaluate lease language and understanding of impact to value of real estate
Coordinate property appraisals and internal valuations utilizing Argus valuation models
Provide analytical support to colleagues in the areas of fund operations and asset management
Assist asset managers in the disposition process
Perform detailed quarterly financial statement analysis, review of rent rolls, current and future cash flow and forecasting of both present value and cash flows through Argus
Oversee compliance of ground leases and mortgages
Qualifications, Skills & Experience:
BA/BS degree in real estate, finance, accounting, or economics or related field with strong record of academic achievement
1 – 2 years of relevant experience
Highly skilled in modeling investments in Excel; Argus Enterprise experience is preferred
Knowledge of DCF, NPV and cash flow models
Strong financial and analytical ability with solid organizational skills and ability to multi-task
Highly-developed verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Proactive thinking with detail-oriented and creative problem solving approach
Candidate must be authorized to work in the United States for a minimum of 5 years
Related work experience preferred
JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a full copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Pursuant to Illinois Law, applicants are not obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest.

Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
