The Revenue Analyst will support the Firmwide Senior Manager of Credit & Collections with the monitoring, management, and reporting of items that impact the Firm’s revenue cycle. This includes the following: Accounts Receivable and Unbilled Time backlog, Missing Time, Unassigned Time, ebilling Reductions, and Unallocated/Unapplied funds. The Revenue Analyst will interface with firm management, support staff, and timekeepers to gather information regarding items that impact the revenue cycle in order to identify those items that are “at risk”. The Revenue Analyst will be expected to recognize when “at risk” warning signs exist and to alert firm management timely so that appropriate action is taken to mitigate the risk. The Revenue Analyst will also work closely with the Firmwide Senior Manager of Credit & Collections in assessing current processes and systems for managing and reporting on the revenue cycle and develop solutions and improvements, as necessary.

Work with Accounting and Billing Managers, Partners and firm management regarding the status of time accrued on open matters. Use judgment in evaluating and analyzing the backlog balances and when providing the status updates.
Develop and maintain reports that provide timely and effective information regarding the status and details of the Firm’s backlog. Update as necessary to allow management to make business decisions.
Conduct root cause analyses of adjustments to time accrued on matters and identify opportunities for process improvements that could prevent similar issues in the future.
Leverage credit risk scoring tools, historical realization performances, fee structures, billing frequency requirements, and other criteria to help in assessing the collectability of the backlog.
Work with others to develop strategies around how to most effectively and efficiently manage the Firm’s backlog.
Evaluate potential client cost advances, unfinalized invoices, unallocated cash, and unapplied interim balances and recommend proposed course of actions to alleviate.
Review, report on, and follow-up on Unassigned Time balances to ensure balances are timely transferred to the appropriate client matter for billing to the client.
Review, report on, and follow-up on Missing Time balances to ensure time is recorded timely and accurately.
Evaluate reductions on client invoices and strategize with our attorneys and other Accounting support teams to determine how to maximize the Firm’s recovery of the reductions.
Provide excellent customer service to our attorneys, clients, and other Firm personnel.
Performs other duties, as assigned or as judgment or necessity dictates.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each Essential Duty and Responsibility (the “Essential Duties”) satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the minimum knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the Essential Duties. If you need such an accommodation, please email staffrecruiting@sidley.com (current employees should contact Human Resources).
Education and/or Experience:
Required:
Bachelor’s degree (preferably in Business, Accounting, or Finance) or equivalent work experience
A minimum of 3 years of experience with financial and/or operational analysis or related area
Experience in defining processes, conducting root cause analysis, and delivering process improvements
Proficiency with Microsoft Office including advanced Excel functions
Preferred:
Previous experience working in a professional services firm
Experience with Elite Enterprise
Other Skills and Abilities:
The following will also be required of the successful candidate:
Outstanding oral and written communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Strong attention to detail
Good judgment
Strong interpersonal communication skills
Strong analytical and problem solving skills
Able to work harmoniously and effectively with others
A self-starter who desires to show ownership and commitment to the job
Able to preserve confidentiality and exercise discretion
Sidley Austin LLP is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
