LIFE AT IMC AS GLOBAL MACRO NEWS ANALYST

WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE DO

IMC is a leading global market maker, using algorithmic trading and advanced technology to buy and sell securities on multiple trading venues worldwide. We provide liquidity to the financial markets, driving efficiencies for buyers and sellers.

Founded in 1989, we are an ambitious, innovative company and identified early on the importance technology would play in the fast-paced evolution of trading. This entrepreneurial spirit still drives us today and can be found in all of our offices around the world.

OUR TEAM

We now operate globally from offices in Europe, the US and Asia Pacific. Our employees work closely together in multidisciplinary teams, making our success possible.

Technology - At IMC, technology is not a department, it is at the heart of everything we do. Our technologists push the limits of possibility, and then look beyond. In our fast-paced environment, short feedback loops mean projects worked on in the morning can enter production the next day.

Trading – Although our traders come from many backgrounds they all have one thing in common: they are at their best solving complex problems. Their insight into global events, market shifts and pricing ensure we are trading in the right place, at the right time.

Business Support - Around the world, IMC’s business support teams are essential for sustaining our success. In our dynamic environment, we have many exciting challenges and multidisciplinary opportunities to shape our operations and make a real impact.

OUR CULTURE

Our employees are our greatest asset so we give them lots of responsibility and the support they need to make a difference. Our flat structure fosters a culture of openness and collaboration, encouraging the sharing of ideas and knowledge. It makes no difference if you have been with us for three days or three years, the best idea wins.

While we work hard, we also have a lot of fun; whether solving complex challenges or in team building, leisure and sporting activities. IMC also enables its employees to contribute towards a better society through our foundation.

Are you someone who is passionate about the macroeconomic environment? Do you enjoy the process of keeping up with news events, coming up with possible macro scenarios, and forecasting how indices and derivatives would react in those scenarios? Does your curiosity and desire to learn drive you?

If so, then consider IMC as a Macro News Analyst. Why? Because here your decisions have direct impact on the company’s trading profits and we’re a place where creativity, teamwork and innovation are recognized and rewarded. We’re seeking someone with a strong background in macro news analysis to work with our team in trading around news outcomes and possible macro scenarios. As a macro news analyst, your input will drive the positions we put on and the ways we manage risk around news events.

WHAT YOU'LL DO:
Keep up to date with macro events
Come up with a thesis on possible outcomes in future decision points for macro events, as well as how those outcomes would impact financial markets
Understand the possible risks and opportunities in each scenario
Collaborate cross-functionally with traders to game plan our trading around scenarios
WHO YOU ARE:
2+ years of experience as a macro news analyst
BS, MS or PhD in an analytical field of study
Experience with programming in MATLAB or Python is a plus
Ability to work successfully in a fast-moving and competitive environment
Desire to work in a team environment is a must
OUR HIRING PROCESS

To set you up for success, you can find our hiring process including tips on applying and interviewing with us on our website. Now it’s up to you! Apply today to start an amazing journey with IMC.
