IT Business Analyst
Corporate Headquarters
12575 Uline Drive, Pleasant Prairie, WI 53158
Uncover your full potential in a collaborative environment where you'll design, develop and deliver custom solutions to big challenges. And you'll be doing it for a proven industry leader that runs one of the largest e-commerce sites in the U.S.
Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace. All new hires must complete a pre-employment drug screening.

Position Responsibilities
Work closely with the business to understand problems and identify the work needed to implement future state solutions.
Document and analyze current state business processes and the underlying systems and applications.
Conduct meetings with stakeholders to gather user requirements.
Write user stories and lead backlog grooming/refinement sessions.
Analyze existing and new software solutions to find the most effective way to meet business needs.
Validate business, functional and technical requirements.
Create product/project backlogs consisting of Epics, Features, User Stories and Tasks.
Produce timely and high-quality work products, including specifications, process flows, mock-ups and wireframes.
Plan and execute System/Functional Testing and User Acceptance Testing.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree.
4+ years of experience in a Business Analyst or related role.
6+ years of overall IT experience with significant involvement in software development.
Significant experience with both traditional Waterfall SDLC and Agile/Lean methodologies.
Experience with Atlassian/Jira/Confluence and Microsoft TFS a plus.
Benefits
Complete insurance coverage that includes medical, dental, vision and life insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs.
401(k) with 5% employer match.
Paid holidays and generous paid time off.
Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing.
Scholarship program for children of employees.
Employee Perks
On-site café with executive chefs and seasonal dinner-to-go options.
First-class fitness center with complimentary personal trainers.
Over four miles of beautifully maintained walking trails.
Numerous employee appreciation events throughout the year.
Professional development classes and monthly in-house speakers.
About Uline

Uline is the leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials to businesses throughout North America. We're a family-owned company whose incredible service, huge inventory and quality products fuel our ongoing expansion and growth. We offer same-day shipping on over 37,500 products in our 812-page catalog and on our state-of-the-art e-commerce website.

Each resume submitted gets individually reviewed by our team and retained for 24 months in case a great opportunity opens for you to join our Uline family.

EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled

#LI-SR1
#CORP
