About Conduent

Conduent delivers mission-critical ?services and solutions on behalf of businesses and governments - creating exceptional outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. Through people, process and technology, Conduent solutions and services automate workflows, improve efficiencies, reduce costs and enable revenue growth. It's why most Fortune 100 companies and over 500 government entities depend on Conduent every day to manage their essential interactions and move their operations forward.

Conduent's differentiated services and solutions improve experiences for millions of people every day, including two-thirds of all insured patients in the U.S., 10 million employees who use its HR Services, and nearly nine million people who travel through toll systems daily. Conduent's solutions deliver exceptional outcomes for its clients including $16 billion in medical bill savings, up to 40% efficiency increase in HR operations, and up to 40% improvement in processing costs, while driving higher end-user satisfaction. Learn more at www.conduent.com.

Job Description

BenefitWallet is a leader in the health care spending account industry. We have a focus on Health Savings Accounts, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Health Reimbursement Arrangements, plus other related products.

We are hiring a key analyst position to support many aspects of the growth and ongoing business with our partners. The main functions of this role would be focused on, but not limited to:

+ Small Group Support

+ RFP Support

+ New business tracking

+ Analytic tracking

+ Reporting

+ Communication/Marketing Support

+ Internal issue resolution from client escalations

+ Documentation review/updates

+ Presentation decks

+ PM support of Health Plan projects

This position will touch many parts of our business, but will be key in supporting the ongoing business development needs and small group business.

Closing

Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the "Submit" button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form.
