Job Description


Do you want to make a significant impact? Do you want to actively engage the Operations client group and provide financial solutions? True Value has a need for Sr. Financial Analyst.

Revolutionize Wholesale and lead a high performing finance team. We are a dynamic team committed to driving True Value’s aggressive growth as the only nationally branded hardlines wholesaler that celebrates independent retailers.

Our culture:

• Embraces personal and professional development
• Values diverse perspectives
• Provides competitive compensation
• Committed to volunteerism and community outreach

Your Value = Our Value. True Value.

The Sr. Financial Analyst is responsible for compiling, analyzing, creating reports, and presenting financial information to the organization. Develops financial models for predicting Sales, Margin, and other performance metrics. Experience with Budgeting/Forecasting for all performance metrics is important to this role. Explains any variances to the annual plan and makes suggestions for go forward forecasting. Complete understanding of the True Value Line Review Process with the capability to analyze sales/margin impact for any pricing options. This includes domestic, direct import or drop ship opportunities. You will have the opportunity to attend planning/forecasting meetings bringing financial experience and suggestions for non-merchandising teams.

Position Description

Essential Duties and Responsibilities (in order of importance):
Assist in budgeting and forecasting requirements for Distribution, Transporation, eCommerce, SG&A, and Inventory
Review and analyze all capital requests, ensuring that the supporting documentation is included adn that business cases are appropriate. Track and control spend against budget. Prepare reporting and forecasts future spend. Coordinate
Supports annual planning process and implements continuous improvement of monthly forecasts. Proactively understands and communicates variance analysis against these budgets and forecasts, in writing and in presentation form to all levels of management. Provides monthly variance reports to business owners and finance team
Executes timely, relevant, and accurate value-added analysis and reporting, providing decision support for projects and initiatives.
Prepares and reviews monthly reporting packages including detailed financial analysis
Initiates and carries out special financial or planning projects of varying natures and complexity with limited supervision by clarifying objectives and assumptions or making appropriate judgments where necessary
Develops high quality Excel based financial sensitivity / scenario models
Position Qualifications

Work Experience:
Five to seven years of related experience required
Advanced Excel skills and proficient in PowerPoint. Also, must have the ability to manipulate large data sets into meaningful analysis
Ability to work with and communicate with all organization levels, including senior management; ability to present and explain financial information to non-finance professionals
High level of ownership of assigned tasks and independent initiative, where appropriate, to achieve exceptional results
Complex problem solving, analytical and financial modeling skills - ability to identify the root cause of issues, propose possible solutions or improvements and influence ultimate decision
Working knowledge of US GAAP is preferred
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Finance or equivalent work experience
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
