ResponsibilitiesPerforms and coordinates the analysis and design of business systems. Develops and maintains a thorough understanding of the needs of the assigned customer group from the business and technical perspective. Works closely with clients and with other system groups to capture business requirements and see them through implementation. Develops and executes systems testing. Acts as a liaison between the business user groups and the technical systems groups.
Extensive F&O industry knowledge (Ideally minimum 2 years experience)
Proven skills in delivering a professional face to our clients and taking ownership of issues through to closure* Detailed F&O exchange / product knowledge for global markets across all asset classes
Experience in handling a client base consisting of Banks, Hedge Funds, Pension Funds, Insurance Companies, Asset Managers, Commodity Trading Advisors, Corporates, Utility Companies, Oil Companies & Food Companies
.* Comprehensive understanding of physical delivery process for key Fixed Income, Currency, Equity & Commodity F&O products
Excellent interpersonal skills and be able to communicate across multiple aspects of the organization at various levels
Be a dynamic & proactive team player
Ability to identify process improvements that drive capacity, efficiency and control
Strong written and verbal communication skills* Ability to work accurately and effectively under pressure
Strong time management skills required to meet critical deadlines and prioritize* Strong PC & Industry application skills (e.g. GMI, Microsoft Office)
Qualifications
Microsoft Excel(pivot tables,Vlookups)
Bachelors degree in Related Study
2-4 years experience of financial related analytical experience
About Aston Carter:

Aston Carter is a distinguished global provider of recruitment and staffing services to companies requiring highly specialized business professionals. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aston Carter has an unrivaled commitment to delivering first class service to clients and business professionals across a variety of disciplines, including Accounting and Finance as well as Governance, Risk and Compliance. With more than 60 offices across Europe, Asia Pacific and North America, Aston Carter provides local, regional and global expertise to drive value and meet our customers' unique needs. Aston Carter is a division of Aerotek. Aerotek is an operating company of Allegis Group, a global talent solutions provider.

Job Requirements:
