PLEASE APPLY FOR JOB HERE. Applications through this page are not being monitored.About Us:Braintree lets you move money from one place to another safely and securely. Every time you pay for an Uber ride, book a stay through Airbnb, or pay with PayPal when you check out online, you're probably using our product. It sounds complex (and it is), but we make it so simple you can't tell we're there.We solve world-scale problems and provide opportunities to match. We build diverse teams that recognize our strengths and allow us to work on our weaknesses. You bring skills and a relentless focus on the customer, and we'll provide the support you need to do the best work of your life.Check us out: GitHub | Blog | Twitter | LinkedIn | Facebook | The Muse | GlassdoorJob DescriptionFueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal's 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.The Braintree Business Analyst is responsible for the execution and oversight of operational processes related to merchant funding and month end close processes. The Business Analyst will assist in managing the day-to-day operation and problem solving of the team, which includes performing merchant account pricing reviews, reconciling differences between internal and bank data, troubleshooting merchant disbursement questions, working to issue credits and debits, and investigating Braintree merchant funding losses. The Business Analyst will also assist in the monthly gateway billing and losses reporting processes, and test new product features. Lastly, the Analyst will be responsible for assisting the Accounting team with answering questions related to their month end close process.II. SPECIFIC DUTIES* Work cross functionally with FinOps, Sox, Compliance, and Product teams to constantly refine and optimize controls - including looking for ways to make them automated and preventative.* Assist in the management of day-to-day team operations and problem solving in the process of merchant funding. Implement bank account updates, pricing changes, risk hold removals and releases. Perform reconciliation analysis and research daily variances between bank data and internal data* Utilize internal pricing models to evaluate pricing changes for merchants. Analyze pricing structure, merchant processing history, and processor pricing policy. Make pricing recommendations to Account Manager and assist with ongoing merchant pricing discussions.* Provide support of the manual billing process for all gateway merchants. Ensure accurate calculations of merchants on tiered billing pricing structures, debit merchants accordingly and report gateway-only billing revenue to Finance.* Fund and report Braintree's merchant transaction losses. Work with Risk team and banking partners across US, EU, and APAC to reconcile, pay and report merchant funding losses on a monthly basis.* Perform Braintree merchant pricing audits on a weekly and monthly basis. Review merchant pricing across multiple banking platforms and with different structures. Compare pricing to signed merchant contracts, identify, and quantify discrepancies.* Partner with Braintree Risk and Account Management teams on the resolution of process flaws, system bugs or other operational issues adversely impacting merchant funding. Assist development with new product launches and market expansions that impact merchant funding processes.* Serve as the knowledge expert for all things related to Braintree merchant pricing. Answer questions from PayPal pricing committees, compliance, and management.* Assist Accounting team with managing and coordinating the month end close process. Support preparation of monthly reporting packages for department managers.* Engage with business partners to send wire and debit payments to merchants.* Work with a high degree of initiative to identify and recommend process improvement opportunities in the areas of pricing, accounting, reconciliation and reporting.III. REQUIRED PERFORMANCE* Perform at a Meets or Exceeds expectations level for all specific duties outlined above.* Demonstrate a solid understanding of Braintree's business products, transactions, systems and related merchant funding process flows. Understand the funding implications from the transaction level, to the reconciliation level and then up to the general ledger of various money movement accounts.* Demonstrate a high level of job discretion. Performance is evaluated against the ability to adhere to the PayPal values and behaviors including exercising good judgment, demonstrating a desire and ability to make good decisions, displaying a heightened level of accountability, demonstrating a sense of responsibility, confidentiality and professionalism.* Maintain the highest level of teamwork, by incorporating a positive attitude, being supportive in words and actions, embodying the core values of Braintree and PayPal and communicating appropriately with all levels both within the existing team & anyone outside the direct reporting structure.* Maintain a high level of commitment, which includes more than just performing accountabilities, as assigned. This includes requesting additional responsibilities, volunteering for special projects, identifying oneself as a go-to individual, displaying flexibility with change and a passion for the product and company.We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.R0056715
