Who We Are!

At Maven Wave, an Atos Company, we are relentless in hiring the industrys top talent. Each employee is hand-picked not only for their skills, but for their personality and broad expertise. We are looking for this rare combination of talent that sets us apart in the industry.

Maven Wave helps leading companies make the shift to digital and shorten the fuse to innovation. We combine the expertise of top-tier consulting with the agility of a cutting-edge technology firm. This multidisciplinary blend of skills allows us to create unique digital advantages for our clients. Maven Waves digital solutions are agile, mobile, rooted in analytics, and built in the cloud.

Maven Wave, Google, and YOU: help us provide core consulting skills, project management aptitude, functional knowledge, and technical experience to our clients and project teams!

We are looking for an experienced Management Consultant who can interface with clients as well as internal and external project teams in order to manage and execute high quality deliverables on time and on-budget.

Your Life As a Maven:
Focus on strategic client engagements and pursuits.
Meet with management or appropriate staff to understand their requirements.
Ability to critically think through storyboards, work with SME's to develop thought leadership content in both domain and capability.
Assist in drafting proposals and statements of work (SOWs) for sales pursuits.
Manage multiple workstreams to ensure high-quality, on-time client deliverables.
Your Expertise:
Innate problem solving skills.
Experience managing implementation projects, leading project work-streams, or conducting business analysis in a technology environment.
Experience working across multiple industries or functional areas.
Demonstrated ability to proactively develop core skills independently, demonstrate good executive presence, and collaborate closely in a professional environment.
4+ years of previous consulting experience required.
Must have a Bachelors degree in related field.
Your X-Factor:
Aptitude - You have an innate capacity to transition from project to project without skipping a beat.
Communication - You have excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordination across projects and teams.
Impact - You are a critical thinker with an emphasis on creativity and innovation.
Passion - You have the drive to succeed paired with a continuous hunger to learn.
Leadership - You are trusted, empathetic, accountable, and empower others around you.
Why Were Proud To Be Mavens!
Google Cloud North America Services Partner of the Year 2019, 2018, 2017
#21 Best Workplaces in Chicago, FORTUNE
Great Place To Work Certification, Great Place to Work
Fast Fifty, Crain's Chicago Business
101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, National Association for Business Resources (NABR)
Top Google Cloud Partner, Clutch
Fastest Growing Consulting Firms in North America (#11, #37), Consulting Magazine
Top IT Services Companies, Clutch
Google Global Rising Star Partner of the Year
Ready to Learn More?
Digital Transformation at Maven Wave
Check out the Management Consultant Team
See what Glassdoor has to say
Real Customer Stories
