Address:111 W Monroe - 115 S LaSalleJob Family Group:Commercial Sales & ServiceFacilitates the prompt and effective resolution of technical and production issues for clients in all segments. Uses independent judgment, analysis and initiative to resolve problems, makes recommendations, and deliver impromptu end-user operational assistance training when required. This work maintains communications with callers throughout the analysis and resolution process particularly in difficult customer situations, keeps them informed of status and escalates issues if deems necessary. This role will independently identify systemic issues (e.g. system outages, widespread processing errors) and take ownership of the end to end process to optimize the customer experience.* Responds to customer questions received via telephone calls, call backs, emails, and help desk requests.* Provides technical and production support for products and systems.* Conducts incident identification, recording, classification, initial support, investigation and diagnosis, resolution and recovery, incident closure, ownership, tracking, monitoring and communication, to ensure service levels are maintained.* Creates and sustains consistent superior service to customers/clients and prospects.* Assists customers in trouble shooting and resolving issues during deployment and ongoing use of products and services.* Effectively analyses and diagnoses complex problems with a high level of accuracy and exceptional client service.* Fosters trust and confidence by taking ownership of support issues, provides friendly and accurate resolutions.* Escalates issues that are beyond the level of expertise through the appropriate channels.* Maintains current knowledge and understanding of products, services, processes and relevant legal, regulatory and technology requirements.* Monitors completion of all internal and external operational effectiveness/compliance requirements to manage risk within acceptable limits.* Breaks down strategic problems, and analyses data and information to provide insights and recommendations.* Executes work to deliver timely, accurate, and efficient service.* Completes complex & diverse tasks within given rules/limits and may include handling escalations from other employees.* Analyzes issues and determines next steps.* Broader work or accountabilities may be assigned as needed.Qualifications:* Typically between 2 - 3 years of relevant experience and post-secondary degree in related field of study desirable or an equivalent combination of education and experience.* Specialized knowledge.* Verbal & written communication skills - Good.* Organization skillls - Good.* Collaboration & team skills - Good.* Analytical and problem solving skills - Good.We're here to helpAt BMO Harris Bank we are driven by a shared Purpose: Boldly Grow the Good in business and life. It calls on us to create lasting, positive change for our customers, our communities and our people. By working together, innovating and pushing boundaries, we transform lives and businesses, and power economic growth around the world.As a member of the BMO Harris Bank team you are valued, respected and heard, and you have more ways to grow and make an impact. We strive to help you make an impact from day one - for yourself and our customers. We'll support you with the tools and resources you need to reach new milestones, as you help our customers reach theirs. From in-depth training and coaching, to manager support and network-building opportunities, we'll help you gain valuable experience, and broaden your skillset.To find out more visit us at https://bmoharriscareers.com.BMO Harris Bank is committed to an inclusive, equitable and accessible workplace. By learning from each other's differences, we gain strength through our people and our perspectives. BMO Harris Bank N.A. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. To request accommodation, please contact your recruiter.
