Headquartered in Brisbane, Calif., CareDx, Inc. is a leading precision medicine solutions company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of clinically differentiated, high-value healthcare solutions for transplant patients and caregivers. CareDx offers products, testing services and digital healthcare solutions along the pre- and post-transplant patient journey, and is the leading provider of genomics-based information for transplant patients.

Data Scientist-Machine Learning

As a member of Data Sciences & Bioinformatics group you will be responsible for development of new machine/deep learning algorithms. The richness of a transplant data-lake a repository of large and complex data will provide the opportunity for implementation of these models. Individuals should have excellent working skills in multiple programming languages (R, Python) with demonstrated application development using TensorFlow/PyTorch. Additionally, a significant understanding of probabilistic and dynamic modelling in solving computational biology problems is highly desirable. Your contributions will be foundational to the companys mission of improving the lives of organ transplant patients.

Responsibilities:

Design, implement and support analytical data pipelines driven by TensorFlow/PyTorch
Implement predictive, generalized linear model, Bayesian Machine Learning, neural network as needed
Have excellent collaboration skills and be able to work with Software engineers for development of Data Lake
Qualifications:

Ph.D in Physics, Computational Biology, Computer Science, Math or Experimental biology with demonstrated Applied Math
5+ years experience developing and deploying scalable ML models computational biology applications are particularly desirable
Experience using TensorFlow,PyTorch, Keras, NumPy, Scipy, MLib and knowledge of ML libraries and platforms
Professional level understanding of Docker, GitHub
Ability to program against REST APIs is preferred
Expertise and experience with Data Lakes data and knowledge of ETL in this regard is highly desirable
Experience with HDFS, Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, OpenCV, Amazon EC2 is highly desirable
A self-driven approach with an ability and desire to communicate to a non-technical audience how complex systems work and can be applied to challenging data processing problems
A solid scientific foundation and familiarity with current literature
Additional Details:


Every individual at CareDx has a direct impact on our collective mission to improve the lives of organ transplant patients worldwide. We believe in taking great care of our people, so they take even greater care of our patients.

Our competitive Total Rewards package includes:
Competitive base salary and incentive compensation
Health and welfare benefits including a gym reimbursement program
401(k) savings plan match
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Pre-tax commuter benefits
And more!
In addition, we have a Living Donor Employee Recovery Policy that allows up to 30 days of paid leave annually to a full-time employee who makes the selfless act of donating an organ or bone marrow.

With products that are making a difference in the lives of transplant patients today and a promising pipeline for the future, its an exciting time to be part of the CareDx team. Join us in partnering with transplant patients to transform our future together.

CareDx, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and participate in E-Verify program.
******* We do not accept resumes from headhunters, placement agencies, or other suppliers that have not signed a formal agreement with us.
