Â

Hello Associates,

*****Greetings from Conch Technologies*****

Â

Position:ÂBusiness Analyst

Location:ÂChicago, IL

Duration:ÂLong Term

Â

Job Description:
The position will support internal Agile teams in the capacity of Product Owner and vendor-led teams using the "waterfall" methodology.Â
The position will report directly to the Front Office Product Manager.
Within the Agile teams, position will be responsible for working with Front Office team members in analyzing and defining essential capabilities; developing accurate, thorough stories; capturing critical attributes and ensuring the team's understanding.Â
The position is highly analytic, continually assessing the minimum viable product, the technical design to achieve the end result as well as scanning the project for issues, escalating early and developing strategies for remediation.Â
The position will be responsible for creating all the required documentation and ensuring effective vetting and communication with partners and teams.Â
Position may support multiple teams concurrently.
In our highly dynamic and distributed environment, communication and conflict resolution skills are critical. Attention to detail, follow-through, the ability to self-manage and nurture teams is essential.
Qualification:
5+ years in global capital/securities markets with preference given to FX experience or other trading/sales functions.Â
Experience with business process design in these areas particularly.Â
5+ years as an Agile product manager or senior business analyst, particularly with demonstrated large scale conversion experience.
Demonstrated mature analytic abilities to continually assess the minimum viable product against critical attributes, identifying required decisions and assessing the technical design.
Delivers consistently on deadlines. Works with a sense of urgency, always looking to advance progress and follow-up on tasks.
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. Able to create artifacts that will support extensive audit and regulatory examination.
Able to manage ambiguity and conflict in a highly dynamic and decentralized environment. Enjoys coaching and supporting a work team through challenging circumstances.
Proficient in Version1, MS Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, Word). Experience with SharePoint, Visio.Â
Thanks and Regards,

Â

Nikhilesh

Recruiter, Conch Technologies Inc,

6750 Poplar Ave # 711, Memphis, TN.Â

Direct: 214 247 7116

Email:Ânikhilesh@conchtech.com
