If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
Company Overview


At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.


Department Overview
Motorola Solutions Inc

Job Description


Create, clarify and refine requirements and specifications. Suggest solutions to business partners and create and
capture detailed requirements as needed. Participate in integration and other design reviews together with User
Experience Teams and application architects/developers. Develop aspects of the Customer Acceptance testing
process associated to software development deployments. Review communication and deployment plans to
ensure flawless releases. Suggest creative integration and technology ideas, documented diligently in
requirements documentation and if required technical specifications. Partner and work closely with the business
and IT organization to implement best practices across projects.


Basic Requirements


Bachelor's and 5 years of experience
Degree Field: IT, Computer Engineering , Business, or related


Travel Requirements
Under 10%

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Experienced

Referral Payment Plan
No

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
