RiverPoint Group is looking for a strong Business Analyst for a long-term contract located in Rosemont, IL . Local candidates are only being considered at this time.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Work with the Business to define needs and teams to recommend solutions.
Collect and document business requirements from various business teams and provides written functional requirements for various technology teams.
Serve as the liaison between business teams and technology teams.
Work with stakeholders to understand business and technical requirements, building and managing the product backlog, and successfully leading agile projects through their respective life-cycles.
Manage and drive the requirements-gathering phase of technology projects.
Sometimes provide second-tier technology applications support and application reporting.
Work with the Business to identify requirements and think critically about what will make it successful; write user stories that effectively communicate the Business’ requirements and that are easily consumed by software development teams.
Attend and lead Business stakeholder meetings; provide project status reporting to management; assist with testing scenarios and validate results.
Create deliverables such as process flows, wireframes, mockups and functional prototypes to effectively communicate design strategies and detailed interaction behaviors.
Prepare and deliver client presentations.
Advocate on behalf of Business to IT, and advocate on behalf of IT to Business.
Become a Subject Matter Expert on a variety of packages and custom business applications including User Experience best practices.
Go beyond just reading and understanding information, to making sense of it, and finding patterns for improvement.
Support business applications. Troubleshoot and resolve applications issues.
QUALIFICATIONS:
7+ years of prior experience as a Business Analyst or other IT role, such as support or development.
BA / BS in IT, statistics, computer science, mathematics, information management, business or a related field or equivalent experience.
Strong investigative, analytical skills.
Interpersonal communication skills with the ability to work independently or as part of a team with both the Business and technology staff.
Skilled at defining and documenting business and functional requirements for ongoing system enhancement initiatives in agile software development environments.
Experience writing clear acceptance criteria to a testable level.
Experience leading or participating in all Agile meetings including: sprint planning, sprint grooming, review, demo, stand-up, and retrospective sessions.
Experience in all phases of product, software, and testing lifecycles.
Clear and concise verbal and written communication skills.
Curious, self-motivated, independent.
Microsoft Office experience: Word for documentation, Excel for data handling, Visio for process explanation, PowerPoint for presentation and Outlook for email.
Firm understanding of relational databases, database structures and design, and data management.
Beginner to moderate SQL knowledge.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
3+ years of experience on a business team interfacing with IT.
3+ years of experience in healthcare.
Ability to become a Subject Matter Expert on various healthcare, insurance, pension, and/or payroll technology systems.
Experience working on different project types, such as off-the-shelf, new development, enhancements projects.
General knowledge of databases, applications, system interfaces, and operating systems.
Experience creating reports for business users, especially via SSRS or similar tools.
Knowledgeable in SDLC, Agile and/or Waterfall methodologies.

#IND123
