"Business Analyst
UST Global® is looking for a Business Analyst to build end to end business solutions and to work with one of the leading healthcare providers in US. The ideal candidate must possess excellent background on Front end and backend development technologies. The candidate must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability and collaborate effectively with domain and technical experts in the team.

Responsibilities
.
1. Possess strong analytical and project management skills, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements*
2. Possess excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts* Proven success in the following job competencies:
3. Analysis and Reporting
4. Business Planning and Management
5. Communication and Presentation –
6. Customer Focus and Relationship Building
7. Information and Technology Proficiency
8.Leadership
8.Problem Solving and Decision Making
9.Technical Industry and/or Profession Expertise* BA degree business or related field preferred* Equivalent work experience (minimum of 5 years of experience in IT or healthcare related field as a business analysis and/or project management) * Ability to develop/maintain various analyses and reporting tools* Advanced skills in Microsoft Office applications, specifically Word, Excel and Outlook* Must have advanced SQL programming skills* Knowledge of e-mail/scheduling software applications nnJob Requirementsnbusiness analyst, ba, project manager, healthcare, crm, business systems analyst, infrastructure, requirements, bank, salesforce, peoplesoft, business analysis, sql, agile, sharepoint, sap, oracle, process,



Requirements

•Undergraduate degree or equivalent experience
•3+ years of experience leading software development projects
•Software integration experience
•Software delivery experience

Required Soft Skills:
1.Good analytical and problem-solving skills
2.Exceptional communication skills (written and verbal)
3.Good documentation skills
4.Proficiency in English language (as a medium of communication)
5.Frank and open communication with peers and higher-ups about realistic estimations and meeting timelines/expectations and proactive communication of issues and concerns thereof
6.Assertiveness in communicating ideas, estimates, scope and timelines


Location
This position is based in Chicago. UST will provide relocation assistance."
