Alexander Group: Decades of experience growing revenue for global companies


Alexander Group provides management consulting services to the world’s leading organizations. When clients need to grow revenue, they look to Alexander Group for data-driven insights, actionable recommendations, and most importantly, results.

Founded in 1985, we’ve served more than 3,000 companies around the world, across all industries. This experience gives us not only a highly sophisticated set of best practices to grow revenue — we also have a rich repository of industry data that informs all of our recommendations.

Our dedication to revenue growth and sales strategy has led to:
More than 70% of our clients being Fortune 500 corporations
Project work in more than 25 countries
Extensive industry experience in B2B markets
The Business Analyst works closely with an assigned Project Manager and becomes a fully integrated project team member in their first months of employment. The combination of on-the-job learning, classroom training and on-going coaching and mentoring enable Business Analysts to enjoy outstanding professional growth and career opportunities. The firm’s culture, built on teamwork and meritocracy, empowers our professionals to support each other in their career development.

The Business Analyst career track includes promotion to Associate Consultant to Management Consultant and beyond for individuals looking to develop a rewarding, long-term career in consulting with Alexander Group.

Responsibilities:
Create and use analytical models to simulate or forecast business problems and results
Conduct data analysis including basic statistical analysis
Participate in client interviews and related fact-finding initiatives
Apply logic and Alexander Group methodologies to provide recommendations to clients
Use and develop communication skills to communicate project findings, conclusions and recommendations with your peers and clients
Prepare initial drafts of high quality, error free deliverables
Participate in client meetings to review and present analytical approaches and interpret results
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree with solid academic achievement
Coursework in business administration, finance or economics is a strong plus
1+ years of relevant professional experience
Good business acumen and awareness of business trends
Moderate to advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills are required
Quantitative skills and general problem solving skills for business problems
Strong interpersonal and team working skills
Good communication skills (written and verbal)
Ability to learn quickly and resourcefully
High degree of motivation, flexibility and creativity
Genuine desire to work hard and progress rapidly in the consulting profession
Positive attitude and strong willingness to learn from mentors and peers
Ability to travel (sometimes on short notice)
EEO Employer. Desired Work Eligibility: Eligible to work in the U.S. with no restrictions. Pre-employment background check required.
