About Avionos

Avionos is the digital services and solutions firm that delivers innovative connected customer experiences. Pioneering some of the leading cloud technologies in content, commerce and CRM, Avionos delivers business outcomes and digital experiences for global clients using a Rapid Innovation approach. By rethinking the customer experience, Avionos has helped brands like Kellogg’s and Jones Lang LaSalle make a positive impact on brand and revenue growth.

The Role

As a Commerce Business Analyst at Avionos, you will be responsible for researching, analyzing and defining business and user needs: identifying options for improving business systems and processes and bridging the needs of the business and IT through the analysis and communication of requirements.

Responsibilities
Direct experience in the tactical operations of a Commerce website.
Ability to support functional discussions and scoping decisions based on best practices for implementing the commerce platform.
Experience eliciting high-level business requirements and creating detailed functional specs as well as other documentation like requirement traceability matrixes, work-flow diagrams and use-cases.
Experience with performing gap analysis outlining client gaps in technology, resources, and institutional knowledge necessary to deliver and execute a successful channel rollout.
Consulting experience with demonstrated track record of continuing responsibilities, creativity and innovation.
Serve as an integrator between business needs and technology solutions, helping to create technology solutions to meet client’s business needs.
Perform project tasks independently and may direct the efforts of others.
Facilitate client meetings and coordinate functional discovery with external and internal stakeholders
Build a clear requirements development strategy for each customer engagement
Translate business requirements into use cases, activity diagrams, and functional specifications
Resolve business problems with both technical and non-technical solutions
Responsible for identification and inventory of customer process pain points in best practices
Work closely with clients to understand, oversee, and guide the project to address long/short term needs
Collaborate with developers to support the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance
Desired Skill & Experience
5+ years of experience in business consulting and client services
Ability to analyze business requirements and define solutions to address complex business needs
Excellent communication, problem solving and analytical skills
Strong judgement, issues management, and problem analysis techniques
Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Demonstrated ability to balance priorities on simultaneous projects
Experience working in a globally distributed model preferred
Also desired, but not required:

Knowledge or experience using other Salesforce or Adobe solutions, such as:
Salesforce Sales Cloud
Salesforce Service Cloud
Adobe Experience Manager
Adobe Target
Adobe Campaign
Magento
Why Work for Avionos:

The people at Avionos love what we do. We are proud to deliver best-in-class ecommerce and integrated marketing capabilities for our clients. Their success means we’re successful and we take that to heart.

We’re founded and led by an executive team of experts in our field who value and enjoy teaching our employees how to see around corners, strategically guide our clients, and how to drive real business results. We collaborate and challenge each other to be the best we can be.

We’re one of Crain’s Chicago’s Best Places to work in 2018, Best Company Culture by Comparably, and a certified Great Place to Work. We have continuous training, mentorship, great benefits, and unlimited vacation. With each year, we continue to beat our goals. This year will be no different. Join us for this exciting ride!
