The Productive Edge Data, Automation and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Practice provides advanced technology solutions and strategies that propel our clients into the modern data age. Our PE teams turn the promise of AI and Machine Learning into practical solutions that empower differentiated customer experiences, predictive insights, and transformational business outcomes. Likewise, PEs Modern Data Management Framework and Agile-centric methodology enable us to achieve impactful results rapidly and efficiently.

The Technical Consultant - Modern Data Practice, as part of the Data, Automation and AI team, will be responsible for partnering with business stakeholders and Product Managers to understand, analyze, refine, prioritize and communicate business needs to ensure the engineering team understands scope, requirements, and objectives.

Additional Responsibilities:
Partner with project leadership to understand client business processes
Work with client and internal stakeholders to gather functional and technical requirements on current and future systems and processes
Serve as a subject matter expert in the customer's business process and be able to break down processes into manageable steps
Collaborate with customers and technical team to identify patterns, trends, and anomalies in the data
Provide technical analysis
Utilize Agile experience to drive projects and product decisions
Participate in collaboration sessions with customers to formulate creative and practical solutions to their challenges
Identify dependencies and remove impediments to ensure that deliverables are achieved on time and within budget
Interface and effectively communicate with both business and technical resources
To excel in these daily activities, the Technical Consultant at Productive Edge would possess the following experience and skills:
Experience delivering sophisticated technical solutions in a timely manner using Agile techniques
Ability to document system-level requirements like services, database models, integration points and server configurations
Ability to easily understand the business problem and serve as the SME for project sponsor needs
Knowledge of SQL and NoSql databases with diverse project experience.
Ability to perform data analysis and translate to requirements, including data mapping and gap analysis
Ability to cast the project vision, assembling and motivating a team to achieve it
Prior development or technical knowledge and skills (SOA, OOP, .NET / Java, SQL)
A natural leader who wants to grow their leadership and strategy skills
Excellent communication and presentation skills, working with both client and technical teams
Knowledge or experience with Machine Learning is a plus!
About Productive Edge

Productive Edge is a Chicago-based leader in digital transformation. As digital business consultants, we focus on digital strategy, customer experience, operations improvement, and product & services enablement. How do we do this? Through launching solutions for Data and Artificial Intelligence (AI), Intelligent Automation (IA), Internet of Things (IoT), and Cloud Native Solutions. Sounds fun, right? It gets better...and thats where you come in!

Productive Edge offers the dynamic opportunity to use your talents in a progressive, highly-collaborative environment that values innovation and creativity. We are a culture that stays on the cusp of todays developing and emerging technologies. Our passion, ingenuity, and dedication sets us apart from other consultants (as does our modern work atmosphere with fun outings, foosball, stocked fridge and other activities). Because we work with and develop solutions for some of the worlds most exciting brands, we are actively searching for individuals who are ready to change the way the world operates.

And if thats not enough, Productive Edge has been featured as one of Chicagos 101 Best and Brightest Companies to Work For, included in Crains Fast 50, and is a regular on Inc. 5000.
