Medix is currently seeking a Business Analyst for a 6 month contract-to-hire opportunity with one of our top healthcare clients, located in Chicago, IL.

ABOUT OUR CLIENT / ABOUT THIS POSITION

Our client is a healthcare provider with offices that span in downtown Chicago and the surrounding area. They are looking for a professional Business Analyst with excellent communication skills and at least 3-5 years of relevant experience.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Work with key stakeholders to capture business requirements.
Document functional and technical business requirements to ensure efficiency and consistency.
Provide consultative assistance with business users and stakeholders to streamline processes by analyzing and determining problem/opportunity/solution resolution.
Develop and implement process flowcharts for IT developers to follow.
Effectively communicate with clients and stakeholders using data process models to validate requirements.
Oversee test implementation to validate performance and ensure all business requirements and their integrity are maintained.
Address all issues and questions related to the functionality of the process system.
Utilize effective time management skills to ensure all projects and deliverables are being met while working both independently and collaboratively within a team.
REQUIRED SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree required from an accredited institution.
3-5+ years experience in all phases of the software development life cycle.
Minimum 3 years as a Business Analyst.
Exceptional communication skills.
Microsoft Visio for process/workflow charting and diagrams (similar software experience will be considered).
Requirements documentation- BA artifacts.
Healthcare industry experience is highly preferred.
Experience working efficiently with Agile Methodology.
Knowledgeable about the software development life cycle.
Work Location: Chicago, IL

Duration: 6 months

Position Type: Contract To Hire

Compensation Range: $80,000-$90,000

Benefits: As a W2 employee of Medix, you will have the eligibility to participate in our talent benefits program, which includes Major Medical PPO Insurance, Dental/Vision insurance, Life & Disability Insurance, accrued paid time off and a 401K retirement plan with Medix matching.
