The Business Analyst is responsible for a full range of activities which ensure the operational effectiveness and excellence of Illinois Action for Children (IAFC). Designs and documents workflows and makes appropriate recommendations that will positively impact operational efficiencies. Tracks and analyzes program and departmental trends and makes appropriate recommendations that will positively impact the unit. Works closely with agency departments to develop and oversee systems for data collection, analysis, and communication of program/departmental performance indicators. Project manages and leads a number of key projects for the Quality Improvement department and the organization. All work to be completed with minimum supervision and in accordance with organizational standards.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Works directly with the Director of Strategy Management, Program Integrity/Quality Assurance Manager , QA teams, and other appropriate IAFC staff to understand project concepts, objectives and approach.
Defines project scope and objectives and assesses the operational impacts, workflow, training, etc. of a project along with the Director of Strategy Management.
Takes assigned projects from original concept through final implementation.
Creates and maintains project schedules by developing project plans and specifications, estimating time requirements, establishing deadlines, monitoring milestone completion, tracking all phases of the project product/service lifecycle, providing timely reporting of issues that impact project progress, coordinating actions, and resolving conflicts. This includes documenting, prioritizing and tracking requests (changes, enhancements, etc.). Coordinates with Strategy to ensure that project management is aligned with best practices and strategic goals.
Identifies and coordinates communication and assignments among IAFC staff to meet the project requirements.
Analyzes the programs/departments activities and trends and compares analyses against the service standards and best practices. Presents findings and works with the appropriate staff to identify and implement strategies that will address tactical and strategic goals.
Reviews, analyzes, and creates detailed documentation of business process improvement and reporting and user needs, including workflow, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify improvement programs.
Works with IT and business units to ensure that business requirements are adequately reflected in existing and new software applications. Develops use cases to test changes and new implementations, to ensure they align with business processes.
Assists with the development of training and process improvement requirements of the program/department. Presents findings and works with IAFC staff to design and implement training and development initiatives that will continuously upgrade the skills and capabilities for IAFC staff.
Other Functions: The organization may assign other functions to the job at its discretion.
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:

Bachelors degree required. Fifth year college or university program certificate preferred; two to four years related experience and/or training.

Salary: $53,900/yr Location: 4753 N Broadway, Chicago, IL

IL Action for Children is EEO/M/F/V/D employer.
