Title: Business AnalystLocation: Chicago, IL

Duration: 9 Months (Possible for Extension)

Job Description:

Need Strong IS Business analysts with experience IS request gathering experience, Agile experience, Telecom would be a major plus.

The TSA is responsible for leading significant business and systems analysis efforts and improving the overall impact of system requirements in support of critical enterprise projects and programs. Responsible for working with key IT stakeholders and business owners to analyze and assist with solutions, business needs and document/manage requirements for large, complex, enterprise projects or programs. Serve as a requirements liaison between technology and business leaders to support the delivery of business and technology capabilities throughout the project lifecycle.

Job Requirements:

• Section II. Essential Duties and Key Responsibilities Responsible for elicitation, analysis and documentation of all technical requirements for any new/or changes to technology applications, including internal and external development requirements and analysis of impacts to proposed technology solutions on existing and new technology platforms. Responsible for enterprise program requirements, using appropriate facilitation techniques, including interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, task and workflow analysis. Provide oversight and review of functional design documents, impact assessments and test deliverables to ensure that they meet the requirements. Provide oversight of the requirements traceability process from requirements through to testing with appropriate gap analysis to ensure requirements meet the needs of the business through the delivery lifecycle. Lead and provide oversight of cross-functional system or enterprise process initiatives. Provide estimates to project team for team effort, identify and communicate risks to delivering solution on time and provide input to resource needs at the project- or program-level to identify key / required skills Section III. Experience and Educational Requirements Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent experience is required. Masters degree a plus. 4 years experience in Enterprise Product Catalog (EPC) and/or billing system in a Telecommunication environment preferred. International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA) Business Analyst certification a plus. Strong analysis, verbal and written communication skills is required. Must be able to communicate effectively and confidently with business and technology stakeholders, team members and management. Process-driven analysis skills and a background in various requirements elicitation methods are required. Proficiency with requirements based on an Agile project delivery methodology is required. CIM and RIM knowledge is a plus JIRA/Confluence/QC experience is a plus Experience with wireless or telecom industry is highly desirable. Project leadership experience preferred.
