The Group:

Morningstar’s Business Development and Sales group is responsible for helping our advisor and institutional clients build their businesses and provide better outcomes for investors. The group is structured primarily along the following client segments: advisors, asset management, institutional consultants, academics, pensions and hedge funds.

The Role:
As a Sales Operations Analyst, you will assist with increasing the effectiveness and efficiency of Morningstar’s award-winning Renewal Team. The Renewal Team is responsible for helping our Global Sales Teams grow their book of business through removing work for Sales, technology innovation and operational efficiency. You will be responsible for executing administrative processing duties for Salespeople, familiarizing yourself with technology-leveraged methods of analysis, and executing that analysis. You will gain a deep understanding of the systems and processes that brings Revenue to Morningstar. This position is based in our Chicago office.

You will have two main responsibilities.

The first responsibility focuses on time spent in service to Sales:
Participate in the Salesforce Approval Workflow in the Submission to Gatekeeper role
Participate in the processing of Advisor Workstation Opportunities on the Salesforce Platform
Participate in the Salesforce Approval Workflow in the Gatekeeper role
The second responsibility focuses on familiarizing yourself with methods and technology that allows the team to scale and innovate. An interest in learning Quality Management, Excel Macros, and Salesforce.com is a must. Experience in these areas is a plus.

Requirements:
Ready to become an expert of your domain, willing to follow guidelines, connecting with others, and facilitating connections.
Minimum of 1 year of data analysis experience, preferably in the financial services industry.
Demonstrated ability to work systematically and analytically using software, data, and metrics.
Proficient in Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Salesforce.com.
Excellent time-management, organizational, and analytical skills.
A bachelor’s degree is required.
001_MstarInc Morningstar Inc. Legal Entity
