Business Analyst – JLL Technologies

About JLL Technologies –

JLL is a leading professional services firm that specializes in real estate and investment management. Our vision is to reimagine the world of real estate, creating rewarding opportunities and amazing spaces where people can achieve their ambitions. In doing so, we will build a better tomorrow for our clients, our people and our communities.

JLL Technologies is a specialized group within JLL. At JLL Technologies, our mission is to bring technology innovation to commercial real estate. We deliver unparalleled digital advisory, implementation, and services solutions to organizations globally. Our goal is to leverage technology to increase the value and liquidity of the world's buildings, while enhancing the productivity and the happiness of those that occupy them.

What this job involves

The Business Analyst will be part of the Azara Product Management team, working to develop and deliver against a product roadmap for the AZARA product. This position requires a high degree of collaborative and technical skills. The Business Analyst (BA) will work with business users across JLL and Product Engineering teams within the JLL Technology organization to understand business needs and translate those into development requirements. The role requires a high energy, intellectually curious, detail oriented professional with excellent time management, research, content management, analytical, problem¬-solving, project management, organizational, collaboration and technology skills. The role also requires a variety of technical and business skills.
Participate in product roadmap discussions with the Azara Product Management team to identify and create requirements for priorities
Participate in product roadmap discussions for JLL products and provide input and support for planned product features
Participate in user-facing discussions to understand and prioritize product feature needs
Work closely with Subject Matter Experts and internal contacts to define detailed reporting and
analytics requirements
Work closely with active product users to identify and understand needs and opportunities to modify or change existing content – changes to visualizations, new features, metric improvements
Work with Engineering to identify and test source data
Work with Engineering to develop, test and deliver reporting and analytics content
Sound like the job you’re looking for? Before you apply it’s also worth knowing what we’re looking for:
Form partnerships with identified contacts and subject matter experts
Work with partners to understand and document reporting and analytics needs
Create detailed requirements
Design or iterate through design process of early stage mockups of solutions to meet requirements
Investigate existing data sources to clearly define metrics and calculations
Prototype new components, reports and features as necessary
Collaborate with partners to finalize new components for inclusion in the Azara product
Identify and specify product feature requirements, documenting details of needs for development by Engineering team
Create or manage creation of user documentation for new components
EXPERIENCE & SKILLS
3+ years’ experience in corporate real estate or related fields
3+ years’ experience in IT or technology fields
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business, Information Technology or related field required. MBA or Master's degree in related field preferred.
Strong understanding of data warehousing, cloud computing, data architecture
Skill and experience managing change management projects/programs
Experienced in data management, data analysis and data integration
Excellent people skills and ability to interact with a wide range of client staff and demands
What you can expect from us

We succeed together—across the desk and around the globe and believe the best inspire the best, so we invest in supporting each other, learning together and celebrating our success.

Our Total Rewards program reflects our commitment to helping you achieve your career ambitions, recognizing your contributions, investing in your well-being and providing competitive benefits and pay.

With us, you’ll develop your strengths and enjoy a career full of varied experiences. We can’t wait to see where your ambitions take you at JLL

Apply today!

JLL Privacy Notice

Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely.

For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement.

California Residents only

If you are a California resident as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) please view our Supplemental Privacy Statementwhich describes your rights and disclosures about your personal information. If you are viewing this on a mobile device you may want to view the CCPA version on a larger device.

For additional details please see our career site pages for each country.

For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here.

Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process – you may email us at Accommodation.Reques@am.jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
