RGP is a global consulting firm helping some of the most recognized companies in the world work differently. Our success comes from a shared belief in rolling up our sleeves and doing the hard work of solving complex challenges, executing plans and implementing technology to help transform organizations.

Working as a consultant you will be connected to work that matters, putting your expertise to its best use while developing skills for the future. The result is a career defined by you, supported by RGP and built on tangible accomplishments.

As we continue to grow and deepen our impact on organizations around the world, we are looking for the right people to join us on our mission. If you are interested in being part of our team, there are a few things you should know:
We are energized by challenges and the effort needed to solve them.
We like working with people who are positive, adaptable and growth-minded.
We care how work gets accomplished and are deeply invested in the success of our clients and our colleagues.
If this sounds like you, we invite you to read on and learn more.
THE RGP CONSULTING EXPERIENCE
RGP has a unique consulting model that provides opportunities for consultants to work in different ways. Most consultants work in a model where they have the flexibility and autonomy to choose projects aligning to their experience, skills and desired lifestyle. Other opportunities exist in team-based, strategy and solutions work. In all models, you will feel the full support of RGP to assist you in your work and guide you on your chosen path.
PURPOSE OF THE ROLE
As a Business Analyst, you will be responsible for evaluating an organization objectively and advising on opportunities to improve the efficiency of specific areas of our clients business. This requires special attention to increasing both the profitability and the stability of the business. You will combine your systems knowledge with your functional experience in accounting, information management, human capital, internal audit, and supply chain to help Clients ensure project success.

ATTRIBUTES OF CONSULTANTS WITH RGP
Respect for people and opinions and confidently offer your point-of-view with clients and among colleagues
A drive for proactively cultivating relationships with clients and colleagues
Optimism when faced with challenges and complex situations, coupled with the drive to solve client issues
Dedication to continuous improvement and development of your skillset and talents
A strong personal identification with RGPs values loyalty, integrity, focus, enthusiasm, accountability and talent
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE ROLE
Lead business stakeholder engagement meetings, striving to understand the Clients processes and building trust among business groups
Define and document business requirements and functional specifications from business users and subject matter experts
Understand as-is business processes to effectively identify and document the to-be requirements
Identify root cause(s) of an issue to help determine the optimal solution(s)
Write test plans and/or perform User Acceptance Testing (UAT) and functional testing of new solutions
Perform business needs analysis and design workflows, including as is and to be process mapping
Collect timely feedback from stakeholder groups and ensure terms of requirements and specifications are being met through the solutions being built
DESIRED EXPERIENCE AND REQUIREMENTS
BA or BS in Business, Accounting or related field required; MBA preferred
A minimum of 5 years of Business Analyst experience
Exceptional communication skills and professionalism
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving ability
Experience in technical writing (business cases, project charters, etc.)
Experience in business process improvement efforts
Experience with SQL, Tableau, or related systems is a plus
Strong business acumen

Equal Opportunity Employer
RGP is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, physical or mental disability, genetic information or veteran status, and encourage all applicants to apply.
