Company Description10th Magnitude is a technology services firm helping businesses achieve transformation through cloud technologies. We are market leaders in leveraging the power Microsoft Azure to accelerate innovation speed, operational agility and customer responsiveness for clients around the globe. As one of the top Microsoft Azure partners in the US we specialize in Azure Migration, Cloud-Scale Custom Application Development, Internet of Things, Analytics and DevOps achieved through Azure-Enabled Infrastructure Automation. A member of the Microsoft Azure Partner Advisory Council and a Gold Cloud Platform Microsoft partner, 10th Magnitude is headquartered in Chicago and rapidly expanding across the central US.The Cloud Business Analyst is a critical role in 10th Magnitude's strategic opportunities, assessments and customer interactions. This role will focus on customer discovery, data gathering, data rationalization, facilitating customer discussions, capturing future state cloud architectures and building business focused presentations which will be presented to senior stakeholders of 10th Magnitudes' customers. The Cloud Business Analyst will be supported by their peers in business development, solution architecture and product development and will act as the glue between all of these pieces to provide a great experience to our customers and partners.Responsibilities:* Communication. The success of all relationships begins with the basis of great communication. The Cloud Business Analyst will be an excellent communicator, ensuring professionalism and establishing patterns of exemplary follow-up.* Documentation. A large part of the Cloud Business Analyst role is excellent technical documentation via PowerPoint, Excel, PowerBI and other tools. 10th Magnitude documents are written based upon factual data and our expert recommendations.* Customer Facing. The Cloud Business Analyst will be facing 10th Magnitudes customers before the engineering team engages with them. As such, the Cloud Business Analyst will be comfortable in group environments, with an ability to present well in front of customers.* Attention to Detail. When reviewing data, documents and correspondence for 10 Magnitude and our customers, the Cloud Business Analyst will have a strong attention to detail.* Organizational Skills. The Cloud Business Analyst will have multiple customer and internal projects to juggle and track at any given time. Organizing tasks, effort to complete and communication of those tasks is critical.* Analytical / Logical mindset. The Cloud Business Analyst should have an analytical mindset - enabling them to logically sort through business processes and decision trees to enable reason-based outcomes for our customers.* Passion for Learning. The Cloud Business Analyst will have an interest in learning the business (both for 10th Magnitude and our customers) and how it relates to technology.* Reporting. The Cloud Business Analyst will create reports based on data, displaying the derived facts or our best assumption at the facts based upon the data-sets available to us. Reports will be generated for 10th Magnitude customers as well as internal 10th Magnitude projects.* Agile Requirements Definition. Collaborate with clients to define requirements and translate them into user stories. Add vision to the project along the way.* Lead Assessment Engagements. Using 10th Magnitude's proprietary Cloud Readiness Assessment model, the Cloud Business Analyst will lead projects that help clients review their existing portfolio of applications, determine cloud compatibility, perform cost / benefit analysis and build application migration and modernization roadmaps.* Travel. Expected to be up to 15%.Required Experience:* Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (comfortable working with Pivot Tables)* Proficiency in Microsoft PowerPoint (ability to present to customers)* Proficiency in Microsoft Word (Technical documentation and writing)* Beginner to intermediate experience with PowerBI* Beginner to intermediate experience with relational databases such as SQL or MySQL* Exposure to cloud computing is a plus, though not required* Exposure to statistics and intermediate level mathematics (e.g. business math, pre-calculus, etc.)If you got what it takes...apply now!
