Job Description
Job Summary

The Business Analyst will work alongside other business analysts and report directly to the Project Manager. The role includes performing detailed requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user acceptance testing.

Responsibilities
Work with Thanx Media and client team members to understand complex technological and business environments.
Assist Thanx Media team members in scoping out project based on client timelines and effort necessary to complete requirements.
Effectively participate in all stages of the software development lifecycle including:
conducting meetings and presentations
performing requirements gathering, gap analysis and functional designed
creating reports to document and communicate results
ensuring solutions meet business needs and requirements
performing user acceptance training
conducting training, and
performing other related duties as requested.
Demonstrate strong analytical problem solving and decision making skills.
Work with other business analysts, project managers and stakeholders to gather requirements and create functional and technical specifications.
Job Qualifications/Education
Expert knowledge of eCommerce processes and lifecycle, specifically business processes around understanding and supporting the implementation of eCommerce platforms and associated risk
Strong understanding of SEO and personalization, and other key industry terms and functions, such as A/B testing, cart abandonment rate, AOV, site search and navigation, back office integration, email marketing and analytics.
Exposure and experience with key industry platforms such as Magento, Hybris, OCC, Episerver, Shopify, Kibo or Big Commerce a plus.
General business understanding of B2C and B2B eCommerce processes including integrations with core supporting business applications such as ERP, OMS, and PIM.
Exceptional analytical and conceptual thinking skills.
The ability to influence stakeholders and work closely with them to determine acceptable solutions.
Advanced technical skills.
Excellent documentation skills.
Experience creating detailed reports and giving presentations.
Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or related field
Experience: 5 years of experience in business analysis or a related field.
Preferred Skills
Excellent verbal and written communication
Deep analytical skills with the ability to explain difficult concepts to non-technical users
Project and product management skills
Excellent planning, organizational, and time management skills.
Independent thinker with the ability to work collaboratively
Able to plan, organize and prioritize effectively
Quick learner
Self-motivated
The company reserves the right to add or change duties at any time.
Company Description
Thanx Media is a digital agency that focuses on implementation, strategy services and post-launch support of eCommerce platforms for B2B and B2C sites. Having helped over 250 clients achieve online success and forming partnerships with Oracle Commerce Cloud (OCC), Episerver, Lucidworks, Narvar, Sitefinity, Big Commerce and others, Thanx Media is uniquely qualified to help our clients not only identify the right eCommerce technology for their growing business, but become an expert extension of their team to implement and assist along the digital eCommerce journey.
