If you are a current Motorola Solutions employee, please click this link to apply through your Workday account.
Company Overview


At Motorola Solutions, we create technologies our customers refer to as their lifeline. Our technology platforms in communications, software, video and services help our customers work safely and more efficiently. Whether it’s helping firefighters see through smoke, enabling police officers to see around street corners, or reliably keeping the lights on in homes and businesses around the world, our work supports those who put their lives on the line to keep us safe. Bring your passion, potential and talents to Motorola Solutions, and help us usher in a new era in public safety and security.


Department Overview
Motorola Solutions Inc

Job Description


Work with marketing and Sales ops team to create requirements document and
using cases for Digital transformation project that include website re-design as
well as creation of eCommerce platform. Map business requirements into design decision to
create the appropriate solutions using Oracle Commerce cloud. Work with Development team
to help build eCommerce solutions. Configure Oracle Commerce cloud to meet requirements
with regards to website redesign and eCommerce solution. Create and maintain complete
configuration document for Oracle Commerce cloud. Create test document, execute test cases
and document test results to provide the validity of a particular solutions. Create training
documents and conduct in-class and remote training sessions. Set up Adobe Experience
Manager to create proper marketing and digital contents. Provide guidance and solution with
regards to CRM (Customer Relationship Management). Evaluate business requirements for
CRM solutions and providing design Guidance. Provide post-deployment support for Oracle
Commerce cloud and provide solutions to any post-production issues and ensure minimal to
no disruption to the service level for end-users and customers.


Basic Requirements


Bachelor's and 4 years experience
Degree Field: Comp Info Systems, Comp Science, or related


Travel Requirements
Under 10%

Relocation Provided
None

Position Type
Experienced

Referral Payment Plan
No

EEO Statement

Motorola Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran's status, or, any other protected characteristic.
