Argo Group’s focus is specialty insurance. Our products help power the businesses that drive the world economy. We approach our chosen markets with unmatched expertise, a spirit of innovation and sense of urgency in everything we do.

Argo Casualty offers a range of primary and excess coverage to the contractor segment. Casualty insurance requires flexible, creative and customizable underwriting, and Argo Casualty’s specialized underwriters understand the rates, pricing and coverages to meet contractors’ insurance needs and help project owners succeed.

Due to a growing book of business, we are looking for an exceptional Business Operations Analyst to join our Argo Casualty Team. The position is located in New York, NY. The purpose of this position will be to assist and facilitate business planning with key partners (internal & External) by driving analysis, through the creation of reports to drive key metric results.

We offer a work environment that inspires innovation and is open to employee suggestions. While we work hard, a work/life balance is just as important so that our employees are fully focused while working. We believe in building an inclusive and diverse team, and we strive to make our office a welcoming space for everyone. We encourage talented people from all backgrounds to apply. We hire the best people, so we can deliver the best solutions.

In this role you will:
Closely work with Business Insight Manager to build reliable source of information that harmonizes multiple systems and applications.
Conduct ad-hoc analysis of metrics and data mines reporting to drive actionable insight and support decision making
This role will continually review historical and ongoing accuracy of data and performance on a regular basis with business partners.
Utilize data and reports to identify top and lower performing brokers to reward and rehabilitate as appropriate.
Monthly and quarterly analysis and identify areas to improve underwriting relationships and maximize resources
Improve growth and efficiently metrics
Identify, implement and monitor production/submission flow to maximize distribution
Engage in daily/weekly huddles, generate suggestions by understanding and drive goal alignment across both internal and external clients
Stay abreast of trends in the market place by collecting information from internal and external clients
Closely work with Finance Business Insight Manager
In order to be successful in this role you will need:
A bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting or similar field of study from an accredited university and a relentless desire to continually update your skill level through continuing education and self-development.
0 to 5 years’ experience supporting financial analysis or commercial insurance with a desire to create and analyze management reports.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Experience with JSON and XML Files
Knowledge of -SQL, Python, Snowflake and Power BI
Critical Thinking, enjoys puzzles, curiosity of data
Detail oriented with initiative and the ability to work independently in a fast-paced environment.
Excellent analytical skills. Be inquisitive.
Ability to travel.
Advanced knowledge of computer programs, including Word, Excel, and Outlook.
You’ll also want to make sure you embody our core values as they are the key to our success:
We desire to excel
We are committed to our clients and to each other
We have the courage to do the right thing
We apply original thinking
Argo will provide to you with:
An opportunity to be your best and work with talented and inventive professionals at a Company Forbes magazine named to its list of America’s 50 Most Trustworthy Financial Companies for the last two years and that A.M. Best has rated an ‘A’ (Excellent) for thirteen consecutive years.
An attractive Total Rewards package that includes:
Base pay and profit sharing.
Comprehensive benefits designed to protect and enhance your life and your dependents’ lives by way of health and wellness plans, life insurance, a matching 401(k) Plan, generous PTO and an opportunity to become a shareholder at a 15% discount.
Argo Academy, a digital and instructor-led platform that helps us focus on continuous learning and which, by the way, got us named in Training magazine as one of the Training Top 125 Companies!
Opportunities to support your local community though various outreach programs or by matching your gift to charitable causes by 150%.
An Employee Referral program, that resulted in 30% of all new hires last year.
PLEASE NOTE: At this time, Argo Group will not sponsor an applicant for employment authorization for this position

To all recruitment agencies: Unless you have been requested to work on this position, or other positions with Argo Group, please do not forward any resumes to Argo Group employees. Argo Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of age, ancestry, color, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, national origin or citizenship (including language use restrictions), denial of family and medical care leave, disability (mental and physical) , including HIV and AIDS, medical condition (including cancer and genetic characteristics), race, religious creed (including religious dress and grooming practices), sex (including pregnancy, child birth, breastfeeding, and medical conditions related to pregnancy, child birth or breastfeeding), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or other status protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Applicants: For the most convenient application experience, please use the “Apply with LinkedIn” button. If manually entering, only include your most recent or relevant job information needed for this role. For either method, please attach your most current resume. Additional job history may be obtained if selected for the interview process.
