Support Analyst-20000IBA Applicants are required to read, write, and speak the following languages: English
Preferred Qualifications
Oracle Textura Payment Management (TPM) is a cloud-based software service that streamlines the construction billing and payment process. It is the first of its kind in the industry, and since 2004 has helped clients manage $500B in construction more efficiently and with less risk. TPM is offered within the Construction and Engineering Global Business Unit (CEGBU) vertical at Oracle alongside many other products that serve this fast-growing industry.

The Textura Client Services team is uniquely responsible for all aspects of the client lifecycle, including sales support, implementation, account and relationship management, and ongoing support of the TPM application. You will collaborate with all levels of the Client Services group, as well as the Production Support and Product teams, to deliver TPM to our clients and support project implementations by ensuring delivery timelines are followed and issues are tracked and escalated as needed.

Detailed Description and Job Requirements

As a Client Services Support Analyst, you will work directly with Oracle’s clients and collaborate with team members to ensure our clients are successful in their use of TPM. By providing exceptional service over the phone, through e-mail, and occasionally in person at client locations, you will help our clients improve productivity, mitigate risk and enhance project communication through our cloud-based solution, Oracle Textura Payment Management. The Client Services team is a fast paced, energetic, ever changing environment. We are goal oriented and driven to exceed client expectations. With that, come many opportunities for growth including career development support and exposure to a thriving industry!

Key responsibilities include
Answer support calls/emails and work with clients to fully understand, troubleshoot and resolve issues
Assist your team with the implementation of the Oracle Textura Payment Management solution for both new and existing clients
Lead web-based training for both new and current Oracle clients
Work with team members to identify, define, prioritize, and implement new system functionality
Lead internal initiatives within Client Services team
Work closely with cross departmental teams to resolve issues in a timely manner
Demonstrate initiative to taking on increasingly challenging projects
Skills and Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in information systems, business, communications or related area of study is preferred
Entry level (0-3 years) experience directly servicing clients via phone / email / in person
Preferred experience providing technical support and training on software systems
Entry level technical troubleshooting and analytical skills
Ability to solve complex problems under pressure
Construction industry knowledge helpful, but not required
Ability and willingness to travel infrequently (up to 5%)
Oracle is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability and protected veterans status or any other characteristic protected by law.
Detailed Description and Job Requirements
As a member of the Support organization, your focus is to deliver post-sales support and solutions to the Oracle customer base while serving as an advocate for customer needs. This involves resolving post-sales non-technical customer inquiries via phone and electronic means, as well as, technical questions regarding the use of and troubleshooting for our Electronic Support Services. A primary point of contact for customers, you are responsible for facilitating customer relationships with Support and providing advice and assistance to internal Oracle employees on diverse customer situations and escalated issues.

As an Associate Support Engineer, you will be the technical interface to customers, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) and Value-Added Resellers (VARs) for resolution of problems related to the installation, recommended maintenance and use of Oracle products. Your primary task will be to provide level one support to customers who contact the Oracle Solution Center and maintain high level of customer satisfaction while meeting guidelines (mostly through electronic means).

Work involves some problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and procedures. As this is an entry-level technical position at Oracle, a technical degree is preferred i.e., BS Computer Science/Management Information Systems/Science/ Engineering/Math/Physics/Chemistry with a 3.0 GPA. OR functional degree + technical higher degree or in lieu of degree may substitute 4 years professional experience & professional certification (i.e., CNE, MCSE, CPA, Oracle, etc.).

Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Job
: Support
Location
: US-IL,Illinois-Chicago
Job Type
: Regular Employee Hire
Organization
: OFSS
