PDI is seeking a Business Intelligence Analyst to join our team working in an exciting, high-volume retail data ecosystem with over $100 billion of transaction log data. This position plays a critical role at SwiftIQ and for both the retailer and their vendor partners to realize the most value from the data. Leveraging this rich dataset to help uncover insights to drive business decisions in the areas of promotion effectiveness, assortment and distribution opportunities, and understanding shopper behavior changes.

The candidate will be able to leverage their analytical skills coupled with relationship development and management and will need to apply those practices daily. Mastering the relationship between client data and the SwiftIQ platform will be an important element for this position. The successful applicant will be joining an open and diverse team with a can-do attitude, and a strong desire to make an impact in a start-up organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES & TASKS

The overarching responsibilities for this role are (i) own the relationship with various customers and be their go-to SwiftIQ contact, (ii) understand and analyze clientsâ data to provide valuable insights, and (iii) on-board new clients successfully and efficiently, including training on the SwiftIQ platform.
Serve as lead Business Intelligence Analyst for a portfolio of retailer & Consumer Packaged Goods clients.
Help clients best utilize the SwiftIQ platform to answer key business questions.
Drive adoption and usage of the platform through client trainings, ongoing engagement with multiple contacts within an organization, effective communication and relationship building.
Develop an expertise on each clientsâ individual business needs and identify ways to create and deliver value-add analyses through the SwiftIQ platform and/or ad hoc projects.
Write SQL code to support ad-hoc requests or BI projects, as well as investigate explicit issues.
Create presentations delivering insights and actionable recommendations.
Oversee new client onboardings by working closely with both the client and the internal data operations and engineering teams.
Work with clients and with the help of internal teams to mitigate any potential concerns.
Using client feedback, work with the Product team to continuously develop and improve product offerings and the user experience.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree required in Computer Science or Data related field.
2-3 years of professional experience in an analytical and/or client-facing role, preferably in retail or CPG industry.
Proven superb written and oral communication skills.
Outstanding analytical skills and a passion for problem solving.
Advanced in SQL, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Phenomenal organizational skills and one who naturally thrives in a multi-tasking environment with the ability to effectively manage priorities with limited oversight.
Experience with customer relationship management is a plus.
High emotional intelligence and interpersonal skills
Strong team player with an opportunistic and self-starting mindset
PDIâs employee-oriented culture provides a supportive and dynamic work environment for high achievers. PDI seeks individuals who value continuous learning, hold high ethical standards, and are top performers in their respective fields. We offer competitive wages, professional development, great culture, and a competitive benefits package. For more information about PDI, please visit our website at www.pdisoftware.com. PDI is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We verify employment eligibility for all new hires using e-Verify.

Powered by JazzHR
