What you get to do:
Act as a liaison between business users and technical team.
Document functional user requirements in user stories along with detailed specifications for use in the development cycle.
Support development team with functional testing and validation of delivered solution
Contribute to system design reviews to identify potential issues.
Assist with systems test planning and test script development.
Contribute to development of deployment and communication plans.
Develop customer communications, training, and job aids to assist in successful business transitions.
Document business requirements, translate requirements into system specifications, support system development activities, document the solution for training, provide customer support, and support test execution.
What you bring to the role:
Minimum 3 to 5 years of related professional experience.
Ability to wear multiple hats and take on a variety of functional roles including project management and business analyst as needed to ensure client success.
Problem solving and analytical skills, in addition to strong verbal and written communication skills.
Attention to detail with a desire to become a business process and solution expert within the structure of a consulting project
Understanding of the Quote to Cash business process preferred
Successfully worked on multiple consulting projects implementing CRM/ERP/cloud applications, with SalesForce.com knowledge a plus.
Understanding of systems development life cycle, in particular with Agile methodology.
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, engineering, business, finance or equivalent educational or professional experience.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite (especially Project, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio).
Previous consulting experience at a Big 4 or similar firm is preferred.
Individual must be able to travel.
What we’ll do for you:
Health, vision, life & disability, dental insurance
Snacks and Drinks
Happy hours
Casual Dress
Tuition reimbursement & Professional Development Program
Learn and challenge yourself in a fast-paced, growing tech company
Team outings & open office floor plan
More about us:

Pierce Washington transforms how global enterprise customers quote and sell via the web. With a combined 20 + years of enterprise implementation experience, our Delivery Partners bring deep expertise and a customer-first approach to all of our implementations. As the first ever Certified Implementation Partner and now an Oracle Gold partner, Pierce Washington has successfully delivered over 70 BigMachines/Oracle CPQ implementation projects. Our commitment to each client’s success is the foundation on which Pierce Washington was built. None of this success would have been possible without the synergy we have with our employees. Our commitment to each employee’s personal growth and development yet still highly valuing work/life balance, all within a culture of collaboration and team work, is why being a part of our team is an exciting next step in your career!
