Job Description


Do you want to make a significant impact? Do you want to utilize your analytical skills to drive pricing strategies and provide a competitive advantage to our True Value Retailers. True Value has a need for a Sr. Pricing Analyst.

The Sr. Pricing Analyst is responsible for the design and implementation of pricing strategies leading to sales opportunities, margin stabilization and improvement, risk management, and competitive market approach. Primary responsibility of this role pivots between special projects and daily price management functions to establish and maintain price standards, strategies, and performance across products and channels. The Sr. Pricing Analyst will utilize leading pricing analytics practices to recommend, create tactics and drive communication of key pricing insights to Senior Leadership and other relevant stakeholders. This position reports to the Director of Pricing.

Revolutionize Wholesale and be a part of a high performing Pricing team and support our strategic initiative. We are a dynamic team committed to driving True Value’s aggressive growth as the only nationally branded hardlines wholesaler that celebrates independent retailers.

Our culture:

• Embraces personal and professional development
• Values diverse perspectives
• Provides competitive compensation
• Committed to volunteerism and community outreach

Your Value = Our Value.

Position Description

Essential Duties and Responsibilities (in order of importance):
Analyze and identify opportunities to optimize sales, profitability and leakage prevention through pricing strategies
Provide analysis and technical support for pricing initiatives that include setting list prices, determine customer specific discounts and identify product conversion opportunities
Perform margin and pricing analysis in order to support business initiatives
Work with Director and VP of Pricing to define, launch, and drive strategic and operational initiatives around pricing strategy
Respond to complex pricing inquiries and support the resolution of price discrepancies
Utilize competitive intelligence to make price to win recommendations
Provide deal analysis for Sales management
Support the timely and accurate execution and monitoring of price adjustments
Support the development and refinement of tools, policies, and procedures that enhance existing performance
Ad-hoc research or analysis projects as requested
Special projects as required
Other tasks as requested
Position Qualifications

Work Experience:
Minimum of three years experience working with large data sets from multiple sources
Superior critical thinking and problem-solving ability
Excellent analytical capabilities including (e.g. SQL, Excel and relational database skills)
Strong analytical skills coupled with the ability to effectively articulate insights and recommend actions
Ability to work cross-functionally and effectively influence and partner. Must relate well to all kinds of people, listen and builds constructive relationships, uses diplomacy and tact. Shows creativity and innovation in presenting ideas
Detail oriented, organized and analytical. Has the ability to handle multiple projects at the same time
Ability to drive projects and activities to successful conclusion, operating with a high sense of urgency
Demonstrated ability to operate independently with broad general guidance against a framework of defined business objectives
Strong intellect, drive, and communication skills
Education:
Bachelor’s degree in business, operations, mathematics, finance, economics or a scientific field. An advanced degree in business or science is preferred but not required
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
