Job Summary

Responsible for developing and maintaining a thorough understanding of business processes pertaining to purchasing, distribution, and dispensing of pharmaceutical products at Walgreens. Uses this knowledge to develop cost benefit analysis of proposed programs through collection and data analysis. Develops and presents specific recommendations to Pharmacy Purchasing management team. Works on projects in strategy development, industry trends, competitive analysis, and company positioning.

Job Responsibilities
Develops and maintains a comprehensive understanding of business processes and industry practices pertaining to purchasing, distributing, and dispensing of pharmaceutical products.
Develops and presents cost-benefit analyses of proposed programs and makes specific recommendations tied to the business goals of the department and Company.
Collects, analyzes and presents information pertaining to long-term planning and strategic goals of the Pharmacy Purchasing department.
Works on projects in strategy development, industry trends, competitive analysis, and company positioning as it relates to pharmacy purchasing and distribution.
Walgreens (walgreens.com), one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health, beauty and retail destination supporting communities across the country, and was named to FORTUNE* magazines 2019 Companies that Change the World list. Approximately 8 million customers interact with Walgreens in stores and online each day. As of August 31, 2019, Walgreens operates 9,277 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners.

Basic Qualifications
Bachelors degree and two (2) years of experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions; OR, High School Diploma/GED and five (5) years of experience with analyzing and reporting data in order to identify issues, trends, or exceptions to drive improvement of results and find solutions.
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Access (for example: designing and creating simple queries, modifying data types, adding dates, working with required fields and/or creating labels).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Excel (for example: using SUM function, setting borders, setting column width, inserting charts, using text wrap, sorting, setting headers and footers and/or print scaling).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft PowerPoint (for example: applying a theme, formatting character spacing, inserting a picture, changing slide layout and theme colors, adding transitions, customizing slide numbers, changing chart style and/or formatting font).
Intermediate level skill in Microsoft Word (for example: inserting headers, page breaks, page numbers and tables and/or adjusting table columns).
Experience using time management skills such as prioritizing/organizing and tracking details and meeting deadlines of multiple projects with varying completion dates.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Finance, Economics, or Mathematics.
Basic level skill in SQL (for example: build queries, add, modify, and delete data; create and maintain tables, query and update databases using SQL statements, etc).
Experience with EDW/Teradata, business objects, data warehouse applications, ADR7, and other Walgreens internal systems.
Experience providing customer service to internal and external customers, including meeting quality standards and evaluation of customer satisfaction.
