Contract Web Business Analyst role for immediate need in Rosemont, IL

This role will help accomplish our goals by gathering/defining requirements and dependencies, establishing scope, helping to define web development priorities, and testing/validating improvements for release readiness. By coordinating and communicating across teams, she/he will help guide processes to efficiently deliver website/platform enhancements and updates in support of our marketing and overall business goals.
The ideal candidate is a strong communicator, has a collaborative work style, is continually looking for ways to do things better and with an eye toward what may come next, is self-motivated, detail-oriented, and results-driven.
Work with the Business to identify requirements and think critically about what will make it successful; write user stories that effectively communicate the Business’ requirements and that are easily consumed by software development teams.
Attend and lead Business stakeholder meetings; provide project status reporting to management; assist with testing scenarios and validate results.
Create deliverables such as process flows, wireframes, mockups and functional prototypes to effectively communicate design strategies and detailed interaction behaviors.
Become a Subject Matter Expert on a variety of packages and custom business applications including User Experience best practices.
Required Skills:
7+ years of prior experience as a Business Analyst or other IT role, such as support or development.
Strong User Experience background. Comfortable with concepts such as user-centric design, personas, user research and common tools and methods.
Able to visualize and explain concepts on the fly using a whiteboard or the latest tools such as Mural as well as have stellar documentation skills with hands on experience with MS Visio for use case diagrams, cross-functional process flows, entity relationship diagrams, etc.
Excellent communicator
Skilled at defining and documenting business and functional requirements for ongoing system enhancement initiatives in agile software development environments.
Experience writing clear acceptance criteria to a testable level.
Experience setting up and leading in all Agile meetings including: sprint planning, sprint grooming, review, demo, stand-up, and retrospective sessions as well as working with development teams applying feature-driven development concepts.
Experience in all phases of product, software, and testing lifecycles.
Clear and concise verbal and written communication skills.
Firm understanding of relational databases, database structures and design, and data management.
SQL Skills
Healthcare experience preferred
Experience using Azure DevOps – added plus
#IND123
