Ricondo is a full-service aviation consulting firm. We provide facilities and operations planning, environmental planning, and financial planning services to airport owners and operators, airlines, and federal and state aviation-related agencies. The firm is headquartered in Chicago and has offices throughout the United States, as well as offices in London and Abu Dhabi.

What distinguishes Ricondo in aviation planning is our focus on the aviation industry, our responsive approach to delivery of services, and our commitment to supporting our clients from preliminary planning through project design, federal processing, financing, and project construction. Our philosophy places client needs as our priority delivering our services in a way that builds long-term successful relationships. Because every airport is different, Ricondo considers every aspect of the issue at hand and recommends custom solutions that are right for every client, every time.

We invest in our team just as we invest in our clients. Thats why we offer an extremely generous, comprehensive benefits package and paid-time-off program to support our team members growth and success both at Ricondo and at home.

As we continue to expand our global portfolio and deliver exceptional client services, we are seeking a Consultant/Senior Consultant (Terminal Planner) with a blend of technical and business expertise to become part of our firm. Join our elite team of aviation consultants and watch your career take flight!

POSITION SUMMARY

The Consultant/Senior Consultant is responsible for performing advanced planning duties in research, development, and implementation of aviation programs, projects and studies with a focus on terminal planning. While the positions core responsibility is terminal planning, the role offers opportunities for diverse experience in other areas such as landside and airside planning and other general analysis tasks. The role may include supervision, training, and direction to subordinate staff. The location for this role is Chicago, Illinois, however other locations will be considered.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Conducts field surveys, investigations, and collects data in support of airport planning studies.
Consults with fellow employees and senior staff concerning the compilation, interpretation, and presentation of research data for airport planning studies.
Creates and maintains terminal simulation and spreadsheet models. Carries out reporting from models and arrangement of results for internal and external presentation.
Assists in non-terminal planning analyses where necessary.
Prepares draft sections of reports and deliverables based on verbal and written inputs from others as well as individual efforts.
Assists in developing, formatting, publishing, and distributing tables, charts and reports, that deal with existing and proposed airport planning studies.
Provides advice, technical assistance, and written recommendations on airport planning studies.
Develops and maintains electronic data sets, files, runs and troubleshoots existing programs.
Responds to requests for data and information from internal staff and external clients, organizations, various agencies, and the public.
Attends meetings and workshops with senior staff in support of planning efforts.
Performs related work as required.
REQUIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in a field that provides a strong foundation for aviation consulting, such as Engineering, Architecture, Planning, Aviation Management, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Administration, Finance, or Economics.
Minimum of 2-6 years of increasingly responsible experience in airport planning or related field.
Possesses a familiarity with the airline industry or a desire to learn and grow in the aviation industry.
Excellent analytical skills and ability to manipulate spreadsheet models.
Excellent verbal, interpersonal, and written communications skills.
High level of proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Access).
Willingness to travel to and work at client offices as required.
PREFERRED SKILLS AND TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Masters degree in a field that provides a strong foundation for aviation consulting, such as Engineering, Architecture, Planning, Aviation Management, Mathematics, Statistics, Business Administration, Finance, or Economics.
Experience in terminal and other simulation software.
Extensive knowledge of best practices, methods, and principles utilized in strategic planning, infrastructure and facilities planning, and operational research for airports.
Ability to apply advanced professional knowledge of the principles of management, business, marketing and administration in directing, supervising, and coordinating large and complex airport planning projects.
Extensive knowledge of analytical techniques and related tools including statistical, spreadsheet, database, simulation, and spatial/graphical analysis applications (AutoCAD, REVIT, GIS, etc.).
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relations with senior executives and staff at client organizations.
REWARDS AND ADVANTAGES
Competitive health benefits with no out of pocket monthly premiums. Thats right, this is covered 100% by the Firm!
401(K) match contribution for eligible team members
Employee Stock Ownership Participation for eligible team members
Profit Sharing for eligibly team members
Learning and development opportunities
Tuition reimbursement
Continued career advancement opportunities
Generous Paid Time-Off Program
Ricondo is an equal opportunity employer.

See more at: https://www.ricondo.com/careers/job-board

Powered by JazzHR
