Net2Source is a Global Workforce Solutions Company headquartered at NJ, USA with its branch offices in Asia Pacific Region. We are one of the fastest growing IT Consulting company across the USA and we are hiring " Pharma Business Analyst " for one of our clients. We offer a wide gamut of consulting solutions customized to our 450+ clients ranging from Fortune 5001000 to Start-ups across various verticals like Technology, Financial Services, Healthcare, Life Sciences, Oil Gas, Energy, Retail, Telecom, Utilities, Technology, Manufacturing, the Internet, and Engineering. Position Pharma Business Analyst Mode of hire- Full time Location - Chicago, IL Note- We need someone with preferably pharma MES MES experience as well as some broader experience on other manufacturing systems such as historian etc. We need experience on data models of manufacturing systems. Mandatory Skills The position requires an experienced Business Analyst in the Pharma manufacturing Domain. Experience multiple manufacturing domains like manufacturing, asset management, historian, serialization, scheduling, order management etc., Understanding of various key integration touch points between multiple manufacturing plant applications and enterprise applications Experience in creating various artefacts like Requirements document, process flows, URS, functional specifications, test plans etc., Experience conducting requirement gathering workshops, interviews etc., Understanding of data models across manufacturing functions such as operations, maintenance, process data etc. Preferred Skills Knowledge of Pharma manufacturing domain Understanding of integrations amongst L3 and L4 applications Fair technical knowledge on integration platforms and ESB" Job RolesResponsibilities Assess business requirements through interviews and workshops Document requirements using a Requirements Traceability Matrix or similar tool(s) Process design and mapping, including business rules and process flow impact including modeling skills Understand and define data models for manufacturing service bus Produce high quality documentation collaborate with various project stakeholders such as project manager, business stakeholders, technical teams About Net2Source, Inc. Net2Source is an employer-of-choice for over 2200+ consultants across the globe. We recruit top-notch talent for over 40 Fortune and Government clients coast-to-coast across the U.S. We are one of the fastest-growing companies in the U.S. and this may be your opportunity to join us! Want to read more about Net2Source?, Visit us at Equal Employment Opportunity Commission The United States Government does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, or other non-merit factor. Net2Source Inc. is one of the fastest growing Global Workforce Solutions company with a growth of 100 YoY for last consecutive 3 years with over 2200+ employees globally and 30 locations in US and operations in 20 countries. With an experience of over a decade we offer unmatched workforce solutions to our clients by developing an in-depth understanding of their business needs. We specialize in Contingent hiring, Direct Hires, Statement of Work, Payroll Management, IC Compliance, VMS, RPO and Managed IT Services. Fast Facts about Net2Source Inception in 2007, privately held, Debt free 2200+ employees globally 375+ In- house Team of Sales, Account Management and Recruitment with coast to coast COE. 30 offices in US and 50+ Offices globally Operations in 20 countries (US, Canada, Mexico, APAC, UK, UAE, Europe, , Europe, Latin America, Japan, Australia) Awards and Accolades 2018 Fastest Growing IT Staffing Firm in North America by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 Fastest-Growing Private Companies in America as a 5 times consecutive honoree Inc. 5000 2018 Fastest 50 by NJBiz 2018 Techserve Excellence Award (IT and Engineering Staffing) 2018 Best of the Best Platinum Award by Agile1 2018 40 Under 40 Award Winner by Staffing Industry Analysts 2018 CEO World Gold Award by SVUS 2017 Best of the Best Gold Award by Agile1 Madhukar Singh Office (201) 340-8700 x 468 Cell (201) 479-3246 Fax (201) 221-8131 Email
