Company Description:

William Blair is a premier global boutique with expertise in investment banking, investment management, and private wealth management. We are committed to building enduring relationships with our clients and providing expertise and solutions to meet their evolving needs. An independent and employee-owned firm, William Blair is headquartered in Chicago and, together with its strategic partners, operates in more than 20 offices worldwide.

Job Summary & Responsibilities:

The Senior Business Resiliency Analyst will assist in the implementation and maintenance of William Blair's Business Continuity Management (BCM) Program, including Emergency Response, Crisis Management, IT Disaster Recovery (DR) and Business Continuity. Collaborate with business unit managers and business functions, including Legal and Compliance, IT, Information Security, Facilities, Human Resources, Communications and Security, to ensure the BCM program is appropriately planned and executed. Foster an environment among management and staff of business resilience and recovery preparedness.
Operationalize the BCM program components working with Director of BCM to engage BCM Steering Committee members as required.
Engage with different lines of business and corporate functions to prioritize and conduct business continuity risk assessments and impact analyses. Facilitate risk mitigation plans and drive the development of robust business recovery and continuity plans.
Provide subject-matter expertise on crisis management planning and execution. Develop and maintain highly functional Emergency Response, Crisis Management, and Business Continuity plans.
Collaborate with IT leads to facilitate the development and maintenance of IT DR Plans.
Create and maintain business process documentation for the program using approved process modeling techniques.
Manage the development and execution of comprehensive and integrated exercises to test capabilities and update all plans regularly.
Assist the Director of BCM in the creation and maintenance of the Business Continuity Management policies, standards and guidelines in line with the BCM Framework, and applicable state and federal regulations.
Foster an environment among program participants of business resilience and recovery preparedness.
Ensure appropriate, regular training of the broader employee population to facilitate awareness, response and recovery from disruptive events.
Collaborate with the Enterprise Risk Management team to ensure Business Continuity risks are sufficiently identified, assessed, mitigated, monitored and reported.
Monitor emerging BCM practices and technology tools for potential adoption.
Provide the Director of BCM (and other stakeholders and program participants) with regular reports, dashboards, and scorecards on the operational status of the BCM program.
Work with Vendor Management to ensure dependencies are identified and addressed across all lines of business
Implement project management best practices to keep internal projects on track
Identify and escalate key program risks to the BCM Director and facilitate resolution.
Ensure that work activities comply with applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures.
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree; in Emergency Management, Business Continuity Planning (BCP), Business, or equivalent field, MBA preferred.
4+ years of of experience in a regulated industry, financial services preferred.
5-8 years experience in business continuity planning or relevant field such as, emergency management, disaster recovery or resiliency management.
CBCP (Certified Business Continuity Professional), CFCP (Certified Functional Continuity Professional) or similar required, Master Business Continuity Professional (MBCP) preferred.
Ability to articulate Business Continuity concepts and methodology.
In-depth knowledge of business continuity principles, best practices and methodologies.
Knowledge of and experience with current industry standards.
Working knowledge of applicable regulations and standards particular to the financial services industry.
Experience with process modeling methodologies.
Demonstrated proficiency in Office 365 suite, data visualization tools (Microsoft BI or Tableau), and business continuity planning software.
Strong interpersonal and indirect influencing skills, with a demonstrated ability to gain the confidence of stakeholders at various organizational levels.
Excellent written and oral communication skills.
Ability to cultivate cross-functional relationships to achieve strategic objectives.
Excellent prioritization and time management skills.
Excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills.
High level of personal initiative, creativity and self-motivation.
