Job Description - Business Systems Analyst Responsibilities Provides first level support for users of the Microsoft DynamicsNAV ERP application. Coordinates security access to all applications and maintains physical security on all IT hardware assets. Performs periodic audits to verify that system access supports proper segregation of duties. Manages IT controls and segregation of duties process. Provides user support and development for reporting in the Business Objects data warehouse. Provides basic development of reports and pages in NAV. Provide functionaltechnical leadership to the ManufacturingOperations function, overseeing the migration of legacy solutions to industry leading solutions. Serve as subject matter expert for business solutionsprocesses supporting the manufacturing function, including enterprise manufacturing, manufacturing executions systems, and automation. Elicit and define business requirements by engaging and interviewing stakeholders within the business. Define, map and analyze business processes and design technology solutions to enhance business operations around industry best practices. Analyze business "to-be", inspect "as-is" and perform gap analysis to develop recommendations to achieve objectives. Understand and make recommendations on technical software design and specifications. Leadership Competencies Manages Complexity - Making sense of complex, high quantity and sometimes contradictory information to effectively solve problems. Cultivates Innovation - Planning and prioritizing work to meet commitments aligned with organizational goals. Drives Results - Consistently achieving results, even under tough circumstances. Collaborates - Building partnerships and working collaboratively with others to meet shared objectives. Experience and Skill Required A 4-year degree in Information Technology combined with 3 or more years of relevant experience. In lieu of a degree, 5 or more years of relevant experience. Knowledge of manufacturing business practices. Excellent computer skills necessary in Microsoft Office Suite. Provide detail analysis of information and requirements. Experienced documenting business requirements for creating technical specifications. Programming experience in a .Net environment, including NAV. Experience with data warehouse reporting. Prior experience in managing IT controls and security. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong interpersonal skills with ability to handle difficult situations. Excellent time management and organizational skills, with the ability to multitask and prioritize. Keen attention to detail, with a commitment to follow through and follow-up. Must be able to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical audiences and interact with all types of contacts including technology, business, and management. Must be a self-starter with the ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment.
