Kraft Heinz, The Company

As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we are proud to spark joy around mealtimes with a global portfolio of more than 200 brands. Some are iconic master brands like Heinz, Kraft and Planters. Others are fast growing new sensations that defy status quo like DEVOUR and Primal Kitchen. No matter the brand, we are united under one vision To Be the Best Food Company, Growing a Better World. Bringing this vision to life are our 36,000+ teammates around the world, making food people love.

Together, we help provide meals to those in need through our global partnership and commitment with Rise Against Hunger. And we also stand committed to sustainability, and the health of our planet and its people.

Every day, we are transforming the food industry with bold thinking and unprecedented results. If you’re passionate like us -- and ready to create the future, build on a storied legacy, and participate as a conscientious global citizen -- there’s one thing to do join us.

Our Culture of Ownership, Meritocracy and Collaboration

We’re not afraid to think differently. Embrace new ideas. Dream big. It all comes down to the way we empower our people to own their work. It’s true Our employees are our competitive advantage.

As part of the Kraft Heinz family you’re supported to grow and achieve. You’re recognized and rewarded for outstanding performance at every level. You’re given the opportunity to leave your mark and build legacies. But you won’t do it alone. This is where our values and teamwork thrives and collaborative spirit fuels every day.

Job Description


Overview

The Senior Analyst provides an outstanding opportunity to gain broad experience across all functions for finance in the US. This individual will have exposure to full P&L and will participate in US-wide initiatives. Opportunity to contribute analytics and provide input on key strategies and plans across different categories and business units. Significant interaction with Senior Leadership teams across the US Zone, including the US CFO, Business Unit CFOs, etc.

Key Responsibilities:
Play a ownership role in the US CFO’s main planning and reporting activities surrounding the management cashflow statement, including monthly KHC Business Management cycle (i.e. EVP, MPR, Finance Committee), major forecasts, Strategic Plan, and Annual Operating Plan
Own business results and achieving financial targets (e.g. tracking Risks & Opps, Action Plans, etc.)
Run Routine / meetings with key stakeholders from all aspects of the business (Supply Chain, Accounting, Global, Treasury)
Take Lead on strategic planning, modeling, and preparation of management presentations, including US CFO and Board-level materials
Main steward of US Zone Management Cashflow Statement and work with key parties during close / forecasting cycle (i.e. Accounting, Treasury, and Tax)
Significant ad hoc opportunities for leadership and analytics
Qualifications:
Bachelor of Science in a quantitative field (i.e. Economics, Mathematics, Finance, Engineering, Accounting, etc.) is preferred
Minimum of 1 years of experience in Investment Banking, Private Equity, Consulting, Corporate Finance, or Accounting, preferred
Prior Category, Corporate FP&A and/or BU experience, preferred
Experience working with data in FiT, Hyperion, and/or SAP skills, preferred
Proven capability to manage large sets of data in MS Excel
Demonstrated strong accounting and analytical skills, as well as broad business acumen
Location(s)
Chicago/Aon Center
Equal Opportunity Employer–minorities/females/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
