Bulk Extracts – Project Manager – Analyst

Job Description:

The Bulk Extract Project Manager Analyst will manage client requests, project development, delivery, and ongoing maintenance of a portfolio of primarily large data extract deliverables for a leading provider of a big data, predictive analytics and forward-looking insights in CPG/retail/healthcare industries.

The right candidate must be organized and know how to prioritize schedules and tasks in order to handle multiple clients, projects, and deadlines. You should enjoy participating in a collaborative team environment and be able to both seek and give input when necessary.

Strong listening, observational, interpretive, consultative and problem-solving skills are a must. You will be required to effectively and confidently communicate with clients. You will need to be able to set and manage expectations both with the client and internally, and coordinate with a cross-functional team in order to execute and deliver on time and above expectations. Approximately 0-20% travel is expected in this role.

Roles/Responsibility:
Client Engagement
Educate internal Client Insights/Service and external client teams on extract best practices
Set expectations and manage the client through the extract delivery process, including helping the client design the right specifications for data extract
Project Management
Develops project plans for new projects as well as manage existing client deliverables following project management best practices
Works closely with Offshore and technology cross functional partners to monitor the production of deliverables
Support enterprise/team process improvement projects and initiatives
QC On-going deliverables
Manage monthly deliverables for extracts and offline reporting
Quality check weekly/monthly reports by comparing against client specs/prior reports
Manage project change requests
Project Change Requests/Restatement
Manage all client change requests including any restatements as required
Develop implementation and communication plans to ensure all stakeholders understand the change process and timing
Skills Requirements:
A background of CPG industry is crucial. Knowledge of the retailer business side is a plus.
Excellent verbal and written communication.
Ability to maintain composure under pressure and make critical decisions and come up with creative solutions on the spot, as the implementation process contains many elements which are not in your control.
Strong time-management skills and ability to manage multiple clients, projects, and changing timelines.
Plans for, organizes and coordinates work and resources to respond to requests and to ensure project goals and timelines are met
Consistently acts with client satisfaction in mind and follows through on commitments to ensure the needs of the client are met
Provides consistent delivery of a high value experience (day after day, year after year) regardless of who happens to be on the front lines of the delivery process.
Ensures delivery on all client commitments; removes internal barriers to delivery
Sound data analysis skill, experience in relational databases a plus
#LI-AA1
