THE OPPORTUNITY:

The Plex Business Process Analyst assesses processes, workflows, standardization, and system utilization, and makes recommendations that supports company-wide objectives for efficiency and standardization. Provides ERP system administration and support to users. This is a hands-on position for a professional resource with capabilities in facilitation and project management in manufacturing business process. Focused on mini implementation, implementation of change, process improvement, training, etc . The position does not carry supervisory responsibilities.

LOCATION:

St. Louis, Missouri

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Listed in order of time allocation or priority:

Oversees and performs ERP process analysis and system changes and enhancements, including:

Analyzing, defining, and documenting current functional departments’ processes (including work instructions) and workflows and recommending process solutions for ERP system enhancements.

Facilitating process workshops that involve eliciting process requirements from Business Users and developing new business solutions.

Building out integrated system workflows and creating stand-alone workflows.

Handling new enhancement and new configuration testing.

Collaborates with subject matter experts (SME) in functional area of the enhancement and ensures that process improvements are standard across all locations.

Administering a formal change management and custom report process to ensure management approval and standardization across all locations.

Managing mini-implementations with functional SME and mini-implementation team.

Monitoring, measuring, and providing feedback on business process performance
Oversees and provides ERP system support and training, including:

Assessing the appropriateness of security permissions and monitoring segregation of duties.

Providing support to all users and handling system support cases, resolving issues, etc.

Developing and overseeing user training for new hires, new enhancements, job reassignments, etc.

Educating business users responsible for managing and operating business processes.

Performing system operational and monitoring functions.

Works with Business users to understand reporting and analytic needs; coordinates with IT personnel in the development of custom reports, email notifications, dashboards, and other analysis tools.

Develops and manages a change management process for business process improvements.

Provides project management expertise. Leads the planning and execution, from start to completion, and works side-by-side with work area management and associated work groups.

Contributes to and supports the existence of a positive work environment through personal involvement by communicating, interacting and behaving in a manner that promotes productive relationships with coworkers, supervisors, customers, and others with whom such relationships are important to the success of company operations.

Performs other duties and ad hoc projects as assigned.

REQUIREMENTS:

Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems, Business Administration, or similar degree.

Five (5) or more years of experience in manufacturing business process.

Plex ERP experience preferred.

Three (3) or more years leading business process projects preferred.

COMPENSATION:

Excellent compensation commensurate with experience. Excellent working conditions. Career potential.

TO APPLY:

Send your resume to us via the APPLY Button appended to this ad, or, via submitbp@peoplefindinc.com

CONFIDENTIALITY:

We appreciate all expressions of interest, however, as a practical matter, only select candidates whose backgrounds best match our client's requirements will be contacted. All resumes are retained and treated confidentially for consideration against future opportunities.

WHO IS PEOPLEFIND INC:

PeopleFind Inc. is an Executive Search and Outplacement firm committed to the delivery of outstanding results. As an owner / member of NPAWorldwide comprising more than 500 independent recruiting firms, PeopleFind has access to hundreds of jobs
