Link Logistics Real Estate (“Link”) is an industrial real estate operating platform owned by The Blackstone Group Inc. Link currently manages a national portfolio of high-quality, well-located industrial assets totaling over 400 million square feet throughout the U.S.
The Operations Analyst is responsible to provide end-user support to the Central Region operations department and assistance to third party property management teams accessing Link’s technology and systems. This position will coordinate miscellaneous reporting and operational tasks and prepare data for special projects, as assigned, in addition to gathering, analyzing, interpreting and preparing operational data for reporting in a specified format.

Participate in the annual budget and quarterly reforecast process.
Assist in the management of property data, including comprehensive review of leases, property agreements, budgets and operating statements.
Coordinate the preparation of presentations to senior management teams or third parties, as required.
Perform a variety of analyses, as assigned.
Develop strong relationships with both the operations and asset management teams, as well as internal support personnel, to help facilitate a streamlined, efficient operations function.
Coordinate miscellaneous reporting and operational tasks and prepare data for special projects, as assigned.
Gather, analyze, interpret and prepare operational data for reporting in a specified format.
Responsible for the collection, aggregation, export of data and input into the Yardi database.
Identify opportunities for process improvement.
Provide support for third party property managers accessing Yardi, SharePoint, Teams, and any other Link utilized system.
Must understand basic commercial lease language.
Excellent oral and written communication skills a must.
Self-motivation, determination, and initiative in a team environment is key.
Must demonstrate a high attention to detail with excellent organizational skills.
Perform other activities as required to ensure a high standard of operation.

2+ years’ experience in real estate, property or project management/operations.
BA or BS in Finance, Real Estate, Accounting, Economics or Business Management or business equivalent experience.
High-level proficiency with Excel.
Previous experience with Yardi or similar platform, Teams or SharePoint a plus.
Ability to work independently and multi-task effectively in a fast-paced work environment.
EEO Statement
Our company is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our employment decisions are based on individual qualifications, job requirements and business needs without regard to race, color, marital status, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, age, religion, disability, citizenship status, national origin, pregnancy, veteran status and or any other legally protected characteristics. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations, if you need an accommodation to complete the application process, please email employment@liprop.com
#LI-MB1
