The Mather Group (TMG) operates as a fee-only, $1 Billion AUM, wealth management firm, specializing in retirement planning for corporate executives and high net worth individuals. The firm was founded in 2001 and became an independent Registered Investment Advisor (RIA) in 2011. TMG was named by Financial Planning Magazine as one of the fastest growing RIAs in the country and was named one of Financial Times top 300 firms in the nation. As they continue to expand their national footprint with offices in multiple states, they seek a Senior Wealth Advisor. As the main point of contact, will actively communicate with clients on a daily basis, providing advice on cash flows/tax planning strategies, estate/insurance issues, identify investment goals/retirement planning needs and implement recommendations with assistance of support staff. In addition, this position will meet with referrals in their territory and effectively close sales with the support of a leading financial planning team.

ABOUT THE MATHER GROUP


The Mather Group is one of the fastest-growing independent, fee-only registered investment advisory firms in the country, offering comprehensive financial planning services with clients’ best interests in mind. We find the most cost-effective investment strategies, and clients pay only for our expert advice—no commissions, no product fees and no hidden fees.

OUR INDUSTRY'S CHALLENGE & OUR SOLUTION


Across our industry, only 9% of financial advisors are obligated to put their clients’ best interests first. What the average investor doesn’t realize is that most advisors hold brokerage licenses that allow them to put their firm's interests ahead of the client's. They are not legally obligated to act in the client’s best interest and can sell investment products for commissions.

The Mather Group is a registered investment advisor with a fiduciary duty to our clients. That means we have a legal obligation to always act in their best interest. When clients chose TMG, there are no conflicts about where their money is held or how it’s managed.

What we're doing differently is educating investors on what the fiduciary responsibility really means, at a time when it's more important than ever.

WE'VE MADE COMPELLING PROGRESS
$3.9 Billion in assets under management
Seven offices in established markets: Chicago, Houston, Dallas, Atlanta, Austin, Philadelphia Area, Knoxville, and San Francisco Bay Area
70 staff members and growing
Named 14th on Forbes 2019 top 100 Registered Investment Advisor List
Named to Barron's Top 100 Independent Advisor List (2018,2019)
Named to Financial Times Top Advisers List (2016, 2017,2018,2019)
about THE POSITION


The role of the Salesforce Administrator – Jr. Business Analyst includes overseeing and implementing the maintenance of current and future systems to drive efficiency with our IT systems, primarily Salesforce. The position requires a strategic thinker with great communication and collaboration skills. The position involves collaborating with individuals from our sales, client services, operations, human resources, accounting, and trading departments to implement streamlined solutions within Salesforce. In this role you will manage and maintain all the functions and utilities that Salesforce has to offer. In this role you will be responsible for mapping and migrating legacy data from external CRMs to Salesforce. The Salesforce Administrator – Jr. Business Analyst will be involved with troubleshooting, problem solving and the details of workflow and process. In this role, you will be the Salesforce resource for end users, promote adoption, stay current on new releases and AppExchange solutions, and provide training as required.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following:
Communicate with all departments across the firm to implement scalable solutions utilizing the Salesforce platform
Migrate CRM data from acquired RIA firms to Salesforce
Create and update internal workflows, business processes, and process builders
Manage data feeds from various platforms including Orion Advisor & MoneyGuidePro
Maintain Salesforce data integrity
Integrate and maintain 3rd party applications installed via Salesforce’s AppExchange
Create dashboards and reports for end users
Update record ownership based on the needs of the sales team
Onboard and offboard employees from the platform
Train employees on platform and create supporting documentation
Provide solutions related to sales, client service and internal processes/administration/accounting
Create and maintain fields, validation rules, record types, assignment rules, custom objects, page layouts, sharing rules, etc.
POSITION REPORTING


The position reports to the Sr. Business Analyst & Technology Manager

CANDIDATE REQUIREMENTS


The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications and attributes:
Bachelor’s degree: Business Admin, Information Systems, Management, Computer Science
Salesforce Administrator Certification
3+ years of experience in supporting/deploying Salesforce.com
In-depth knowledge of Salesforce.com features and capabilities
Experience migrating CRM from other CRMs (Junxure, Tamarac, Redtail, etc.) to Salesforce
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate thoughts and ideas
Self-motivated with ability to work independently
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks and/or projects at one time
Decision‐making skills with the ability to investigate and weigh alternatives and select the course of action that provides the greatest benefit to the organization
Time management skills with the ability to prioritize and schedule daily activities for the most efficient use of time
CANDIDATE PREFERENCES
Salesforce Advanced Administrator
Salesforce Sales Consultant Certification
Salesforce Platform App Builder Certification
Salesforce Pardot Specialist Certification
Experience with the following AppExchange Apps: SMS Magic, Conga Orchestrate, Nintex DocGen
The Mather Group is an equal opportunity employer and welcomes candidates from diverse backgrounds.
