Company Overview

Brookfield Properties has an immediate need for a Portfolio Management Analyst at the corporate office in Chicago, IL.

At Brookfield Properties, the foundation of our success is firmly rooted in our people.

Our company is comprised of experts across a range of specialties who share a goal of ensuring our properties are continuously evolving to meet the needs of our communities and stakeholders. To meet this goal, we hire visionary, entrepreneurial talent who help us innovate and enhance our business. We build collaborative teams who value integrity, creativity and diversity.

Our teams operate an iconic portfolio of irreplaceable properties within the world's most dynamic markets. As one of the largest real estate services companies, we provide management and development expertise exclusively for properties owned by Brookfield Asset Management.

Our retail group operates destination, standalone retail real estate globally, including over 150 malls in the United States. Our regional shopping centers create a sense of place in the heart of the communities in which we do business: offering retail, lifestyle, dining and entertainment options.

Position Overview

The Portfolio Management Analyst will coordinate projects and support the Portfolio Management Department. This individual will perform standard, advanced and confidential duties requiring broad experience, skill and knowledge of organization policies and practices. The person in this role will act as a resource in the areas of training, troubleshooting and independent project facilitation.

Responsibilities:
Support the portfolio management process, including valuation and hold/sell analysis, financing, as well as preparing major decision recommendations and presentations to key stakeholders and decisionmakers, including portfolio boards.
Support Portfolio Manager with the decision-making tools for approval property-level budgets, quarterly reforecasts, development projects and leases that constitute major decisions in underlying fund or partnership documents.
Responsible for inputs, assumptions, and outputs of business plans and quarterly return models, capitalization rates, discount rates including capital allocation decisions and related sensitivity and scenario analysis.
Support preparation of quarterly board materials and other regular reporting for portfolio, and be key analyst supporting the portfolio management function
Support the preparation of investment committee memorandum and present follow-on investment and disposition recommendations.
Coordinate necessary retail research to support business plans and decision making.
Coordinate with BPG operations team (finance, tax, compliance, legal) as appropriate
Other duties as assigned
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree
5 years of experience in a related field
Investment Sales and/or Investment Banking
Advanced Argus user preferred
Experience and comfort building excel financial models and discounted cash flow valuations
Ability to identify trends and give insights/recommendations for action.
Excellent analytical and quantitative skills.
Candidates must have strong analytical financial modeling and valuation skills.
Project planning and self-management skills.
Strong personality and ability to interact across cultures/geographies.
Excellent interpersonal communication skills and the ability to forge strong working relationships.
We are committed to creating a diverse environment and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, age, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law.
