Business Analyst - IIBCforward is currently seeking highly motivated Business Analyst - II for an opportunity in Chicago, IL 60654

Summary

Job title: Business Analyst - II

Location: Chicago, IL 60654

Expected Duration: 6 months

Hours: 6am to 3pm ideally but looking for someone who can be flexible and come in early or leave later. Available to work weekends as needed.

Performance Objectives:
Proven results with implementing standard procurement best practices, building strong relationships with internal customers and suppliers, and consulting on procurement best practices for cross-functional project teams.
Understanding of process and cost modeling involved in technology sourcing
Knowledge of key business operations and ability to find efficiency gains and cost advantages through next generation technology
Collect information and analyze supplier market data, including industry structure and demographics, supplier performances, cost dynamics, etc.
Maintaining supplier databases around manufacturing forecasts and measurement of key performance indicators, Service Level agreements and other metrics
Understanding of business contract law, and experience with negotiating contracts (i.e. Master Agreements & Statement of Works) for the procurement of hardware commodities and components.
Implement proactive procurement philosophies, strategies, policies, procedures, and systems where necessary.
Influence cross-functional organizations while enhancing strong internal relationships in order to meet business requirements and cost objectives.
Position Requirements:
BS degree in Supply Chain Management, or Engineering, plus 2-3 years experience or equivalent.
A technical education, or technical knowledge in network, data-center, telecom commodities
Strong attention to detail.
Strong presentation skills with the ability to analyze and explain pricing models and contract terms.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong interpersonal skills.
Excellent relationship management skills, as well as the ability to work collaboratively with suppliers, internal business customers and senior management.
Proficiency in Google / Microsoft Office applications (i.e. Docs/Word, PowerPoint and Excel)
Proficiency in Lucid Charts and Tableau
Work well under pressure, ability to multitask and skilled time manager that is comfortable working under minimal supervision
About BCforward:

BCforward began as an IT business solution and staffing firm. Founded in 1998, BCforward has grown with our customers' needs into a full-service personnel solution's organization. Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, BCforward also operates numerous delivery centers across North America and India. We are currently the largest consulting firm and largest MBE certified firm in Indiana. Our uninterrupted growth has allowed BCforward to deliver uniquely configured IT staffing and project solutions for over the years of catering to our customers' specific needs. BCforward currently maintains a team of over 5000 global resources. With our additional brand, Stafforward, together we have the capabilities to deliver services for a variety of industries in both public and private sectors which allows us to address your most challenging needs.

www.BCforward.com

www.facebook.com/bcforward

We must inform you that during the hiring process, we may ask for you to disclose and provide us with various categories of your personal information, including identifiers such as your name and address, professional information, commercial information, education information, and other related information. Please note that we will only use this information to facilitate and complete the recruiting process. This posting is not an offer of employment. All applicants must be authorized to work in the United States and willing to cooperate with a background check and drug screen, to the extent permitted by federal and local laws up to and including both criminal and financial reviews. The submission of intentionally false or fraudulent information in response to this job posting shall render the applicant ineligible for the position. BCforward is an equal opportunity employer. Any subsequent offer of employment shall be considered employment at will regardless of the anticipated assignment duration.

Interested candidates please send resume in Word format Please reference job code 107892 when responding to this ad.

Job Requirements:
