Job Description
Company Description

Bosch is a leading global supplier of technology and services with more than 400,000 employees worldwide. The Bosch Group manufactures and markets automotive OE and aftermarket products, industrial automation and mobile products, power tools and accessories, security technology and packaging equipment.

Bosch aims to enhance quality of life with solutions that are both innovative and beneficial. Join a team that combines state of the art technology with sustainable growth and a proven track record of performance while offering a strong culture of work, life balance. Invented for life and improving people's lives every day...We are Bosch!

Job Description

Are you an SAP-WM/LE Consultant searching for a home? We are looking for your expertise to assist with the rollout of our up-coming SAP Implementation.

Outstanding opportunity to work along the side of one the most exciting technology introduction supporting Automotive Aftermarket in NA. Introduction of several SAP system has a big influence on the organization. This position work closely with process experts from IT and business to highlight changes needed in the organization to support future processes.

Engaging all aspect of the business to embrace change is the focus of this position. Progress tracking and Key Performance Indicators (KPI) development for the purpose of management and stake holder reporting.

Excellent opportunity to learn how business works and learn from Organization Change Management industry leaders to support IT project.
Provide expert level of business process guidance on SAP requirements and design, specifically in the area of Warehouse Management (Inventory Management, Storage Bin management, Warehouse control, Goods movements, Radio Frequency (RF) and related Master Data) and Logistics Execution (Goods Receipt, Goods Issue, Physical Inventory, Quality Management and related Master
Data).
Being a Process expert of warehouse management and logistics execution module,
ensure business requirements are gathered and map all required processes
in the ERP system (SAP).
Provide consultancy in the respective module for the best practice processes.
Initiate necessary business process re-engineering in order to have effective and efficient operations.
Serves as process lead role for SAP warehouse Management module related to all warehouse processes and related master data
Serves as process lead role for Logistics Execution module covering both inbound and outbound logistics
Provide expert level consultancy in SAP warehouse management and its integration to sales and procurement processes
Co-ordinates and support in defining MM (Materials Management), SD (Sales and Distribution) and QM (Quality Management) module subsequent processes (like outbound, inbound, Quality process).
Proactively supports the business processes with issue identification, resolution and process optimization.
Proactively analyze the evolving SAP capabilities to meet the business requirements and work with key users to implement the process in the organization.
Identify cross-functional topics and ensure the processes are aligned across modules with the support of Sub-Project leader.
Detects and escalates necessary process decisions in the project regular meeting.
Coordinates all training activities according to training concept and plan.
Coordinates all testing activities and contributes to test plan creation.
Coordinates data clean-up/migration activities with IT process consultant to support key users and team Members.
Support the key user community with user mentoring, process documentation, and end user training.
Work with the key users to maintain process documentation and training tools.
Act as contact window for IT process consultant to clarify open points and provide final decisions to IT process consultant (Second Level Support).
Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree required.
5+ years of SAP WM/LE experience
Experience with implementation of WM/LE modules; minimum 2-3 end to end implementations.
Demonstrated experience and ability to translate technical requirements for business needs.
Demonstrated experience in providing solution based recommendations to support implementation efforts.
Possess analytical and communication skills and ability to interact with business users
This position is for U.S. work authorized individuals only. Sponsorship for work authorization is not available.
Additional Information

By choice, we are committed to a diverse workforce-EOE/Protected Veteran/Disabled
