Job Summary

Responsible for conducting very complex and thorough research of existing processes, systems, systems logic, hardware deployment and desired objectives to develop detailed systems specifications to meet the needs of the assigned client group and their projects under development. This position examines existing manual and automated processes, documentation and training requirements, and the capacities and limitations of existing, or proposed hardware in order to develop comprehensive specifications in a formal and structured way. Implements activities that generally impact important components / processes of the work of own unit / team / projects. Typically assigned to important / complicated undertakings. Receives work in the form of short- and mid-term assignments that regularly require the application of independent judgment.

Job Responsibilities
Gathers and analyzes internal business requirements by means of interviews, workflow analyses and facilitated discussions with users.
Translates users' business requirements into detailed functional designs for development, testing and implementation.
Applies methodologies such as Unified Modeling Language ("UML") and Rational Unified Process ("RUP") and prepares detailed specifications using case statements and related documentation.
Identifies and communicates risks and issues impacting business rules, functional requirements and specifications.
Participates in and contributes to managing the scope of applications and related changes.
Assists quality assurance with functional test case reviews.
Collaborates with stakeholders on the evaluation of the feasibility, effort and costs to implement requirements.
Creates training materials and may assist with user orientation and training.
Interacts with internal and external peers and managers to exchange complex information related to areas of specialization. Serves as a liaison between engineering, quality assurance and non-technical stakeholders throughout the development and deployment process.
Anticipates and prevents problems and roadblocks before they occur.
Performs as subject matter advisor to less experienced team members. May participate in teaching and training members of work team.
Mentors less experienced members of the team.
Walgreens (walgreens.com), one of the nation's largest drugstore chains, is included in the Retail Pharmacy USA Division of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (Nasdaq: WBA), a global leader in retail and wholesale pharmacy. Walgreens is proud to be a neighborhood health, beauty and retail destination supporting communities across the country, and was named to FORTUNE* magazines 2019 Companies that Change the World list. Approximately 8 million customers interact with Walgreens in stores and online each day. As of August 31, 2019, Walgreens operates 9,277 drugstores with a presence in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, along with its omnichannel business, Walgreens.com. Walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the United States, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's Degree and at least 5 years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst OR a High School Diploma/GED and at least 8 years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst.
At least 3 years of experience with technical design process and models.
At least 3 years of experience with requirements specification and development, such as process/functional requirements definition methods, JAD/RAD sessions, use case development, process flow diagrams.
At least 2 years of experience with of SDLC / SW development processes, such as Unified Modeling Language ("UML") and / or Rational Unified Process ("RUP"), Agile, Waterfall).
Experience using consulting skills and developing client relationships.
Experience using analytical skills, tools and techniques to investigate information and to draw conclusions.
Experience in identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems.
Willing to travel up to 10% of the time for business purposes (within state and out of state).
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Mathematics
Master's Degree or MBA
Experience interacting at the executive level.
Experience developing and delivering on strategies and objectives.
