Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Washington, DC

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It's what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world's leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast-the first time. So, you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

Job Description:

The Business Process Analyst will be part of an Accenture team and will support the requirements gathering, workflow development, and data analysis for a client IT department. The analyst will interface directly with various levels of client positions including department-level CIOs collecting business and technical requirements that support the consolidation and migration of client networks and IT environments. The analyst will be responsible for a diverse set of task areas including: IT network consolidation planning, PMO support, Information Management, and Records Managment. This individual should have strong problem solving skills, demonstrated ability to think critically, self-motivated attitude, and ability to resolve tasks to completion. Experience / familiarity within DoD client environment is a plus. #CJ
