Location:
Chicago, IL

Job Terms:
Temporary

Start date:
07/06/2020

Posted By:
James Ward

Date:
06/17/2020

Job Description:

About This Role: In a fast-moving and increasingly complex global economy, our client’s success depends on how faithfully they adhere to core principles: deliver exceptional client service; act with integrity; and support the growth of employees across all diversities, men and woman of color, military and vets, LGBT. With this motto in mind, we invite you to join the Team on this 6 months freelance assignment in Chicago, IL, 401k provided, healthcare benefits (dental, health, vision), 5 paid sick days, more.

What You Will Do:
As Lead Product Designer / UX Architect in the Wholesale Payments Group, you will be rresponsible for all stages of UX Design, think strategically while executing with attention to detail.
Our client is embarking on a transformation into the future of client servicing by incorporating emerging technologies into the products they create. This Team sits in the Wholesale Payments arm (serving corporate clients), leverages such technologies to develop and refine tools considered most essential to our clients and internal middle office employees to service these clients.
You will successfully collaborate with other designers, product managers, and tech engineers to develop innovative, user- friendly, products as well as provide solutions for critical areas within the user-flow. You must have a solid understanding of user-centered design principles, absolute comfort working with HTML and CSS, excellent visual design skills, great technical know-how, and proven expertise in designing for the Web/Digital experiences.
Help define the user model(s) and user interface for new and existing products and features. Develop high level and/or detailed storyboards, mockups and prototypes to effectively communicate interaction and design ideas.
The successful candidate will join this unique and specialized team that provides product strategy and delivery capabilities for client-facing applications
The ideal candidate is, above all, a maker and enjoys balancing craft with an academic interest in theory and science of Interaction Design, HCI, and user-centered design methodologies, is detail-oriented and appreciates the value of visual aesthetics across everything the client does and confidently translate business problems and requirements into compelling UIs
Define and drive the overall process of Interaction Design/Information Architecture for complex highly functional business applications
Both formally or informally uncover user needs and contexts via primary and secondary
research techniques and leverage your learnings to come up with the big idea
Create, present, and document proposed solutions from the big ideas to the smallest components which might include interaction models and flows, screen and component states, data and information hierarchies
What You Need:
8 years of experience working as a user experience professional, Master's degree preferred
Evaluated the goals and opportunities of an initiative and then worked to craft a program of work for the UX work stream which has included user research and synthesis, concepting, design, QA, and deployment.
Experience designing applications within complex business domains similar to financial services
Demonstrable experience designing rich interactions for desktop, web, hand-held form factors
Master’s degree preferred or equivalent advanced degree is preferred for our Lead roles.
Track record of successful deliveries and a strong portfolio that highlights their ideas and end-product.
A portfolio with samples of work must be reviewed before an interview will be scheduled.
What is it like working with Aquent? I’m glad you asked! Freelancing long-term with Aquent gets you access to some pretty cool things including:
Subsidized health and dental benefits after your first four weeks of work (averaging at least 20 hrs./wk)
Access to Fidelity 401(k), access to FSA Program; direct deposit for your paycheck
Access to our Talent Rewards Program (we reward for referrals!); free online courses via Aquent's Gymnasium, to help you develop your skills: http://gymnasium.aquent.com
Aquent support: your Aquent Agent checks in with you during the course of your contract to make sure you're happy and progressing according to your expectations (we're also there to be looking for new opportunities for you when you're close to wrapping up)
That’s it! The rest is up to you, if you are interested in this amazing opportunity please send your resume to: jward@aquent.com
