Job Description
Kranze Technology Solutions develops complex, customized cutting edge aircraft avionics hardware and software systems supporting survivability, situational awareness, interoperability, and data collection systems. KTS is seeking a Multi-Disciplined Program Analyst to support Finance, Contracts, and Supply Chain efforts for Program Managers in developing, fielding, and sustaining these avionics systems.
Support Program Management and Engineering operations
Financials - Support financial reporting, analysis, summaries, estimate at complete calculations, program budget layout, cost control systems, and proposal generation
Supply Chain - Support BOM reviews, procurement strategy, procurement, receiving, and inventory operations.
Contracts - Support review of contracting actions, prepare forecasts, identify new vehicles, develop proposal support, and perform analysis
Qualifications and Skills
Bachelor’s or Master’s degree (preferred) in Finance, Contracts, or Supply chain with three or more years of work experience
Served as a rotational program support contributor in any major defense contractor company for two years
U.S. Citizen and ability to obtain Security Clearance
Experience in Finance, Contracts, and Supply Chain
Earned Value Management
Proficient with Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, and Word
About Kranze Technology Solutions, Inc

Kranze Technology Solutions, Inc. is a defense industry small business company specializing in Infrared Countermeasures (IRCM) systems, digital interoperability and networking, and program support for the US Navy, US Marine Corps, and SOCOM. KTS provides hardware and software product development, systems of systems integration, system test and evaluation support, modeling and simulation analysis, and other engineering services to support the Warfighter. KTS offers a casual, flexible and entrepreneurial work environment with a close-knit team of dedicated leading professionals in multiple fields. KTS provides each team member significant opportunity to solve a wide variety of complex technical challenges in small teams while working hand in hand with our defense customers.

Benefits

Kranze Technology Solutions is proud to provide competitive benefits to all full time employees including:
Comprehensive Leave plan (Paid Time Off)
Comprehensive Health Care package including Vision, Dental, Health Savings Account (HSA), and more
Generous Simplified Employee Pension (SEP) retirement plan
Paid Overtime
Flex Time and Flexible Scheduling
Opportunities to work remotely and travel
Tuition Reimbursement options
Casual and relaxed work environment
KTS is an equal opportunity employer and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any kind. All applicants will be considered for employment without regards to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, or any other segmenting characteristics protected by law.

Powered by JazzHR

WPewpJuS8V
