The Business Intelligence Consultant role will serve as a key expert in understanding, extrapolating, and standardizing large amounts of data in CNO's complex data environment. This role will be expected to lead the design and creation of data sets that will assist members of the Enterprise Operations reporting team in drawing key insights from our various data sources. This role will also be responsible for utilizing advanced reporting tools to create dashboards, visualizations, algorithms, reports, etc... that address business requirements.

Key Job Responsibilities and Accountability:
Responsible for developing, analyzing, and evaluating information/data to create and maintain business intelligence that supports the strategic objectives of Enterprise Operations.
Create and execute recurring and ad hoc queries/reports/dashboards from the various data warehouse universes and databases to ensure timely delivery of data and insights
Analyze complex business problems and assess how automated reporting mechanisms can be implemented to solve them
Work in partnership with business analysts, data architects and database developers to further develop and refine data warehousing solution, extraction, reporting and visualization solutions.
Understand and apply continuous improvement processes, policies, and procedures and internal control standards to ensure "One Source of Truth" reporting
Assist business partners as needed with the creation of analytic models and presentation of data and intelligence
Other duties as assigned
Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:
Advanced knowledge of BI tools and Dashboard software (Tableau, Business Objects, etc.)
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills required (macros, vlookups, pivot tables, etc.)
Advanced ability to extract large quantities of complex data and develop/automate reports utilizing Alteryx.
Ability to develop automated visualizations that easily and effectively communicate complex analytical results to business partners
Distinctive problem solving and analytical skills combined with strong business acumen
Knowledge or experience with how data can be used to advise the operational decision making process
Strong written and verbal communication
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree, in a related discipline, or equivalent
Math/Statistics, Business, Computer Science (Preferred)
Typically, up minimum of five years of related work experience.
LOMA and ITIL certifications a plus
