THE COMPANY:

YCharts enables its customers to make smarter investment decisions and effectively communicate their strategies and insights. Our cloud-based financial data and investment research platform provides investment advisors, asset managers, and institutional and retail investors with comprehensive data, powerful visualization tools and advanced analytics. YCharts has transitioned from a fintech startup to a thriving growth company (three-time Inc. 5000 Fastest Growing Company) that offers investors a strong alternative to Bloomberg at a fraction of the price. With Morningstar as a lead investor, YCharts proudly services more than 4,000 firms, including industry-leading names such as TD Ameritrade, Fidelity, Charles Schwab, John Hancock, Northwestern Mutual, Investopedia, WealthManagement.com, and Seeking Alpha.

THE POSITION:

We are seeking a quick-witted Marketing Analyst with a tremendous work ethic and knowledge of financial markets, investing and the wealth management landscape. In this role, you will be a catalyst that helps the marketing team and YCharts as a whole reach our growth objectives. The primary aim of this role is to create content that educates prospects and empowers customers to experience the value of the YCharts platform. Using a range of formats and marketing channels, you will develop campaign-level concepts, test for their effectiveness, and optimize content to increase conversions and delight existing customers. Weâre looking for a gifted storyteller and all-around team player who can contribute to a wide range of marketing projects while closely connecting the dots to track and report on key performance indicators.

The Marketing Analyst will work closely with the Marketing team, Product Managers, Sales and Customer Success team members to provide valuable content related to each business function and their goals.

WHAT YOUâLL BE DOING:
Create high quality, investing/finance oriented content that drives our product messaging and key benefits through digital mediums like our blog posts, webinars and website
Develop value-add materials to enable various sales teams and verticals to sell effectively
Assist on execution of our comprehensive marketing plan and build systems to accurately measure the success of marketing efforts
Build go-to-market plans for new products and features, targeting both existing and prospective clients
Audit and optimize content for relevance, quality and consistency across marketing channels, adjusting content efforts to support marketing team objectives and conform to best practices
Serve as an integral voice during marketing and content brainstorming, and provide feedback on digital assets to ensure accuracy, grammar, voice and style.
Support efforts to further advance our SEO strategy as it applies to blog posts and other content
ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS:
BS in Marketing, Finance or Economics
Demonstrated interest and passion for investing, economics and/or personal finance
0-2 years of relevant work experience (preferably a SaaS or financial services company) OR relevant internships, if a recent graduate.
Strong business writing skills with exceptional attention to detail
Must be self-starting, creative and willing to proactively generate ideas
Ability to develop positive working relationships in a team environment
Proficiency in YCharts & Hubspot a plus
Knowledge of SEO a plus
Y YCHARTS?:
American Banker's #1 "2020 Best Fintechs to Work For"
Crain's "Best Places to Work 2020"
The Startup Weekly's "2020 Software Companies to Watch"
Deloitte's "2019 Technology Fast 500"
Chicago Inno's "2019 50 on Fire"
G2's "2019 Top 50 B2B Tech Companies in Chicago"
Financial Planning's #3 "2019 Best Fintechs to Work For"
2018 and 2019 Inc. 5000 "Fastest Growing Companies" (Top 25%)
InvestmentNews' "Biggest Fintech Innovations for 2019"
2019 and 2020 "WealthTech 100"
2018 and 2019 Technology Tools for Today & Inside Informationâs âœTop Tool Advisors Are Thinking About Addingâ
PERKS & REC:
Competitive pay
Full medical and dental coverage (100% paid by YCharts for you and your family)
Spacious office in River North, Chicago (although we are all currently working from home)
Fridge stocked with food and drinks
Rotating selection of high-quality coffees
Craft beer, kombucha and cold brew on tap
Company outings such as happy hours, Cubs games and Whirlyball (once we are back in the office!)
Regular continued education via âœStarbucks and Studyâ
Opportunity to join kickball, basketball, softball and bowling leagues
Company-wide incentives including "Summer Hours" and dinner credits if you need to work late.
The position offers an opportunity to work with amazing, talented co-workers who are building a differentiated and compelling product. We have a great work/life balance, many team activities, and a casual working environment with professional work ethics.

YCharts is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity in our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, or disability status.

If you are passionate about fintech and were interested in the above, please submit your resume today!

Learn more about our culture (video).

Powered by JazzHR
