Description

At Exelon, we've got a place for you!

Join the nation's leading competitive energy provider, with one of the largest electricity generation portfolios and retail customer bases in the country. You will be part of a family of companies that strives for the highest standards of power generation, competitive energy sales, and energy delivery. Our team of outstanding professionals is focused on performance, thought leadership, innovation, and the power of ideas that come from a diverse and inclusive workforce.

Exelon will provide you the tools and resources you need to design, build and enhance a successful career. We are also dedicated to motivating the success of our employees through competitive base salary, incentives, and health and retirement benefits.
Join Exelon and share your passion at a forward-thinking Fortune 100 company. Establish yourself in a place where you can truly shine and create a brighter, more sustainable tomorrow. Energize your career at Exelon!
PRIMARY PURPOSE OF POSITION

As a Microsoft Business Intelligence (BI) developer, using Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies: SSAS, SSIS, SSRS; manages activities relating to planning, designing, building, and maintaining high quality solutions, products and processes.

Creates and assigns detailed tasks to subordinates. Has budget responsibility for a small project, sub-project or process component. This role provides imperative oversight to the daily operations of the Data Analytics & Reporting team (governance, oversight, and report development) for all of the Tech Ops organization.

The role will help guide and oversee the build out of a critical data warehouse and the supporting reports using the state of art Microsoft Reporting stack that is critical to our infrastructure organization and the business units we support.

PRIMARY DUTIES AND ACCOUNTABILITIES

Perform, manage and appropriately document work activities relating to projects, sub-projects, or processes.

For projects: plan, design, and build high quality IT software solutions in accordance with IT project management standards.

For operations and application maintenance and support: plan and lead IT activities required to manage service level agreements. Assist others in planning and prioritizing work and work schedule.

Assist in creation of documentation for products and services. Use best practices to improve products and services provided to business unit partners, and monitor adherence within Team/Group to standards as defined within the Management Model

Maintain and enhance engagement with business and IT partners and other stakeholders

Establish positive team environment by proactively assisting and training less experienced personnel. Provide performance and development feedback as required

Maintain technical knowledge and business acumen within own discipline or function

Must have MS SQL 2012/2014/2016 SSAS experience, knowledge of Azure Analysis Service a plus

Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related discipline and typically 5 to 8 years relevant experience.

Experience using Microsoft Business Intelligence technologies: Power BI, SSAS, SSIS, SSRS, or have worked with similar Business Intelligence products (OBIEE, COGNOS, etc.)

Experience building Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence solutions.

Experience creating SQL queries from scratch (including complex stored procedures) and data processes.

Expert knowledge with OLAP (SSAS, Cubes) and MDX query syntax.
Experience with Data Integration tools, Microsoft Stack, Talend, Informatica, Abinitio, knowledge of Azure Data Bricks, Azure Data Factory a plus
Experience leading small IT projects or sub-teams and knowledge of IT project management.
Strong problem solving and analysis ability.
Excellent communications skills (written and verbal)
Ability to work with remote project teams

Qualifications

Utilizes understanding of customers business needs to determine requirements
Applies technical expertise to plan, design, build or support required products and processes
Helps other team members learn appropriate theories, practices and principles that relate to their skill set portfolio
As assigned, manage budget for area of responsibility
Expected to work under minimal supervision

Exelon is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and employees or applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to: age, color, disability, gender, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or any other classification protected by federal, state, or local law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor

EEO is the Law Poster
