Business Analyst

The business analyst identifies and develops the conceptual solution and business requirements for the information management program or project. This includes facilitating customer meetings to identify analytic processes and key performance indicators. The business analyst will capture and formalize this information to develop the business strategy and business requirements. They are then responsible for the successful delivery of a solution that meets customer requirements and supports the overall strategy and scalability identified during the strategy and roadmap phase. Individuals must have strong interpersonal skills to facilitate requirements gathering, quality reviews, deliverable approvals, and project/program decisions with key stakeholders and project teams. Candidates must have a proven track record of successful project delivery with increasing responsibility over time.

Skills & Responsibilities:
Develop business cases for information management projects including development of ROI, NPV, and risk estimating
Expert understanding of users' needs by facilitating and gathering user requirements and preferences and leading/recommending solutions that meet these needs
Implement/participate in MDM, metadata, profiling, and information quality projects or programs
Identify business requirements and ensuring designs adequately meet the requirements of the project while remaining aligned with the overall program strategy and architecture
Identify quality assurance criteria and test cases
Regulatory requirements
Industry best practices
Capture and refining the 'as is' and 'to be' business processes, especially as they pertain to information management and program delivery
Key Requirements:
Broad knowledge of the upstream operation model (facility management, drilling, completion, production, land, geoscience, reservoir management, etc)
Proven consulting skills (has worked for a consultant company)
Good communication skills
Good understand of Information Technology (databases, integration, data models, cloud services, web services, etc.) but doesn't have to be a developer.
Knows how to translate data problems, process problems, into data management solutions
Understands the components of good data management
Willingness to travel
Project Communication:
Conduct and facilitate business requirements and quality reviews
Review user adoption of deliverables and acceptance testing
Ensure project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately
Industry Expertise:
Must have a minimum of 5 years experience working in information management within the upstream oil & gas energy sector.
Education:
A BA or BS degree is required for this position
A degree in an energy discipline (e.g. geology, petrophysics) or engineering is preferred
EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
