Job Description
Sr. Salesforce Systems/Business Analyst
Location: NW Chicago Suburbs
Duration: 6 month with potential for extension

The Salesforce System/Business Analyst role is a globalrole that supports and drives Sales and Service tool utilization working with cross functional teams to include Sales, Marketing, Commercial Operation, IT and external vendors/consultants. The community is + 1000 users supporting 20 selling units.

This individual will be work as part of a support team that is responsible for all system administrative duties, act as the first line subject matter expert and in-house consultant/advisor as it relates to the use of Salesforce Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, FSL, Quoting-LCPQ and DOMO to sustain and grow the current infrastructure.

This role will be the Level2 - Expert for FSL and Service Cloud.

In addition, this role will be part of a growth team to implement/rollout a global extension of: Service Cloud and Field Service Lightning solution to the EU and Asia service team. Additionally, this individual will be the administrator of the EU region and perform basic updates, such asadd/delete users, and adding basic custom fields as the need arises.

The role includes supporting salesforce community by, but not limited to, being the voice of the customer, training, creating dashboards, reports, preparing ad-hoc analysis of data, supporting integration, validation, spec/implement change, supporting salesforce configuration.

In the growth team, this individual will be working closely with the user community and team to define/documentsprocess, configure/testing in Salesforce, training documentation and rollout.

Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud and Field Service Lightning major PLUS

Experience with a large + 1000 global multi language/multi-currency implementation with integration to ERP/QUOTING is critical to the success/growth of this role.

Foundational understanding of SAP: customer and product master data, pricing and order management is strongly preferred.

RequiredExperience/Skills:

5 + years w/ Salesforce experience required: all configuration basics: roles/profiles/fields/pagelayouts, validation, workflow, workbench, process builder, process flow, reports, dashboards, ERPintegration concepts/specs (certification desirable but not required)

5+ years relevant experience working in some capacity supporting sales, marketing or service

3+ System/Business Analyst experience required

Project Management - take a leadership role in enhancements and deployment to countries acrossEurope and Asia Pacific.

Define plan, process, test, and implementation schedules

Understand SAP or other ERP systems - query / data mining / database management experiencerequired

Understanding of full development cycle, building specification, testing results, audit and improving

Good documentation skills / detail orientated

Multi-tasker/Teammate

High degree of proficiency with Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel)

Problem solving problems skills for the following: SFDC CRM and Services:

Technical skills: apex, writing and supporting triggers, sql basics, informatica is a pluslSalesforce Service Cloud and Field Service Lightning is a plus
