Essential Duties
Assist loan officers in qualifying loans and thoroughly documenting credit requests in appropriate format.
Obtain pertinent financial and credit data to assist in determining the risk of the credit requests.
Spread financial statements to complete financial and repayment analysis with a focus on cash flow, liquidity and leverage analysis.
Evaluate collateral adequacy, industry risk, purpose and viability of business, as well as strengths and weaknesses of credit requests.
Make calls with lenders on prospective and existing clients at their place of business while maintaining appropriate business etiquette.
Strive to minimize turnaround time while thoroughly documenting credit requests.
Track& update loan exceptions in a back-up capacity for the department’s Credit Document Specialist.
Scan, index, and file credit documents in a back-up capacity for the department’s Administrative Assistant.
Run various reports as needed in a back-up capacity for the department’s Chief Credit Officer.
Interact positively with other departments and offices of the Bank to achieve a teamwork environment by maintaining external and internal customer service.
Set personal goals and image that produces positive results for the Bank.
Maintain compliance with Bank policies, procedures and federal and state regulations.
Requirements
Previous experience underwriting commercial and real estate credits. Banking experience preferred. Completion of banking courses encouraged.
•\tAbility to read and interpret financial analysis. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence that is professional in appearance and grammatically correct. Good communication and customer service skills required. Must be personable yet professional when dealing with both internal and external customers. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
•\tAbility to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, percentages, and key industry ratios.
•\tAbility to offer alternate credit structures. Ability to interpret spreads and ratios in relation to company performance.
•\tTo perform this job successfully, an individual should have good computer skills and be proficient with MS Word, Excel and Outlook.
