The Business Analyst accomplishes objectives through the analysis of business functions and process requirements. The Business Analyst interacts with local operations managers and their team to develop business processes based on project requirements. The Business Analyst is also able to communicate directly with clients to further refine processes based on client needs. The Business Analyst interacts with the IT organization to translate project requirements into deliverable systems.

HORNE Values…
A forward-thinking, anticipatory professional driven by a passion to pursue your full potential and dreams.
A work environment that promotes collaboration, consistency and community service to empower people.
An inclusive culture that promotes career/life integration and invests in developing people in areas of focused expertise.
HORNE Offers…
An unrivaled distinctive, special culture that values collaboration, innovation and positive energy which HORNE calls the Wise Firm©.
A team of professionals grounded in strong, personal relationships and a sense of belonging to a common purpose for adding value and making a difference.
A dedicated team of individuals from diverse backgrounds working together to leave our clients better than we found them.
“Fearless Unrivaled Flexibility”– It’s about results, not the hours you work.
Required Experience and Education
Two (2) to five (5) years’ experience as a Business Analyst or Project Manager, demonstrating a progression in complexity, scope, and number of projects managed
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, accounting, and/or business discipline preferred
How you impact HORNE and our clients…
Work with operational management to establish scope, deliverables and resources requirements
Conduct needs assessments and requirements gathering while developing business process models in order to meet project goals
Coordinate with IT to support systems development required for program operations, including, but not limited to, development of user stories and user acceptance testing
Support training of staff members, providing guidance for the use of project systems
Resolve issues and solve problems throughout the project lifecycle
Communicate project’s progress, problems, resolutions, and other business concerns to appropriate stakeholders in a clear, accurate, and timely manner
Develop tools and best practices for project execution
Possess excellent communication and written skills
Ability to think outside of the box and perform root cause analysis
Ability to learn quickly and lead in adapting to new technologies
Ability to manage multiple priorities, commitments and projects
Self-starter but ability to work well in team environment
Position may require travel
Other tasks that may be required to complete project requirements
HORNE is looking for…
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is preferred
Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) or equivalent certification is a plus
Proficiency in use of business analysis and project management tools required
Experience with M-Files, Hyland OnBase or another ECM solution is a plus
Proficiency in Microsoft SQL, Power BI, and SSRS is a plus
