HCSS, an innovative construction software company based in Sugar Land (southwest of Houston) and a 13-time winner of the "Best Companies to Work for in Texas" is looking for Technical Support Analysts who are independent thinkers who blend their service-oriented mindset and tech skills to solve business problems on the fly. We don't use scripts; we use our heads and our hearts. If you're a tech junkie with great people skills and the aptitude to learn our software, we would like you to consider joining our superhero squad of first responders.

With a team motto of "three rings or less", you'll be working with a group of collaborative peers passionate about the customer experience.

Some of the items you'll tackle include:
Providing instant world-class service to HCSS customers through multiple channels (phone, chat, email, social, etc.)
Taking ownership of learning HCSS products in addition to the training provided
Continuously creating helpful documentation through the capture of relevant information during each support interaction
Career growth is not just a phrase we throw around here. Our Support team members develop mastery-level knowledge of HCSS software, the construction industry, and real needs of our customers, forming a solid foundation for many paths. Some grow into management roles within Support while others serve as product and information technology experts; some branch out into Software Development or Professional Services, and some even grow into Director and VP roles!

If you're looking for more of a "traditional" list of skills, here's some that can set you apart… but by no means should you be deterred from applying if you don't meet every single one of them.
Preference for at least a year of exposure to a customer service environment (think retail or hospitality). If you're a recent new grad, this is a perfect opportunity for you to jumpstart your career!
You're constantly catching up on topics and trends in technology.
You're amazing at troubleshooting difficult technology problems
You're a quick learner and can independently learn new software
You're familiar with Android and iOS mobile platforms
You have a basic knowledge of IPv4 networking
You have a basic understanding of databases and web services
You have intermediate knowledge of Windows Desktop Operating Systems (7/8/10)
Your schedule will be determined by your manager. The more flexible you are with your schedule, the more likely you are to be hired by HCSS. Example shifts can include Monday - Friday from 11 am - 8 pm or 1 - 10 pm, which may be outside normal business hours. Availability to take rotating night and weekend calls (as needed) is required too.

With the variety of amazing perks we offer to all employees (including 100% paid medical and dental premiums, on-site wellness amenities, employee stock ownership, and more), we recognize that no one wants to feel stagnant. Therefore we'll provide you with the resources to grow further through our continuous learning and educational advancement funds.

What are you waiting for? It's time to take charge of your career and make your impact. The sky's the limit on what you can achieve!

*NOTE:

Part of our recruitment process includes a math/logic test. HCSS will send you an email within the week after you apply with the test link. In case this is not in your inbox, please also check your spam/junk mail folder. If this is a re-application for the same position, please utilize the test link that was sent to you in your original application.

Our hiring process can be found here. If you have any questions or encounter issues with the test, please reach out to us at recruiting@hcss.com.

This is NOT a contract position, remote during COVID-19, and at this time we are NOT sponsoring H1-B Visas*
