Company Overview
Pattern Energy is an independent, fully integrated energy company that develops, constructs, owns and operates renewable energy projects and transmission assets across North America and parts of Latin America. The company focuses primarily on wind and transmission, with limited investments in other generation technologies
The Pattern Energy team has a history as one of the top North American renewable energy and transmission providers in the industry. The team is dedicated to delivering the highest value for its customers, partners, financial supporters and the communities in which it works, while exhibiting a strong commitment to promoting environmental stewardship and corporate responsibility.
Pattern Energy operates in the United States and Canada, with offices in San Francisco, Houston, San Diego, New York and Toranto. Pattern Energy's corporate headquarters are in San Francisco.

Job Purpose
This position is responsible for financial analysis, due diligence support and Operations and Maintenance (O&M) expense modeling. Work duties include research, data analysis, valuation and assessment across a broad range of energy finance and M&A transactions, primarily in wind, solar and transmission. This role focuses on the expenditures related to the O&M function over the life a project. In addition, this position may assist in operational program coordination and/or management.
The Operations Supply Chain team is seeking an experienced financial Analyst to support the group and key internal stakeholders.The role will manage O&M financial modeling, and have exposure to various business functions, including operations, finance, development, asset management, engineering and accounting. The financial analyst will have in-depth knowledge of the Operations and Maintenance (O&M) function, expenditures and forecasts across Pattern’s wind, solar and transmission portfolio.
Key Responsabilities
Develops O&M financial models and analysis for new projects, project financing activities and periodic portfolio long term assessments.
Creates, updates and improves expense modelling for Solar O&M, Wind O&M and Transmission O&M.
Supports development activities and due diligence efforts for O&M. Responds to information requests from internal stakeholders, Independent Engineering firms, and financial institutions.
Identifies and quantifies key O&M cost drivers and perform sensitivities.
Analyses historical O&M spend to verify and update operational expense forecasts and estimates for annual budgeting cycle.
Develops and/or improves user input forms to streamline data collection from various departments.
Works with other internal teams, including finance, development, asset management, and project management, to compile user inputs for new development projects.
Evaluates O&M Model alignment to actual spend for Operating Sites.
Prepares gap analysis and works with Supply Chain, Engineering and Sites to understand any disparities.
Presents detailed models to senior management for review and approval
Supports the Operations team in other initiatives, which may involve strategic sourcing, program coordination, and inventory management projects.

Experience/Qualifications/Education Required
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Mathematics, Economics or related area combined with at least 3 years of analytical/modelling experience, preferably within a financial firm or energy operating company.
Advanced degree and/or CFA certification is optional.
Project Finance acquisition, management or transaction experience preferred.
Must have strong grounding in mathematics and quantitative analysis, with a focus on precision.
Ability to handle and analyse large and complex data sets. Ability to manage and bridge gaps in data accuracy and availability. Ability to summarize complex data.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills with an ability to express ideas effectively and fluently.
Ability to work in a collaborative environment where both teamwork and independent work ethic are essential.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel, analytical tools (Power BI, BI, Tableau or Spotfire) as well as the full MS Office suite.
Pattern Energy Group LP is an equal opportunity employer
