DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryThis position is located in the Office of Audits (OA). The OA conducts independent, objective audits, reviews, and other examinations of NASA and NASA contractor programs and projects to improve NASA operations and provides a broad range of professional audit and advisory services. Our work can extend into any part of NASA but we primarily focus on space operations, science and aeronautics research, mission support operations, financial management, and information technology management.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesDuties include but are not limited to the following:* Presents findings and recommendations on issues or problems impacting programs* Conducts research, planning and assessments of NASA's program, products and services* Provides expert analysis and advice on complex program issues* Devises new analytical techniques to evaluate findings* Reviews, advises on, and conducts complex audits analyses or evaluations of organizational programs, systems, and processes* Serves as an authoritative source of consultation for managers and program specialists* Prepares written audit, policy analysis, and performance evaluation reports that provide findings, guidance and recommendations to a wide range of audiencesTravel RequiredOccasional travel - Travel may be required for training or other work-related duties.Supervisory statusNoPromotion Potential13* Job family (Series)0343 Management And Program Analysis* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* A one-year probationary period may be required.* Occasional travel may be required.* Selectee must complete a financial disclosure statement.* Successful completion of a security investigation will be required.* Position subject to random drug testing.* Must complete the initial Online Occupational Questionnaire.* If found to meet minimum qualification, applicants must complete a USA Hire assessment battery (i.e., Assessment Questionnaire and Writing Assessment)QualificationsFor all grade levels, if you are found to meet the Basic Requirement and the minimum qualifications (i.e. specialized experience and/or education qualification requirements) below, you will be required to complete a USA Hire assessment battery (i.e., Assessment Questionnaire and Writing Assessment). See "How to Apply" for further information.In order to qualify for the Management Analyst position, you must meet the following time in grade requirements and minimum qualifications:TIME-IN-GRADE REQUIREMENTS: Merit promotion applicants must meet applicable time-in-grade requirements to be considered eligible. One year at the GS-12 level is required to meet the time-in-grade requirements for the GS-13 level. (Please submit your SF-50 that shows Time-in-Grade eligibility and reflects your title, series, and grade. If your eligibility for both merit promotion and/or time-in-grade cannot be determined, your application will be rated ineligible. Please see Required Documents for additional information). Time-in-grade requirements also apply to VEOA applicants having held a GS position in the past year.ANDFOR THE GS-13 LEVEL:Specialized Experience: Applicants must have at least one or more full-time years (12-months) of specialized work experience, equivalent to at least the GS-12 grade level in the Federal service, performing ALL the following duties:* Researching and planning business or management practices that assess organizational programs or operations* Leading complete or significant portions of reviews of program/project/organizational efficiency or productivity* Presenting via oral communication analysis results that support changes/improvements in organizational policies/procedures to stakeholders at various levels of an organization* Preparing written documents, including audit, policy analysis and/or performance evaluation reports that offer findings, conclusions, and recommend actions to the public that improve the efficiency and/or economy of programs and/or compliance with applicable laws, regulations, or guidelines(Your resume must CLEARLY demonstrate this experience)Applicants must meet all qualifications and eligibility requirements by the closing date of the announcement.IN DESCRIBING YOUR EXPERIENCE, PLEASE BE CLEAR AND SPECIFIC. WE MAY NOT MAKE ASSUMPTIONS REGARDING YOUR EXPERIENCE. If your resume does not support your questionnaire answers, we will not allow credit for your response(s).For more information on the qualifications for this position, click here.If you believe you have a disability (i.e., physical or mental), covered by the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 as amended and Americans with Disabilities Act 1990 as amended, that would interfere with completing the USA Hire assessment battery, you will be granted the opportunity to request a reasonable accommodation in your online application. Requests for reasonable accommodations for the USA Hire assessment battery and appropriate supporting documentation for reasonable accommodation must be received prior to starting the USA Hire assessment battery. Decisions on requests for reasonable accommodations are made on a case-by-case basis. If you meet the minimum qualifications of the position, after notification of the adjudication of your request, you will receive an email invitation to complete the USA Hire assessment battery. You must complete all assessments within 48 hours from the time the email invitation is sent to complete the USA Hire assessment battery is sent. To determine if you need a reasonable accommodation, please review the Procedures for Requesting a Reasonable Accommodation for Online Assessments here: https://help.usastaffing.gov/Apply/index.php?title=Reasonable_Accommodations_for_USA_Hire.EducationARE YOU USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: Education must be accredited by an accredited institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education in order for it to be credited towards qualifications (particularly positions with a positive education requirement). You MUST provide transcripts or other documentation to support your educational claims. Applicants can verify accreditation by clicking here. All education claimed by applicants will be verified by the appointing agency accordingly. (Note: If you are selected for this position based on education, an official transcript will be required, prior to your first day.) You must meet all qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR FOREIGN EDUCATION: If you are using education completed in foreign colleges or universities to meet the qualification requirements, you must show that the education credentials have been evaluated by a private organization that specializes in interpretation of foreign education programs and such education has been deemed equivalent to that gained in an accredited U.S. education program; or full credit has been given for the courses at a U.S. accredited college or university. For further information, click here.Translated transcripts are required.
