If you are looking for an entrepreneurial work environment that promotes team efforts and rewards results, then look to PCI for employment.

As a growing energy software firm with offices in Norman, Oklahoma; Houston, Texas; Raleigh, North Carolina; and Mexico City our software solutions are deployed in energy companies to help them optimize their generation asset portfolios, solve complex operational issues and manage demanding business processes in ISO markets.

Business Analyst
With a thorough understanding of both energy software systems and business practices, Business Analysts at PCI perform software installation, deployment, integration, customization, support and maintenance services for PCI clients. Finance, Business, Accounting or Technical degrees preferred.

Duties:
Provide application support and consulting to internal and external clients on the proper use of PCI products
Improve the quality and enhance the features of PCI software products by working with application development team.
Perform testing, documentation and quality assurance for new product features
Provide project management for internal product development projects. Monitor market changes to align PCI products accordingly.
Other duties as assigned
Requirements:
Technical Degree Preferred
Experience with Java and or SQL
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Able to Identify problems, compare data from sources to draw conclusions, and make timely sound decision
Must be able to perform under pressure
Ability to work effectively with others to accomplish organizational goals and to identify and resolve problems
Must be committed to customer service and demonstrate appropriate attention to customer needs and requirements when making decision and taking action
Benefits

We offer a competitive compensation package as well as comprehensive benefits which include:
Medical Insurance Including Prescription Coverage
Dental Insurance
Medical and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts
Voluntary Life Insurance
Company-paid Short Term and Long Term Disability Coverage
401(k) Retirement Plan
Paid time off and Holidays
EO Statement
PCI is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. PCI is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status.
