Energize Your Upstream Expertise as an EAG Services Business Analyst

Ready to elevate your knowledge of the oil and gas industry?

At EAG Services, you will join a dynamic and growing management consulting firm, playing a pivotal role in our clients success as you refine project execution skills within the upstream oil and gas industry. As an EAG project team member, you will gain advanced knowledge of the upstream energy industry through direct, hands-on responsibilities that have an immediate impact.

Challenging, Hands-on Assignments within Elite Project Teams

From project planning to execution and final sign-off, you will guide our clients through complex transformations leveraging EAGs proven methodology. EAGs small, elite teams place you on the frontline with experts in all sectors of the oil and gas marketplace. As your knowledge and experience advance, so will the challenge and complexity of your assignments. Mentoring from experts with deep consulting and industry knowledge is available at any time, from anywhere, giving you immediate access to experience-based, best practice solutions.

Respected by Clients and Peers

EAG consultants benefit from the advantages of working for a small, team oriented business. E&P companies trust EAG Services to support critical decisions and planning with knowledgeable, unbiased, best practices driven counsel and execution. We have earned a sterling reputation for going beyond simple project management to deliver unparalleled, unbiased expertise. Every day, we work in tandem with our clients to ensure that optimal results are consistently achieved.

EAG Services currently seeks an energetic and detail-oriented Business Analyst to join our team of individuals planning and implementing client solutions. A candidate for this role should have experience participating in one or more of the following types of projects:
Financial Accounting, Operational Accounting, Supply Chain or ERP implementations, Mergers and Acquisitions
Software Selections
Master Data Management, Business Intelligence & Data Analytics
As an EAG team member, you can expect to:
Interact directly with client personnel and executives, representing your individual project and EAG on a daily basis.
Leverage existing methodologies to provide industry-recognized best practices to our clients.
Assist our EAG Program Management Office in the continuing development of our methodologies and toolkits.
Collaborate with client, vendor and EAG team members to identify and document desired functionality, business requirements, supporting processes and/or system procedures.
Facilitate project activities such as client meetings, process/design workshops, user acceptance test sessions, and weekly status updates.
Provide hands-on business and technical analyst activities while completing project deliverables.
Assist with the development and delivery of training materials and programs.
Provide assistance to other EAG teams as needed, fostering a spirit of teamwork across individual project initiatives.
Position Requirements
This position may require travel (Monday to Thursday) to client projects. Applicants should be willing to travel up to 50% in North America.
Bachelors Degree
2+ years of consulting experience
2+ years of experience participating in the development or implementation of software systems
2+ years of upstream energy industry experience, including working knowledge of one or more of the following areas within upstream is preferred but not required:
Revenue Accounting
Production Accounting
Well Data and Drilling
Land Management
Midstream
Strong experience with Visio and Excel is required
Must be eligible to work for ANY employer in the United States; we are unable to sponsor H1B applicants at this time
Compensation
Competitive salary, commensurate with experience.
Comprehensive benefits package including:
Medical
Dental
Vision
401(k)
Get Started Today

Explore your opportunity to become a Business Analyst at EAG Services. Apply online or direct questions to recruiting@eagservices.com.

About EAG Services

EAG is a management consulting firm based in Houston, TX. We focus on serving the upstream and midstream energy markets. Our mission is to deliver cost-effective business solutions to the oil and gas industry while providing a challenging and fulfilling experience to our employees. We seek individuals who enjoy expanding their knowledge of the oil and gas industry and related technologies, working as part of a team and participating in complex projects.

People are EAGs most valuable asset. We offer a competitive and comprehensive salary and benefits package to all employees, and invest in employee professional growth by providing a variety of educational and training opportunities.
