Job Details

Business Analyst

Location: Corporate Headquarters located in the Clear Lake Area

Schedule: Full-time

About Universal

In everything we do, we are building and growing the most comprehensive global community of professional business aviation resources to deliver on our shared purpose the success of our clients trips. By equipping our employees to succeed, we will innovate, problem solve, and achieve excellence in all aspects of trip management to help our clients reduce their operating risks. By helping our clients achieve successful missions, we move organizations that then move the world.

Job Summary

The Business Analyst will be part of an Agile development team responsible for building innovative, high performance, scalable web applications using modern web technologies and techniques. The Business Analyst will review, analyze, and evaluate business needs and work with developers to design effective, simple, creative automation solution within project constraints.

Job Responsibilities

1. Write business requirements, use cases, and functional requirements for new applications or modifications to existing applications

2. Identify tasks and timelines for the implementation of solutions in support of business objectives

3. Develop business needs analysis to provide justification for changes and communicate efficiently the business requirements to the technical team and senior management

4. Reconstruct high-level business and user requirements into functional requirements and quality specified in an appropriate level of detail suitable for use by developers

5. Proficient in developing visual modeling artifacts such as flow diagrams, data models, UI mockups

6. Lead requirements analysis and verification, ensuring requirement statements are complete, consistent, concise, comprehensible, traceable, feasible, unambiguous, verifiable, and they conform to standards

7. Identify any process specific data retention or processing requirements

8. Act as a liaison between business units, management, IT and the project team

9. Coordinate the development of all components of Business Requirements Documentation.

Qualifications and Competencies
Bachelor's degree in MIS, Computer Systems, Business Management, or related area or equivalent combination of education and work experience
5+ years of business process analysis
IIBA certification a plus
Experience with agile or scrum teams
Experience with project and development management tools, e.g. MS Project, Azure Boards, JIRA
Good understanding of how software, data and business processes work together
Strong experience in working well with cross-function teams in a global organization
Ability to understand IT and business architectural diagrams and models
Excellent communication and documentation skills
Team player with strong communication, interpersonal, and collaboration skills
Universal offers an outstanding compensation and benefit packaging
