Apply now

Business Analyst III
Houston, TX

Summary: The Business Analyst Assistant will assist in seamless delivery of Learning and Development (L&D) services to the Procurement/Supply Chain Management function. Position requires intermediate to advanced excel skills and experience within SuccessFactors LMS and SAP is preferred. Strong problem-solving skills, interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively in a diverse workforce are also necessary. The successful candidate should be flexible, self-motivated, conscientious, learns quickly, anticipates needs, and has demonstrated ability to multi-task.
Job category

Branch

Pay rate

Posted date
5/14/2020

Job ID

Job type

Responsibilities for this position may include, but are not limited to:
SuccessFactors LMS administration duties: o Training course metrics, including creation, tracking and reporting of metrics o Creates, maintains and closes courses in LMS o Processes participants certificates o Maintains the P/SCM function training inventory and communicates upcoming classes for registration o Generates LMS reports and advises of participant headcount for upcoming classes
Processes training invoices through SAP and Ariba, redirecting training costs to participant cost centers.
Updates and maintains L&D/OC SharePoint site. Monitors L&D mailbox and responds to inquiries
General L&D Administrative Support: Catering and class logistical support, provides guidance regarding course logistics and expenses associated with training events; other miscellaneous administrative support.
Directs employees to L&D resources as appropriate.
Required Qualifications:
High School Diploma or equivalent.
3+ years of administrative support and/or experience in OC or L&D.
Must be professional, responsive and flexible to changing priorities, and be customer focused.
Strong proficiency in Excel and SAP, and proficient with MS Office (Word, Forms and PowerPoint).
Demonstrated understanding of basic HR/OC products, services, policies, and practices and/or where to obtain counsel.
Ability to use data to support conclusions and recommendations for action with error-free output.
Strong planning and organizational skills. Demonstrated ability to manage and complete multiple tasks while working with tight deadlines and changing priorities. Works with minimal supervision and guidance.
Demonstrated strong interpersonal skills. Ability to build positive working relationships and effectively works with various levels of customers; managers and peers with different working styles.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge or exposure working in Learning and Development
SharePoint Administration skills
Ariba experience
