Business Analyst Houston TX 6 months (W2 Only) Industry Waste Management Needs Peoplesoft Conducts highly complex business process analyses, needs assessments, and preliminary costbenefit analyses in an effort to align information technology solutions with business initiatives. Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform the assigned essential duties satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned and duties may vary by department. bull Works at the highest technical level of most phases of systems analysis while considering the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment. bull Coordinates with users to determine business and user requirements, process flow definitions, and functional specifications. bull Coordinates documentation of requirements and formulation of test plans. bull Develops and manages development of highly complex information systems, or revisions to existing system logic difficulties as necessary to meet business requirements. bull Reviews progress and evaluates results for accuracy and efficiency. bull Acts as a liaison between technical staff and business owners. bull Guides and advises less-experienced Business Systems Analysts and other computer support staff. bull Acts as team leader on systems projects. Establishes and communicates common goal and direction for the team. Coordinates activities of the project team, project plans, and assists in monitoring project schedules and costs. Supervisory Responsibilities Some informal supervisory duties, such as delegation of tasks, may be required. Qualifications Bachelorrsquos Degree, or equivalent experience, in Computer Science, MIS, Business Administration or similar area of study, and seven or more years previous experience. Preferred Masterrsquos Degree. Preferred PMI Certification. ScrumAgile experience using JIRA May require intermediate skills in one or more of the following PeopleSoft HRMS systems development, implementation, upgrades and analyses, QA testing, catalyst or unified business modeling, system design and analysis, web application development, imaging technology, subject matter knowledge such as benefits, payroll, and basic accounting, project management, conducting training, strong analytical skills and communication skills.
