About WestRock
WestRock (NYSE: WRK) partners with our customers to provide differentiated paper and packaging solutions that help them win in the marketplace. WestRocks 50,000 team members support customers around the world from more than 320 operating and business locations spanning North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Learn more at www.westrock.com.

Business Analyst- Houston, TX

5800-Houston Corp

3555 Timmons Ln, Ste 1400
Houston, Texas, 77027
United States

Victory Packaging was acquired by WestRock, a publicly traded global paper and packaging company and continues to be managed as the independent distribution division of WestRock. Based in Houston, Texas, Victory Packaging has more than 65 warehouses and distribution facilities in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

Victory Packaging is a full-service packaging solutions company that has mastered both the science and art of packaging. We are experts at the various aspects of packaging design, creation, delivery, storage and management, and uniquely skilled in making those components part of a comprehensive program that saves our customers money and delivers superior service.

Business Analyst Houston, TX

The opportunity:

Â Â Â Â Â Â Develop, test, implement, and maintain various business intelligence and reporting applications

Â Â Â Â Â Â Produce weekly/monthly as well as ad-hoc reports and perform analysis for different departments

Â Â Â Â Â Â Create custom queries to extract data from enterprise database and other data sources

Â Â Â Â Â Â Provide analytical support to optimize processes and improve efficiencies of different departments

Â Â Â Â Â Â Provides ad-hoc research and analytical support to business users. Research and resolve data discrepancies

Â Â Â Â Â Â Assist in gathering information, analyzing user requests, and translating the same to functional specs

Â Â Â Â Â Â Assists in prospecting and analyzing new business

Â Â Â Â Â Â Produce, update, and maintain documentation for available reports

Â Â Â Â Â Â Provide technical support and training to end users in using business intelligence/reporting tools

Â What you need to succeed:
Bachelors in Information Systems, Engineering, Computer Science, or related field
2+ years of experience working with MS Excel. Ability to write macros and VBA code is a plus
Demonstrated ability to write complex SQL statements and stored procedures
Experience working with relational databases
Experience with AS400/iSeries (query interface), DB2, and MS SQL Server is a plus
Â Experience in R and Alteryx a plus
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Basic knowledge of statistical analysis
Â What we offer:

Â Â Â Â Â Â Corporate culture based on integrity, respect, accountability and excellence

Â Â Â Â Â Â Comprehensive training with numerous learning and development opportunities

Â Â Â Â Â Â An attractive salary reflecting skills, competencies and potential

Â Â Â Â Â Â A career with a packaging solutions company where Sustainability, Safety and Inclusion are business drivers and foundational elements of the daily work.

#CB

WestRock Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to creating and maintaining a diverse workforce: Minorities/Females/ Disabled/Veterans.
