This position is responsible for the support of the 9.2 PeopleSoft Financials platform (with a focus on General Ledger). This includes requirements gathering, application configuration, end-user support and testing for ongoing enhancements to the production application. The role provides functional expertise and contributes to improvements and enhancements for mission-critical, enterprise-wide information systems**
Job* *Duties and Responsibilities: *
Serve as a liaison to the Accounting team in maintaining the best practice accounting processes in PSFT FSCM. Tasks include but are not limited to updating PS setups, Trees, Reports, Queries, Combo Edit Rules, Allocations, supporting month-end & year-end.
Assists in the analysis, design, and development of PeopleSoft deliverables based on business requirements.
Educate and advise on PeopleSoft FSCM functionality with emphasis on General Ledger modules.
Work with technical resources to develop, test and document software to implement and maintain an operational system
Review / validate client's requirements and identify opportunities for improvement based on available system functionality and best practices.
Ensures that project deliverables meet business requirements and ensure to the complete project within assigned timelines.
Prepare or coordinate the preparation of reports, simulations and instructional manuals to document systems development.
Provides support in all phases of SDLC.
Independently determine and develop approaches to solutions, - Partner with Business, IT, and Vendors.
Requirements*
High school diploma or G.E.D. equivalency from an accredited educational institution; *_and_*
Five (5) years of experience supporting PeopleSoft General Ledger (GL) version 9.0 and above is a must. Experience with Billing, Accounts Receivable, Grants modules will be plus.
PeopleSoft Query and or SQL knowledge to extract data for analysis.
Highly proficiency in SDLC practice.
Experience creating functional specifications, planning and design documents.
Hands on experience in ERP Change Management practices.
End to end knowledge of major accounting processes.
Experience using Microsoft Office package (Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Word)
Effort estimation.
Strong verbal and written skills.
Strong documentation skills.
Preferences*
Bachelors Degree
Experience working in public sector
Prior experience in Accounting
Nvision
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $35.00 - $42.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analysis: 3 years (Required)
PeopleSoft: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Contract Length:
7 - 11 months
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
One location
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
