Kelly Services has an outstanding opportunity with an international oil and gas company in Houston, TX.

Title: Business Analyst

Core Responsibilities:

Facilitate and support the preparation, roll-up, analysis, and review of annual departmental operating budgets and monthly forecasts.

Monitor, analyze, reconcile, and prepare detailed and summary cost reports and presentations, including compiling variance explanations and cost performance results by line of business and budget accountability area.

Decision Making:

Operates more independent, decisions range from those governed by general policy to those on technical or complex issues within authorized limits.

Duties: Uses independent judgment to handle situations outside standard methods and resolve difficult problems.

Can also coordinate finance teams efforts and be able to adapt and apply procedures in complex matters.
Why Kelly ® ?
Your engineering skills are in demand, but how do you find the right fit? Easy. With Kelly® Engineering, our experts connect you with leading organizations where you can learn and grow, collaborate on innovative projects, and keep your skills sharp with top technology. Whether you prefer the variety and flexibility of short-term projects, or are looking for something more long-term, were here every step of the way to find your dream engineering job.

About Kelly ®

At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law. ]]
