Job Title: Network Business Analyst

Reports To: Provider Network Manager

Location: Houston, TX

Salary: DOE

Status: Exempt

Summary: The Healthcare Business Analyst is responsible for, and should have experience in, analyzing medical claims data sets in multiple formats and form factors and the ability to transform/manipulate this data to do insightful analysis yourself or providing this data to others. The position will work across many different data formats including Excel, CSV, proprietary systems and experience in these formats and capabilities like PowerBI will be valuable.

The position will work collaboratively with a team of data experts and analysts to identify these opportunities to enhance our data, processes or systems to drive better yield, revenues, cost savings, and client satisfiers.

This role will provide support to company stakeholders and assist with gathering, validating, analyzing, and presenting data. The person in this role is expected to understand the impact of the data trends and have the ability to speak to the direction of the business based on results as needed.

A successful candidate for this role would be highly analytical and have a passion for data. They should be self-directed, enjoys being busy with challenging work, and has a positive attitude toward their work, their fellow colleagues and the company.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Provides advanced analytical support for business operations in all or some of the following areas: claims, provider data, member data, clinical data, pharmacy, external reporting,
Reviews data to determine operational impacts and needed actions; elevate issues, trends, areas for improvement and opportunities for management,
Partner with IT to develop appropriate dashboards and reports in support of the enterprise management operating system.
Responsible for understanding the various data sources available within the organization for reporting and analysis, as well as a clear understanding of business operations to be able to appropriately guide the development of quality program activities, including analysis and reporting in support of ongoing operations.
Significant participation in analysis, interpretation, and translating of complex health plan data, issues, trends, and relationships into effective strategies and action plans.
Establish and maintain effective working relationships with others throughout the organization.
Compiling and organizing healthcare data in support of program and/or plan audits and inquiries.
Using healthcare data to help achieve administrative needs and goals.
Investigating data to find patterns and trends.
Converting data into usable information that is easy to understand.
Developing reports and presentations.
Communicating business insights to management.
Leverage and analyze data to identify issues and processes needing improvement
Communicate findings to Management through standard and ad hoc reports
Support compliance posture of operations with federal and state deliverable reporting requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis.
Gather and interpret business requirements and partner with IT on driving enhanced monitoring and dashboards
Handle multiple projects and timelines effectively and communicate risks and issues to manager regularly
Other duties maybe assigned
Required Skills:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience in business intelligence, analysis or related fields
Minimum 2 years experience in the use of statistical tools and various business reporting platforms such as Excel, PowerBI, Tableau, Qlikview
Working knowledge of data analysis, study methodology, and preparing professional documents.
Basic understanding of statistical methods.
Minimum 2 years’ experience working in the Healthcare industry.
Strong problem-solving capability, excellent interpersonal/ communication skills.
Strong attention to detail.
Medical claims codes familiarity ICD10, CPT, Revenue Codes, Bill Types, HCPCS
Medicare and/or Medicaid experience
Strong attention to detail, problem solving, and critical thinking skills
Ability to prioritize and multitask
Provider data
Job Type: Full-time

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Day shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analyst: 2 years (Required)
Healthcare: 2 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Work Location:
One location
This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is:
Detail-oriented -- would rather focus on the details of work than the bigger picture
Autonomous/Independent -- enjoys working with little direction
High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Team-oriented -- cooperative and collaborative
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
No
