Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) proudly serves the world’s leading educational institutions, Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, prominent healthcare providers, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. Our 280,000 team members deliver innovative experiences and services in food, facilities management and uniforms to millions of people every day. We strive to create a better world by making a positive impact on people and the planet, including commitments to engage our employees; empower healthy consumers; build local communities; source ethically, inclusively and responsibly; operate efficiently; and reduce waste. Aramark is recognized as a Best Place to Work by the Human Rights Campaign (LGBTQ), DiversityInc, Black Enterprise and the Disability Equality Index. Learn more at www.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.

Responsibility around Point of Sale (POS) maintenance and supporting critical business applications ranging from labor, food management, and catering systems utilized in the hospitality industry. Adheres to consistent process and standardizations which enhance the overall IT value proposition. Strong customer service, communication skills, analytical and problem solving skills required.
Responsible for proactive support and maintenance around Appetize POS system.
Provides technical support of the POS application, interfaces and any customizations.
Monitors support issues, ensures resolution plans and reports progress to management
Provides excellent customer service during event support.
Proactively maintains systems and executes preventative maintenance plans. Monitors system status and reacts to issues as they arise.
Work with users to define and evaluate business needs, challenges and inefficiencies that may be resolved through automated solutions.
Analyze, review and alter systems, programs, and applications to increase operating efficiency or to adapt to new requirements.
Responsible for communicating any defects to vendors and application owners and for coordinating testing and implementation of fixes.
Develops and executes test and quality assurance strategies and plans.
Works closely with ASP’s to ensure service levels are being met and risk to the business is minimal.
Ensures that proper version control is strictly adhered to and that operational risk is minimized accordingly.
Communicates with site users regarding any system enhancements and or scheduled upgrades.
Participate in technical and functional training classes as necessary or required
Installs, tests and tunes software and hardware related to database management systems. Schedules and performs upgrades to databases.
Maintains knowledge around TCP/IP protocol and computer networks.
Able to navigate and manage Windows Server environments.

Associates Degree in Information Technology Field or equivalent work experience is required. Bachelor’s Degree is desired.
Experience with Appetize POS & Micros POS systems is a plus.
Two to four years of progressively responsible experience including, but not limited to, in depth, hands on expertise with large and complex hospitality and Point of Sales systems.
Strong analysis, organization, communications, interpersonal skills and project management skills are essential.
Experience with hospitality customer technologies is required.
