Job Description

This position provides support for division systems configuration, system testing and workflow processes. It also provides technical expertise for identification, research and resolution of technical issues. This position also supports the successful achievement of overall performance goals established by the appropriate entities

You will become a Business Analyst if you are:
· Proficient in Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint)
· Knowledge in Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and its Phases
· Excellent oral and written communication skills.
· Strong interpersonal and organizational skills
· Must be a team player, be organized and have the ability to handle multiple projects
· Ability to work independently with minimal supervision or function in a team environment sharing responsibility, roles, and accountability
· Proficient process improvement and project management skills.
· Database reporting skills utilizing Access, Cog-nos and data warehouse
· Possess strong analytical, technical, and decision making skills

Responsibilities:
Study the existing system with the aim of understanding the business process and to identify the shortcomings
Analyze requirements and document and research components of solutions
Should be a good leader with excellent management skills
Understanding of Risk, End User, Integration, UI, Error/bug • Prototype tools
Create Business Requirements Specification Document
Make the requirements and solutions understandable to both User as well as to the development team
Qualifications
Bachelors degree in a business related field or combination of education and industry experience.
Experience with case implementation, underwriting, life insurance or project management.
Have the ability to read financial illustrations to obtain information required in new business insurance paperwork package.
Additional Information

Skills Development Program:-
Highly qualified trainers, Hands-on professional training,
Online Interactive session. One Live project with using SDLC (Agile and waterfall).
On Job Support with dedicated support team.
Special Technical mock with our technical experts before every interview with specific to the Job Description.
Immigration Support for International Student (CPT, OPT, H1B Sponsorship, GC Processing)
Benefits:-
Competitive compensation.
Excellent health, vision, and dental plans.
Relocation Expenses.
Education reimbursement programs available.
Extensive product training and professional career development
