Job Title: Adobe Analytics Business Analyst

Location: Houston, TX

Duration: 6+ month contract (long-term project!)

Rate: DOE

Start Date: ASAP!

Job Description

" Manage assigned projects focusing on digital marketing strategies; including engagement, retention, customer satisfaction, and revenue generation.

" Delivering crafted offers and clear communications to our existing customer base in a timely fashion through strategic targeting with personalized content will be the priority.
" Partner with internal teams to ensure highly complex, extensive email campaigns are designed and executed flawlessly to meet business goals.
" Oversee email marketing strategies to ensure complete success from conception to completion. Set up multiple programs and mechanics within a code deployment.
" Recommends and refines segmented targeting, implements testing strategies, develops schedules, writes optimization rules, and audits waterfalls produced by the Marketing Information Management Team.
" Review email creative submissions and confirm conformity to branding guidelines and email best practices including ADA digital guidelines.
" Apply critical thinking skills to identify and mitigate potential issues to avoid negative impacts and perceptions to the firm's customers, internal clients and the Brand.
" Focus to detail, while managing multiple email campaigns simultaneously is of utmost importance.
" Ensure quality deliverables are disseminated on or before deadlines.
" Appropriately assess risk on all business decisions executed; demonstrating particular consideration for the firm's reputation, its clients and assets.
" Drive compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, adhering to Policy, applying sound ethical judgment regarding personal behavior, conduct and business practices with transparency.
" Adheres to web metric standards and best practices when measuring traffic and evaluating activity.

Requirements:
Website tagging & digital analytics
Ability to write business requirements and specifications
Comfortable working on multiple projects at the same time
Experience working with Adobe Analytics & Google Analytics
Background with SEM and SEO
Nice to Have :
Managed PPC campaigns
Can read and write JavaScript
Can perform jQueries
Hands-on experience with website tagging and debugging tools (Adobe Experience Manager)
Comfortable navigating Dynamic Tag Manager, Adobe Launch, Telium, Google Tag Manager or similar technologies
Has managed content in CMS's like AEM, WordPress, Joomla, Wix or similar technologies
Background in digital marketing or advertising
