Tracking Code

2535

Job Description

Ignite is currently recruiting for a part-time Business Analyst III consultant for a long-term contract in Houston, Texas. This position is contingent upon Contract Award.

This individual will provide part-time support as a Business Analyst III consultant for the the International Space Station program. This individual will review, analyze and evaluate business systems and user needs. They will document requirements, define scope and objectives and formulate systems to parallel overall business strategies.

Required Skills

Familiarity of the space industry is a plus.

Required Experience

Education/Experience: Associated Degree with a minimum of 10 years of professional experience or a BA in business or specialized field with a minimum of 5 years of professional experience.

Ignite strives to create a professional, challenging environment for our workforce. As an emerging company, with a winning track record, Ignite understands that our workforce is the foundation by which we succeed as a company. Currently operating in a multi-state capacity, Ignite strives to offer people greater exposure to meaningful opportunities and the ability to directly contribute to current projects in a concrete way.

Ignite is an EEO/M/F/Veteran/Disabled Employer: We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The qualifications listed above are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

This position is contingent upon contract award

Job Location

Houston, Texas, United States

Position Type

Part-Time
