Functional Area:

OP - Operations

Estimated Travel Percentage (%): No Travel

Relocation Provided: No

American General Life Insurance Company

Your future team

At AIG Retirement Services, we strive to help our clients make some of the most important financial decisions of their lives and prepare for a dignified retirement. In support of that, Operations Business Supports works alongside other talented, highly motivated individuals to provide production support, project support and analysis with an emphasis on client experience. We are seeking a Business Analyst Specialist at our Allen Parkway campus to lead and manage the design and implementation of medium to large-scale cross-functional projects.

This position provides analytical and technical support to the AIG Retirement Services Operations and other business units on complex issues. With the combined strength and diverse products of AIG member companies and AIG Retirement Services powering your efforts, you can provide a uniquely high level of personalized retirement and financial planning- and make a real difference in the lives of those who deserve your help.

Your contribution at AIG

As an influencer at AIG, people come to you as a "go-to" source for help and support because of your deep knowledge and expertise. As a more experienced team member, you are capable of driving continual improvement and impacting the way that things get done. Because of your influence, whether direct or indirect, we are able to deliver powerful outcomes for our clients.

The position is responsible for

The Sr. Business Analyst will work as the liaison between Operations business units and IT. The focus of this position will be to handle production support, projects, initiatives and special assignments related to Operations business units. Business process improvements, system enhancements, and issue resolution are key responsibilities of the Sr. Business Analyst.
Lead cross-functional team members assigned for the duration of a project / initiative to ensure in scope, on budget and timely completion of project deliverables.
Coordinates with IT and business sponsors on business case development, feasibility analysis and scenarios through cost/benefit analysis.
Ensure that the project sponsor's expectations are translated into clear defined scope. Responsible for end-to-end coordination, ensuring the requirements, needs, goals and expectations of the functional stakeholders are met accurately and timely.
Evaluate all options available and identify the pros and cons of each option as they relate to system processing, business processing, time and cost, and recommend the best possible solutions and / or estimates.
Author and present business requirements, project charters, scenarios, user stories, meeting minutes, and other documentation related to project to stakeholders and business partners. Integrate business rules and business data with technology.
Partner with project team members to identify sequence, estimate project related activities and produce the required project management schedule.
Coordinate with IT/QA, business owners and project team members to ensure test plans and test cases are comprehensive.
Provide data manipulation and analysis requirements. Analyze, convert and present into value added management information.
Provides guidance on a continuous basis to team members in the areas of project lifecycle, LEAN manufacturing, operating procedures, processes and practices.
Creates risk management plan to identify, analyze, monitor and respond to risks associated with the project to ensure ability to achieve expected outcomes, on time and on budget.
Develop reporting documentation (Monthly Status Reports, etc.) so that all administrative coordination points between cross-functional departments and projects / initiatives are informed/updated regularly.
Communicate project status weekly to team, business owners and executive leadership as appropriate throughout the duration of assigned projects / initiatives and through post implementation.
What we are looking for
Bachelor's Degree preferred.
5+ years work experience as a Business Analyst working on projects, reporting, and quality review.
Certifications in Business Analysis, Certified-Project Management, Certified Lean Practitioner or Project Management- SDLC, Agile Scrum.
Experience in MS Office applications, including use of MS Project, Visio, PowerPoint, OneNote, SharePoint and JIRA.
Strong analytical & problem solving skills. Ability to identify a problem, analyzes the source problem, verifies and validates the source problem, and recommends viable solutions.
Proven ability to communicate information of a complex nature to all levels of management (written and verbal) in easy to understand business language.
Strong ability to interact with and use relationship management skills with project stakeholders.
Strong communication skills-oral, written and presentation.
Extensive knowledge of business analysis and user experience design tasks with a focus on client usability experience.
Extensive knowledge of the principles of Lean manufacturing and integrated systems project work to drive business results and operational performance.
Strong ability to provide solution assessment and validation including proposed solution assessment, organizational readiness, transition requirements, solution validation and performance.
It has been and will continue to be the policy of American International Group, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals regardless of race, color, religion, age, gender, gender expression, national origin, veteran status, disability or any other legally protected categories.

At AIG, we believe that diversity and inclusion are critical to our future and our mission - creating a foundation for a creative workplace that leads to innovation, growth, and profitability. Through a wide variety of programs and initiatives, we invest in each employee, seeking to ensure that our people are not only respected as individuals, but also truly valued for their unique perspectives.
