Company:

US6440 Sysco Business Services, Division of Sysco Resources Services, LLC

Zip Code:

77429

Minimum Level of Education:

Bachelors Degree

Minimum Years of Experience:

3 Years

Employment Type:

Full Time

Travel Percentage:

0

OVERVIEW:

We offer our associates the opportunity to grow personally and professionally, to contribute to the success of a dynamic organization, and to serve others in a manner that exceeds their expectations. Were looking for talented, hard-working individuals to join our team. Come grow with us and let us show you why Sysco is at the heart of food and service.

JOB SUMMARY

Responsible for the creation and management of Human Resource (HR) and Payroll Analytics and Data Reporting to support the various functions and businesses within Sysco. Provides value-added, actionable information to improve visibility into business efficiencies and accuracy in the processes.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Collaborate with senior and market-level leadership on the continued development and enhancement of the Tableau dashboard used for retention reporting.
Cooperate with various levels of leadership on the ongoing maintenance of the Tableau dashboards and standardized organizational structure.
Work with leaders of foreign Sysco entities on the creation of retention dashboards.
Collaborates with centralized HR, Payroll and business areas to ensure delivery of consistent and relevant reports.
Integrates disparate data from multiple systems and tools.
Generates standard, custom, quarterly, annual and ad-hoc reports as needed by the business.
Creates and maintains a library of ad-hoc reports available to Human Resouces and Payroll users.
Designs and creates reports necessary for compliance and audit.
Works closely with clients to gather requirements and manage priorities.
Utilizes multiple platforms in enterprise-wide reporting, SAP, ADP ReportSmith, Access, Excel, etc.
Performs Quality Assurance (QA) and testing before delivering solutions.
Provides documentation of reporting processes and designs.
Creates and analyzes reports for end-users.
Compiles information by analyzing and preparing report data findings with appropriate recommendations; performs subsequent reviews to ensure complete and appropriate corrective action is taken.
Modifies dashboards and integrates data from multiple data sources ' HR and Payroll databases, Excel, SQL Server, flat files for analysis and visualization, etc., independently as well as with the guidance of clear requirements.
QUALIFICATIONS

Education
Bachelor's degree in Finance, Human Resources, Business or related field or 5 years related experience.
Experience
3 years of work experience with reporting and data analysis.
Experience with structured analysis methods including process mapping, and root cause analysis preferred.
Professional Skills
Proficiency in MS Office.
Excel and Access ' Advance Level.
Effective interpersonal and communication (oral, written and listening) skills.
Strong quantitative and qualitative analytical skills.
Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.
Regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands and fingers to operate a computer keyboard, mouse, and telephone to talk and hear.
Frequently required to sit and reach with hands and arms.
Must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.
Working Conditions

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.
The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by associates within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of associates assigned to this job.

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability, veteran status or any other protected factor under federal, state or local law.

This opportunity is available through Sysco Corporation, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
