We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.

Summary: Under direct supervision, support the Opportunity to Cash (OTC) value stream and functions in one or more of the following disciplines: Pricing and Contract Management, Proposal or Sales Order Management, Remote field ticket creation.

Required Qualifications:
Under direct supervision, supports the Opportunity To Cash organizational structure and function within the company.
Provides assistance to more senior level analysts by helping to gather, organize, and document requirements for system or process changes.
May provide training to entry level employees in singular or group sessions.
Participates in continuous improvement across the OTC function and touchpoints with PSLs and other support functions.
Additionally, incumbent must have strong interpersonal, communication, and organization skills.
Requires an Undergraduate degree in Business or related field of study.
Previous work experience not required.
Preferred Qualifications:
SAP experience.
PSL-specific knowledge and understanding of OTC process.
Candidates having qualifications that exceed the minimum job requirements will receive consideration for higher level roles given (1), their experience, (2) additional job requirements, and/or (3) business needs. Depending on education, experience, and skill level, a variety of job opportunities might be available, including Associate OTC Analyst and OTC Analyst.

Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.

Location

3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States

Job Details

Requisition Number: 87694
Experience Level: Entry-Level
Job Family: Support Services
Product Service Line: Finance
Full Time / Part Time: Full Time

Additional Locations for this position:

Compensation Information
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.
