Arthur Lawrence is urgently looking for a Business Analyst IV for a client in Houston, TX. Kindly review the job requirements below. Your immediate application will enable us to place you successfully. Must-Have(s) 6+ years of experience working as a Technical Business Analyst Proficiency in Business intelligence (reporting, querying, spreadsheet, dashboards data mining), Business analysis, data models, detailed functionaltechnical designs, testing system design Ability to develop tactical roadmaps while working in Agilewaterfall concepts Hands-on experience with Cloud solutions preferably AWS, Microservices Web-based API Serverless architectures, databases (RDBMS andor No-SQL) Expertise in MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, BIreporting tools, JIRA, MS Visio Basic knowledge of Python, VD, C, or Java, etc. Nice to Have(s) Bachelorrsquos degree in Computer Sciences, MIS, or Business Administration PMP or CBAP certified candidates are preferred Interested candidates can directly contact Ahsan at resumearthurlawrence.net mailtoruhaillarthurlawrence.net or by dialing (832) 240-2093 About Us Arthur Lawrence is a management and technology consulting firm providing enterprise-wide business transformation and business application implementation services. Our in-depth technical knowledge and broad experience of working with world-class companies enable organizations to leverage our capabilities in developing winning strategies and cost-effective solutions. We are a UN Women Empowerment Principle Signatory and are certified from the National Minority Supplier Development Council. Acknowledgments from Industry Peers Winner of Entrepreneur 360 Award (2019) IAOP Award Ranked in top 100 internationally Arthur Lawrence ranked within the Inc 5000 twicemdashin 2016 and 2017 as one of the fastest-growing companies in America. Named one of the top ten fastest-growing businesses in Houston in 2016. Ranked 25th in the HBJrsquos Fast 100 Private Companies Award in 2017. Our Seven Pillars We rely on the seven core values that we believe enable us to deliver quality for our consultants and clients Education, Integrity, Value Creation, Collaboration, Best Client, Best People and Stewardship Through strict adherence to these core values, we have achieved success beyond all documented forecasts and anticipation. For more information, visit www.arthurlawrence.net httpwww.arthurlawrence.net
