Sr. Business Analyst Houston, Texas, United States Information Technology Jun 24, 2020Post Date 20202271Requisition # Apply for JobShare this JobSign Up for Job Alerts CTG has an immediate opening for a Sr. Business Analyst with our Public Sector client inHouston, Texas. Location: Houston, TX Duration: 6 months+ CTG does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee based recruitment services for this role. Requirements: • Bachelor's Degree • A background with Informatics • Strong statistical experience, data analysis / modelling, forecasting • SQL, SSRS, R Studio, Tableau, Stata, Power BI - any additional forecasting software tool • Creating and tracking a project using MS-Project • Needing people for COVID response and beyond Excellent verbal and written English communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group is required. To Apply: To be considered, please apply directly to this requisition using the link provided. For additional information, please contact David Dummel at david.dummel@ctg.com or call 800-992-5350 x4804. Kindly forward to any other interested parties-thank you! CTG's Benefits Plan allows you to select insurance coverage that best suits your lifestyle, and take part in our savings programs and educational plans. We offer Flexible Spending Accounts, a 401(k) Retirement Plan, and an Employee Stock Purchase plan. Our educational plan comprises access to more than 2,000 web-based technical, professional and business development courses. CTG (NASDAQ: CTG) has developed a reputation for responsiveness and reliability - traits that our clients say set us apart - since our founding in 1966. As one team, we create and deliver information and technology solutions that make our clients more successful and cultivate a workplace that attracts and develops the best people. Our vision is to be an indispensable partner to our clients and the preferred career destination for information and technology experts. CTG has operations in North America, Western Europe, and India and regularly posts news and other important information online at www.ctg.com. Our culture is a direct result of the people who work at CTG, the values we hold, and the actions we take. In other words, our people are the culture. It's a living, breathing thing that is renewed every day through the ways we engage with each other, our clients, and our communities. Part of our mission is to cultivate a workplace that attracts and develops the best people, reflected by our recognition as a Great Place to Work-certified company across many of our global operations. CTG will consider for employment all qualified applicants including those with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of all applicable local, state, and federal laws. CTG is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. CTG will assure equal opportunity and consideration to all applicants and employees in recruitment, selection, placement, training, benefits, compensation, promotion, transfer, and release of individuals without regard to race, creed, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, age, disability, marital or veteran status, citizenship status, or any other discriminatory factors as required by law. Our Affirmative Action program serves to promote occupational equality and diversity through good faith efforts. CTG is fully committed to promoting employment opportunities for members of protected classes. Additional Information * Job Function: Business Analysis * Education Level: None * Work Remote: No * Travel: No
