At TechPoint LLC, we offer comprehensive Training & Placement Program in Business Analysis with majorly skilled in BA Fundamentals, Requirements Elicitation, XML knowledge for Services architecture platforms, can write simple to complex SQL queries for Data Analysis techniques in ETL environments, UML, Agile Methodologies and willing to start immediately.

In this training, you will learn -:
Introduction to SDLC
Business Analyst Fundamentals in SDLC
Business Analyst Need Assessments
Business Planning & Monitoring
Requirement Elicitation
Requirement Analysis & Management
Testing, Defects & UAT
Agile BA with Storyboarding
Visual Studio for UML
Agile Project Management
MS Excel for Data Mapping
Our training sessions provide the advanced topics, industry best practices and tips as provided in the Instructor led Training courses in Flexible Format.
At TechPoint LLC, our classes are designed to be highly interactive and are taught by seasoned experts and industry experienced instructors. We take full pride in knowledge share, provide you with all tools access and technology guidance to improve your technical standards. We utilize cloud infrastructure tools for delivery and training. You will participate in group discussions, workshops, lessons to practice and shared information in the class or 1:1 with our instructor.

Education/Certification - Qualifications:
Great communication skills, ability to collaborate with developers and Product Management
Master’s Degree from an accredited college or university with a concentration in Business, Economics or Computer Science (or equivalent diploma/work experience)
Participation and/or completion in testing certification programs (Six Sigma, CSTE, ISTQB or CSQA)
Training Details:
Training Mode: In-Class/online, VA
Training Duration: 4 weeks
Marketing Duration: 6-8 weeks tentatively
Benefits: Health (PPO Plan)
Why TechPoint LLC:
E-Verified Company
H1B Visa and Green Card sponsorship for qualified candidates
Hands on experience on automated tools and usage:
We just don’t provide training; we are a full-service company, we ensure that you are successful at your new job. Multiple references available from previous batch placed candidates, and other older employees of the company.

We are a trusted partner to few leading Financial, Banking and Healthcare clients across the country and we are also seeking Experienced Individuals for Business Analyst who have prior experience and are willing to start immediately on the Requirements with our Primary Vendors & Direct Clients. The candidates will not be in the training process, they will go through Direct Marketing and client interviews in a quick phase. If you are qualified and looking for your next assignment, please connect with TechPoint LLC. We are preferably looking for Candidates who are Open to Relocate. We can schedule quick interviews with our direct clients - candidate should be on our W2 only.

Benefits:
Assistance in Resume and Interview Preparation
Guidance on how to attend Vendor/ Client Interview Calls
Personal Attention for Marketing, Submissions and Interviews
On-Job Support
Health Benefits
We do sponsor work visas: H1B / L1 /OPT /STEM OPT for eligible and qualified candidates. We also sponsor Green Card/PERM Labor I Certifications for qualified candidates.
Please Note:

We prefer candidates who are willing to relocate anywhere in USA

Recent graduates are encouraged to apply

**NO Third-party/C2C companies. Serious candidates only!

If you are interested, please share your resume at Shalini(at)techpoint.net

Techpoint LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/V/D.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Pay: $58,000.00 - $62,000.00 per month

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Contract Length:
More than 1 year
Work Location:
One location
Multiple locations
