Energy Aspects has a newly created opportunity available for an Oil Products Analyst, based in Houston, to join our growing global team. This is a fantastic career opportunity for an experienced Oil Products Analyst who is looking to make an invaluable contribution to a well-respected, established and rapidly growing energy markets research consultancy.

You will play a central role in our oil products service and assist in our broader oil market analysis. Well-versed in oil products markets (one or more of: LPG, naphtha, gasoline, jet, diesel, fuel oil) and the market impact of refinery operations, you will be able to rapidly take on a range of responsibilities.

These responsibilities will span the full cycle of our work, from building and maintaining data models and monitoring market developments (e.g. refinery capacity additions and maintenance activity), through to writing concise analysis and responding to client requests. You will work closely with several senior analysts, collaborating closely to decipher different aspects of the global market as well as bring insight on developments in US oil products markets and their relevance for global products trade.

Our clients value our views and insights, so you will be helping to shape forward-looking views rather than focusing on historical analysis. Ideally, you will already have experience of building and maintaining balances for individual oil products and will become a subject matter expert on US refined product markets.

You will be expected to consistently produce work at a high enough standard to send out to our demanding client base. We pride ourselves on the quality of our end-product and are meticulous about ensuring a high degree of accuracy across our services and you will need to share this commitment.

Requirements

The right candidate will have:
Solid demonstrable analytical experience working with refined products
Fundamental modelling experience (build and maintain complex refining models, work with statistical tools, regression modelling)
Knowledge of global oil products markets and refining processes, particularly west of Suez
Proficiency with MS Applications (Excel, Word, Power Point)
Experience in writing reports and conducting presentations
Experience in analysing the short-term future of oil products supply and demand
An exceptional candidate will be:
An advocate of Python or other coding languages and their utility in manipulating larger data sets
Don’t be put off if you don’t tick all the boxes – they’re a guide based on what we’d love to see but we appreciate that great analysts have diverse backgrounds.

Culture and Benefits

At Energy Aspects you could be part of a close knit, social and friendly team.

Working out of our Total Plaza office, you can take advantage of short commute times, easy access from across Houston and excellent local amenities restaurants and cafes.

Our compensation packages include annual bonuses, private medical, generous 401k contributions and a company share options scheme, as well as a subsidised gym membership and considerable holiday time.

Energy Aspects is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and promotes diversity within its workforce. As an international business we are determined that suitably qualified persons will never receive less favourable treatment on the grounds of gender, age, disability, religion, belief, sexual orientation, marital status, race, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law.
