Business Analyst, Transaction Advisory Services (Strategy & Operations - Information Technology) Manager (Multiple Positions), Ernst & Young U.S. LLP, Houston, TX.Serve as a Strategy & Operations professional to prepare and execute mergers and acquisition plans to maximize synergies and financial benefits from transactions focusing on the technology functional area. Understand the factors that drive successful mergers and acquisitions, and apply knowledge of the organizations involved in a deal to drive operational value. Provide operationally focused support and advice across the transaction life cycle (including carve-out, due diligence and integration), whether supporting an acquirer or seller. Focus on enhancing value, accelerating implementation and managing operational transaction risk. Provide support and advise on transactions in the Information Technology functional area.Manage and motivate teams of professionals with diverse skills and backgrounds. Consistently deliver quality client services by monitoring progress. Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities and professional knowledge. Maintain long-term client relationships and networks. Cultivate business development opportunities.Full time employment, Monday - Friday, 40 hours per week, 8:30 am - 5:30 pm.MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:Bachelor's degree in business, accounting, finance, engineering, computer science or related field plus 5 years of post-bachelor's, progressive related work experience; OR Master's degree in business, accounting, finance, engineering, computer science or related field plus 4 years of related work experience.Must have 3 years of experience in making detailed assessments of technology, finance, operations or supply chain infrastructure, of which 2 years should be for the integration or separation of client operations.Must have 18 months of mergers and acquisitions experience in a consulting environment.Must have 18 months of experience in business integrations, divestitures, or carve-outs including experience with quantitative and qualitative analysis.Must have 18 months experience with IT pre-deal due-diligence and post deal engagements for Private Equity and corporate clients.Must have 18 months experience with both buy-side and sell-side IT pre-deal due-diligence.Must have 18 months experience with IT synergy analysis and IT cost estimates for mergers and acquisitions and ability to synthesize approaches to complex integrations.Must have 18 months experience with IT stand-alone and carve-out analysis for divestitures.Must have 18 months experience with IT integrations and IT Transaction Service Agreements (TSA) for mergers and acquisitions.Must have 1 year of experience managing engagements and engagement related budgets; and, leading teams, including projects and engagement leadership.Willingness and ability to travel up to 80%, may be national or international.Employer will accept any suitable combination of education, training or experience.TO APPLY: Please apply on-line at ey.com/en_us/careers, and click on "Find jobs" (Job Number - HOU003NE).EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.This particular position at Ernst & Young in the United States requires the qualified candidate to be a "United States worker" as defined by the U.S. Department of Labor regulations at 20 CFR 656.3. You can review this definition at https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/CFR-2011-title20-vol3/pdf/CFR-2011-title20-vol3-sec656-3.pdf at the bottom of page 750. Please feel free to apply to other positions that do not require you to be a "U.S. worker".
