Summary

The IT Technical Business Analyst is a part of the IT
team responsible for ongoing application support and project work for the Lone
Star NGL commercial business area. This position works with key
stakeholders to capture requirements, perform gap analysis, and collaborate
with Quorum Software and Transport4 on enhancements to the e-ONE and T4
applications that will provide the highest value add to the Lone Star NGL
commercial business. This position is also responsible for day-to-day and
month-end close application support, implementing new assets into the existing
application software stack and supporting custom interfaces and reports.

Essential
Duties and Responsibilities:
Implement new assets and
support existing assets in the third party enterprise software suite for the
Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs) business sector.
Develop and support in-house written custom
interfaces and reports.
Collaborate with
business users, internal technology teams and vendors to establish and
prioritize business and technology requirements.
Create detailed
requirements of the user experience and user-system/system-system interactions
through discussion as well as narrative and pictorial artifacts. Ensure
accuracy of requirements during the entire development process.
Coordinate technical
implementation and migration of software upgrades, patches, code releases, and
database changes for the various enterprise applications.
Develop and review
integration and quality assurance test plans as needed.
Follow a strict
methodology and process for change control, application support, and escalation.
Provide training,
guidance, and resource support for end users.
Provide emergency
support for critical priority issues and other business critical
situations in a fast-paced
environment. These systems include enterprise software to support the
Measurement, Commercial and Accounting business groups.

Requirements:

Education
and/or Experience, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:

To perform this job successfully, an individual
must be able to perform each essential job duty satisfactorily. The
requirements for this position are listed below:
BS degree in
MIS/CIS/CSE or equivalent experience.
Business
analysis experience translating business requirements into functional and
technical specifications.
Strong knowledge of
various business processes such as Contracts, Nominations,
Scheduling/Distribution, Ticket Processing, Invoicing, Accounting, etc. in
the NGL sector or other Midstream sector.
Experience
querying and writing scripts for Oracle Server and MS SQL Server databases.
A motivated
self-starter that is able to work independently and in teams on tasks and
projects with limited supervision.
A strong customer
service attitude and focus.
Excellent oral and
written communication skills as well as business presentation skills.
Interfaces effectively across organizational lines addressing both technical
and non-technical audiences at a variety of organizational levels.
Excellent analytical
and problem solving skills.
Experience working
with Business Users and Software Developers to provide solutions that further
enhance the applications and provide the business user with an improved
experience.
Attention to detail and
a rigorous focus on delivering quality output.

Required experience is commensurate with the selected job level:
The Senior IT Specialist level requires a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and 5-8 years of relevant job related experience
The Lead IT Specialist level requires a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and 8 years of relevant job related experience
The Principal IT Specialist level requires a Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience and 10 years of relevant job related experience.
Preferred
Qualifications:
End-to-end
transactional experience in Natural Gas Liquids pipelines, storage facilities
and fractionators utilizing Dearman, Flow-Cal, Quorum e-ONE (Entero ONE) and
Transport4 software or similar systems.
Strong understanding
of combining multiple software applications via interfaces into a single
business solution.
Experience with Project
Management methodologies to successfully implement business focused technology
solutions.
Knowledge of the
software development life cycle (SDLC).
Familiar with the
Sarbanes Oxley control environment and change control processes.
Working
Conditions:
The work environment
characteristics described here are representative of those an employee
encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.
Usually,
normal office working conditions.
Must
be able to remain in a stationary position 50
of the time due to prolonged
periods of sitting or standing.
Occasional
overnight travel may be required.
Occasional
visits to industrial/manufacturing settings, which may include exposure to
various materials and chemicals, as well as extreme temperature conditions and
loud machinery, and require appropriate personal protective equipment.
Equal
Opportunity Employer/Disability/Vet

DISCLAIMER: The
above statements, which are subject to change, are intended to describe the
general nature and level of work being performed by personnel assigned to this
job. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities,
duties and skills required of personnel in the assigned position.
