QUALIFICATIONS:

1. Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university preferred, or minimum of five (5) years’ experience with SIS (PowerSchool eSchoolPLUS).

2. Minimum of three (3) years’ experience with Texas K-12 business processes and best practices.

3. Administrative programming skills such as Transact SQL, Cognos.

4. Current programming language and/or utility for software analysis, design and reporting.

5. Strong software troubleshooting skills.

6. Able to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.

7. Strong organizational, communication, and interpersonal skills.

TERMS OF EMPLOYMENT: 250 days

SALARY:

$45,615 - TC2

Salary Range (based on experience) as set by the Board of Trustees for the school year 2019-2020

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:

1. Serve as a support liaison between CFISD and district vendor partners to ensure that customer needs are identified, vetted, and integrated into CFISD’s SIS.

2. Analyze business processes and programs to maximize efficiency by assisting in programing duties in systems such as:

a. Registration

i. Online

ii. On Campus

b. All grade levels

i. Registrar

ii. Attendance

iii. Gradebook

iv. Report Card

v. Master Schedule

vi. Medical Records for students

vii. Student Discipline

c. Regulatory requirement

i. PEIMS

ii. OCR

iii. Local mandates

d. Transcripts

e. Service Requests Analysis

3. Collaborate with district administration and other departments in developing student information processes and procedures for all district school programs: calendar school year, summer school, response to intervention (RTI), special education, graduation requirements, etc.

4. Consult with third party vendors to define data exchange specifications and create the technical documentation.

5. Design, develop, administer, document, and manage process improvement on:

a. Customer satisfaction surveys

b. Program level documentation

c. User level documentation

6. Collaborate with the district’s PEIMS coordinator to define and implement process improvements in preparing PEIMS data for state submissions to TEA.

7. Collaborate with system analyst II to establish implementing projects with established timelines.

8. Administer regulatory policies established by local, state and federal authorities.

9. Consult with customers to analyze and document software needs or enhancements.

10.Develop and maintain:

a. Procedural manuals

b. Software tutorials

c. Educational materials

i. Videos

ii. On-line handbooks

iii. Communications to customers

11.Perform other duties as assigned.

WORKING CONDITIONS:

Mental Demands/Physical Demands/Environmental Factors:

Repetitive hand motions; prolonged use of computer; prolonged phone use; work after hours.

APPLICATION INFORMATION:

Human Resources

Phone: 281-897-4189

Email: annette.escobar@cfisd.net

DEADLINE TO APPLY:

February 17, 2020 or until filled

All applications will be reviewed

Not all applicants will be interviewed

Hiring Managers may choose to email you regarding this application. Please monitor your email regularly for any communication.
