SUMMARY A nationwide services company is seeking a Field IT Analyst responsible for image building and implementing and maintaining IT equipment, while providing customer service and solutions for IT-related challenges in a multi-platform, multi-site environment for a direct hire role. This position is part of a support team - each member will have primary responsibility over a specific listing of sites, but may be required to assist other team members as necessary. Due to the 24x7x365 nature of our business, team members may occasionally have to resolve after-hours trouble tickets. Additionally, team members are part of an after-hours rotation for emergency-only support that IT provides to the business. DESCRIPTION Interact with end users, equipment vendors, carriers and co-workers by means of writtenemail or verbal communications in a professional manner. Perform or manage software moves and changes, as well as hardware support, including the punching down of cables as needed, physical site moves, and miscellaneous maintenance. Perform daily procedures of product installations, backupsrestores, print file and tape management Maintain procedures, documentation and policies as it relates to IT Operations Co-ordinate and liaise, as necessary, with management for problem and change management as it relates to operations Analyze operating problems and quickly arrive at a workable solution Relaying requests for assistance that are outside the scope of IT Field to appropriate technical staff Stay informed of all policies and procedures that affect the users Maintain relationship with all departments to keep apprised of policy and procedural changes Keep up with current developments in networking, software and computer technology Project Management of site moves, technology research and deployment, training and implementation as assigned Travels to service center locations to provide on-site information technology support resolve issues and performs general system maintenance on networks. Maintains corporate standards and policies related to information technology REQUIREMENTS AA in Computer Science, A+ Certification and MCITP or equivalent work experience High level of computer literacy with Hardware and Windows Operating Systems for Personal Computers, Tablets and Servers. High level of computer literacy with spreadsheets, word-processing and database software andor business systems (Word, Access, Excel, Project, etc.). Understands and is able to assist with support of LAN WAN infrastructures. Well-developed communication skills oral, written, and listening. Ability to work independently and as part of a team. Learn quickly when facing new problems a relentless and versatile learner, open to change, and analyzes both successes and failures for clues to improvement. Accepts comments from both superiors and peers as part of the learning process. Available and willing to travel with overnight stays as needed. Available and willing to work nights and weekends, when necessary, for implementations, disaster recovery, changes and upgrades. Available and willing to participate in an after-hours rotation (nights and weekend) for on-call emergency support Ability to analytically troubleshoot problems. Ability to develop project plans and manage projects involving IT, Field and Vendor resources. Ability to work across IT sub-departments to implement and support multi-platform systems.
