Job Description
Position Summary
The Business Intelligence Leader will manage the processes and people responsible for accurate data collection, processing, modeling, and analysis for all departments. The Business Intelligence Leader will work closely with Department and Executive leaders to support and implement high-quality, data-driven decisions. They will use advanced data modeling, predictive modeling, and analytical techniques to interpret key findings from company data and leverage these insights into initiatives that will support business outcomes.

Duties/Responsibilities
⦁ Build, develop and maintain data models, data automations, dashboards and performance metrics that support key business leaders and users and their decisions.
⦁ Oversee the design and delivery of all dashboards and Tableau reports and insights that analyze business functions and key operations and performance metrics.
⦁ Mentor, develop and supervise analyst-level employees to ensure accuracy of data and deliverables from reporting employees with comprehensive policies and processes.
⦁ Ensures reporting of all KPIs, department dashboards, scorecards, and Excel indicators for assigned processes, within established time standards.
⦁ Collect data, perform analysis, and develop reporting to populate established reporting vehicles as well as for special projects and additional analysis requested by department leaders.
⦁ Run Ad Hoc reports using internal tools and or software.
⦁ Update databases or records with new information as it becomes available.
⦁ Interpret data using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining and gathering.
⦁ Works directly with senior business leaders to identify business or department requirements.
⦁ Cross functionally collaborate with different departments within the org to support projects, acquire and share data, and work to improve business goals.
⦁ Measure and summarize complex data to develop strategies & define business metrics for tracking and performance.
⦁ Organize presentations (or reports) and be able to present findings clearly to executive team or key stake holders.

Required Skills/Abilities
⦁ Working knowledge of data mining principles: predictive analytics, mapping, collecting data from multiple data systems on premises and cloud-based data sources.
⦁ Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling techniques.
⦁ Experience working with Tableau, Google Analytics, MS Teams and all relevant data to inform decisions.
⦁ Data validation & visualization techniques.
⦁ Robust problem-solving skills & excellent critical thinking ability.
⦁ Strong understanding of MS Office & Excel Spreadsheets (IF Statements, Macros, Data Analysis).
⦁ Strong database knowledge or MS Access experience.
⦁ Working knowledge of office equipment & computer hardware with Windows Operating Systems.
⦁ Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities.
⦁ Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people, and projects simultaneously.
⦁ Excellent collaboration and delegation skills.
⦁ Excellent presentation skills.
⦁ Excellent verbal and written communication skills.

Education and Experience
⦁ Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business, or other technical degree.
⦁ 5+ years’ experience in Business Intelligence delivering reports, dashboards, and visualizations to business teams.

Location
⦁ Corporate Office located in the Clear Lake area

Benefits and Perks
⦁ Employer contributed medical insurance
⦁ Dental, Vision and Life Insurance options
⦁ Paid Time Off
⦁ License to Carry (LTC) Training provided

About U.S. & Texas LawShield®:
We are a rapidly growing company and the leader in the Legal Defense for Self-Defense industry. We have over 400,000 active members and are expanding field operations in 46 states.
We are looking for hard-working professionals who are not afraid to learn new things and challenge themselves. So, if you are a passionate self-starter and eager to make an impact, we encourage you to visit our website at www.uslawshield.com to find out more about our company.

Powered by JazzHR

rFwc4X8GXq
