SUMMARY

Reporting to the Chief Human Resources Officer, the Compensation and HR Data Analyst will be the driving force in establishing a global Compensation benchmarking system, and for developing/providing valuable People Analytics reports and insight to HR leadership and company management.

The primary components of the role are:
Research job requirements and evaluate job levels and compensation to ensure the company is competitive in the areas of total compensation. This role will be responsible for conducting compensation analysis both periodically and for ad hoc requests due to hiring/recruiting activity as well as promotions and internal comparisons.
Focus in the first 6 months is developing and building a company-wide (multi-country) job grading system with mapping to Radford survey data.
Compile analyze and distribute key People metrics which help optimize recruiting and HR efforts and drive improvements in the Employee Experience at Avetta.
Build new opportunities to maximize the value of People Analytics and reporting.
ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Works with regional HR and management to establish standards for reviewing/gathering/documenting job information including required skills and behavioral competencies for each position in the organization; ensuring description accurately reflects the work being performed and the value created by incumbents.
Establish job equivalencies/grades.
Benchmarks jobs against Radford survey data and other market intelligence to determine competitive compensation ranges for each position.
Prepares and maintains job grades and compensation scales.
Collects and compiles People metrics and data from a variety of sources, including ADP Workforce Now, internal surveys, onboarding & exit interviews, employment records, government labor statistics, competitor's practices, and other sources.
Analyzes data and statistics for trends and patterns with attention to recruitment, hiring practices, motivation/engagement, and turnover.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:
At least two years of experience in related areas such as job classification and compensation analysis.
Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration, or related field required. (4+ years direct HR Data Analyst experience can be considered in lieu of degree)
Knowledge of quantitative and qualitative research methods.
Knowledge of human resource laws, regulations, and best practices.
Data Analysis.
Previous experience with ADP Workforce Now is beneficial, but not required.
Advanced/Expert level MS Excel; proficient in MS PowerPoint.
Capacity and capability to quickly learn the organization's HRIS, payroll, and similar employee management software.
Detail-oriented who can work autonomously exercising initiative and follow-through.
Able to exhibit a high level of confidentiality and personal integrity.
Powered by JazzHR
