About

Acuity Cloud Solutions specializes in delivering HCM solutions, with a focus on cloud systems and other industry leading HR technologies. The team boasts over 100 years’ combined experience delivering implementations, migrations, upgrades, system administration, training, support, project management, and delivering value-add solutions to its customers. Drawing from thousands of successful client engagements in a wide variety of industries, Acuity’s experts deliver best practices and innovative solutions ensuring systems are aligned with business processes, implemented efficiently, and optimized to their highest potential. Headquartered in Keene, NH, we operate by way of virtual offices and currently have employees in the US and CA.

Mission

We strive to provide superior service to our customers - large and small - while solving cloud based software issues. Our intent is to infuse our offerings with innovation while giving value-packed services to our customers. We recognize that in today's age, everything is moving fast; and we aim to provide on demand support, training and solutions. Our mission is to deliver quality work in the fastest time possible, while consistently demonstrating a customer-centric philosophy.

Job Description

We are looking to add a Senior Technical Consultant, Oracle HCM Cloud Services to our growing organization.

Services Delivery
Technical Project Manager / Lead for consulting delivery for Oracle HCM Cloud
Delivers technical project management, manages project scope, timeline and budgets and works thru issue resolutions.
Gather, analyze, and document business requirements to support the design and development of technology and/or process solutions
Translates business requirements into technology solutions
Leads technical testing, writes test scripts, stages testing data and testing issue solutions.
Manages and deliver multiple projects
Services Sales
Provide support for technical sales opportunities with focus on Oracle HCM Cloud
Provide support on technical sales calls and meetings
Provide support with development of sales services technical package offerings
Program / Services Development
Creating/enhance consulting service delivery tools
Documents/enhance consulting services methodologies
Qualifications

Education
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent required
Experience
4+ years of technical integration / data migration for Oracle HCM required
3+ years of experience in supporting Oracle HCM Cloud implementation through full project lifecycle for Global HR, Talent Management, Benefits, Compensation, Absence Management, Time & Labor (OTL), or Payroll
2+ years of Technical Project Manager / Technical Project Lead experience required
Strong experience in Oracle Cloud Fast Formulas, Extracts, PBL, HDL, OTBI, BIP, Java or C# experiences a plus
Strong experience in Oracle SOA, Oracle B2B and EDI processing for various vendors and customer
Strong experience in defining and setting up of AME rules, customizing seeded Oracle Workflow, AOL, PL/SQL
Oracle HCM Cloud sales scoping support a plus
Experience in ERP, eBS or PeopleSoft a plus
Skills
Strong analytical skills and problem-solving ability
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Effective client presentation skills
Ability to present to companies virtually and onsite
Ability to multi-task in a fast pace environment
Must be a self-starter
Other Job Details
Location: This is a home based position. Candidates must have a home office with a way to connect to the internet.
Job Type: Salaried Position
Employment Status: W-2
Work Status: Must be eligible to work in the US / No sponsorship available
Travel: This position will require travel to US client locations (25%) / No sponsorship available
Equal Opportunity Employer

Acuity Cloud Solutions is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal opportunity to all employees and applicants and to prohibit any discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. Employees will be treated on the basis of their job-related qualifications, ability and performance. It is also our policy that sexual harassment or any other kind of harassment including harassment based on sexual orientation will not be tolerated. The foundation of these policies is our commitment to treat everyone fairly and equally and to have a bias-free work environment.
