Our Houston, TX client is looking for a Senior Risk Analyst to join their team on a direct hire basis. This role is responsible for covering the market risk management framework.

Company Profile:
Thriving oil and gas company that develops, constructs, and manages energy businesses throughout the United States.

Does your resume really present you as the best qualified candidate for the job? Put your voice out there too! We invite you to share your story and complete a quick video interview that will be done in less than 3 minutes. Please follow this link: http://interview.deephire.com/wxg

Senior Risk Analyst Role:
Serve as a primary point of review for all company trading activities tied to the gas and power markets.
Partner with the commodities department to relay data tied to all market risk management issues.
Monitor daily trades and adjust for changes in risk status.
Work across all business units to discuss updates and maintain price curves and valuations.
Identify and implement process improvements to manage risk.
Engage with communication in the front office to track trade and manage valuations related to actualization and settlements of trades.
Apply risk, compliance, legal, and corporate policies in all interactions.

Senior Risk Analyst Background Profile:
Bachelor’ s degree in Finance, Business, Economics, Accounting, or other relevant course of study.
5+ years of hands-on experience in Energy Risk roles, specifically covering LNG, NGL, or oil.
Advanced finance and risk knowledgebase.
Experience in Energy Trade Risk Management applications, VBA code in Excel, SQL coding and programming work.
Excellent communication skills are a must.

Features and Benefits:
35-hour work week with flex time options available
Outstanding medical benefits – insurance and prescription services
Dental and Vision insurance
Health and dependent care flex spending accounts
STD/LTD/Life insurance paid by the company at 100%
Paid parental leave
Tuition reimbursement
Generous paid time off
And more!

Frontline Source Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Candidates must be authorized to work in the United States without sponsorship. The client cannot sponsor any visas.

Disclaimer: sensitive and personal data will not be requested by Frontline Source Group or its affiliates until a job offer is made and accepted. If you ever doubt the validity of our job postings, we encourage you to call one of our branch locations to verify the status on any job.

#frtline
