To be considered for this position you must be fully Bilingual in English & Spanish

GBS Group is seeking a relocation analyst to join our Relocation team. Our Relocation team assists businesses in the US to transfer their talent from any part of the world to the US. We partner with companies and lawyers to develop the most effective strategy to allow their talent to relocate to the US.

Relocation analysts will work closely with senior relocation analysts, consultants, and outside immigration counsel to coordinate and prepare supporting documents such as petition letters, forms, job descriptions, financial statements, and translations. This individual will be a subject matter expert for immigrant visa petitions and ensure full compliance with regulations.

Relocation Analysts will coordinate postings, tracking, and files involved with the relocation process, file maintenance and mailing documents. Relocation Analysts will be responsible for keeping current with government, regulatory and/or other pertinent standards, requirements or information regarding employment of individuals on work visas and authorizations.

Ideal candidates will be detail-oriented, have experience in a high-volume atmosphere, and have strong organizational and communication skills. He/she will be able to handle a high-demanding project load, and accommodate unanticipated spikes in workload and maintain flexibility under pressure.

Qualifications
Bachelors Degree or 3.0GPA
Fully Bilingual in English & Spanish
Spanish to English Document Translation
Strong research and writing skills
Client/Customer Facing experience
Intermediate Knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, and PowerPoint)
Prior Paralegal and immigration experience is ideal but not required
About GBS Group

At GBS Group we help entrepreneurs and executives create opportunities by building better businesses. We accomplish our mission by providing integrated business solutions to small and medium businesses. GBS Group has 4 main areas of expertise:
Start-up Services
Financial & Tax Advisory
Business Consulting
Human Capital Management
At GBS Group, our diverse team of multi-disciplinary consultants partner with our clients to ensure that they are accomplishing their business goals.

GBS Group prides itself in providing high-quality services through a culture of empathy, understanding, and integrity with our clients. Our clients’ success is our success.

GBS Group has offices in Miramar, FL; and Houston, TX.
