Status: Available
Posted On: 6/25/2020
Job Location: Houston, TX
Salary
Job Type: Full Time
Education:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering or a related field.

Experience:
3+ years of professional experience in Data Analytics, Business Analysis, or comparable analytics position.


Job Categories:

Information Technology Energy
Position Summary:
We are looking for an individual with a unique combination of skills: someone who is passionate about identifying what customers truly want and need; possesses the creativity to turn those customer needs into new product or service ideas; is highly analytical, organized, and structured in working to turn ideas into reality; and fiercely driven to see those ideas through. Our Client is seeking a Product Analyst who can easily fit into a fast-paced, dynamic New Product Innovation and Development team driven to accelerate the clean energy and sustainable future. The Product Innovation team is at the core of this company’s growth and provides a great environment to develop a cross-functional skillset unparalleled in other functional groups. This position will be reporting to a Manager in Product Innovation.

Classification: Non-exempt

Essential Responsibilities:
Develop business cases for new product and service offerings, including data analysis, financial modeling, and creating presentations for company leadership
Create and maintain regular reporting related to potential new products and growth opportunities, as well as current products in market.
Perform detailed, quantitative analysis that supports meaningful insights for new product development, and lead next steps uncovered from the analysis.
Analyze performance metrics and provide recommendations on opportunities to develop new products or optimize the performance of existing products.
Be inquisitive and creative by searching for answers to burning questions and identifying key trends and opportunities in the retail electric, clean energy, and technology industries.
Contribute to new product and service ideas by researching topics and providing clear, concise summaries. Provide viewpoints, recommendations, and structured next steps.
Stay on the cutting edge of what’s new and exciting across various industries to provide an outlook of future industry developments.
Collaborate closely with internal team members to develop reporting processes that ensure each team has the data needed to achieve performance targets.
Provide support to the team for requested tasks, taking it upon themselves to organize tasks, communicate, and develop next steps proactively. Requires skill and proficiency in many technical functions and ability to integrate across disciplines
Remain abreast of current technologies and best practices that may be applicable to the company

Skills/Knowledge:
Skilled in developing business cases supporting new business initiatives.
Strong knowledge of Excel with experience developing financial models.
Ability to structure complex analysis and perform the analysis to drive insights.
Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate ideas through email, PowerPoint, and other formats.
Ability to effectively communicate with cross-functional teams.
Proven problem solving and project management skills, including attention to detail and exceptional organizational skills.
Ability to deal with ambiguity and competing objectives in a fast-paced environment.
0% travel required.
