As the leading Microsoft Project & Portfolio Management Gold Partner in the world and premier Project Portfolio Management (PPM) consulting company, we are seeking talented professionals to foster the company’s continued dynamic growth.

We are looking for new Principal Consultants to lead high profile project and portfolio management consulting engagements with Fortune 500 clients across a range of industries. These engagements are often performed with Client senior leadership, giving C-Level exposure and the opportunity to make step changes in Client business performance. Our lead consultants are collaborative self-starters, able to work with EPMA leadership to define and execute engagement strategies, build client relationships for long term partnerships, and support business development efforts.

All Principal Consultants at EPMA have the opportunity for growth into senior management, based on demonstrated capabilities in delivering results in the above areas, effective management of teams, and demonstration of a Client-focused strategic mindset.

Responsibilities and Experience
10 - 15 years experience in Project and Portfolio Management, working on a range of high profile initiatives in either internal consulting roles, in a major corporation, or external consulting role(s) within an established management consultancy;
Demonstrated leadership skills and proven ability to deliver challenging project management assignments with cross-functional teams; Able to proactively identify and solve issues that may negatively impact a project or project deliverables.
Proven analytical problem solver, with the ability to streamline processes and integrate/analyze data from various sources, using business frameworks and technical skills to develop practical project management solutions for Clients. Focused experience in classic consulting frameworks in business process re-engineering, problem identification and solution development, and in training /mentoring / coaching / up-skilling project teams.
Demonstrated success in combining a range of skills and industry best practices to complete complex projects on-time and on-budget, and effectively dealing with classic project management challenges. Specific technical experience should include:
Planning, Scheduling and Resource Management; This includes establishing project plans and charters, developing resource-loaded schedules with fully developed inter-dependency logic and critical path analysis, regularly monitoring and tracking project progress, and providing comprehensive project progress reporting to project stakeholders.
Understanding and application of cost management and estimating techniques, with exposure to risk management and change management activities in a structured project environment.
Effective in influencing and leading in Client engagements and matrix environments, with strong stakeholder management skills. Excellent client/customer interaction and communication skills, with strong Organizational Change Management capabilities.
Ability to maintain composure and adapt in a dynamic, fast-paced, customer-focused work environment to manage rapid change, short lead times, and multiple competing priorities.


Qualifications
Bachelor’s degree in a technical discipline, such as Engineering, Science, Information Systems, or Business Administration
MBA or similar Master’s degree is desirable
PMP Certification
A minimum of 5 years experience in MS Project, Primavera or other PPM tools (such as Clarity, Planview or Daptiv) to an advanced level
Use of a variety of project management methodologies (e.g., Waterfall, Agile, etc.)
Project management experience to have covered multiple industries; IT, engineering, and/or manufacturing industry experience is preferred.
Must be open to up to 50% travel
