Eurest Services, a division of Compass Group, is a premier facility services provider, offering leading national business and industry organizations solutions and customer focused support. We provide business facilities management from sustainable cleaning to laboratory support, outdoor maintenance, materials management.
Job Summary
This position is responsible for the development and maintenance of operational plans and performance dashboards, for the improvement of the core and support process and for the implementation of a continuous improvement culture in a $40M account. In this role, the Business Analyst will interact with all levels of the regional and local operations team and will interface with the customer on a regular basis.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Ensures performance objectives and KPIs are defined, measured, recorded and tracked accurately and effectively in the account.
Analyzes performance trends and generates recommendations to improve quality of service, mitigate risks and reduce costs. Conducts key process improvement and cost savings initiatives.
Assists in preparation of monthly and quarterly performance reports.
Evaluates business processes uncovering performance gaps and areas for improvement. Develops optimization strategies.
Conduct cost and performance analyses in spend categories, processes or service lines.
Develops demand and capacity analysis for processes / services.
Conceptualizes and develops project plans. Manages projects and implements solutions effectively on time and on budget.
Support operational areas in the development of their demand forecasts and operational plans.
Implements best practices in Facility Mgmt., Asset Mgmt., Quality Mgmt. and Lean Services.
Conducts workshops, follow up meetings and presentations effectively to share findings or recommendations, brainstorm important ideas, or discuss key issues.
Develops executive presentations following the Minto framework
Necessary Experience and Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in engineering or business administration
Exceptional analytical and quantitative problem-solving skills
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment with people at all levels in an organization
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
3 + years’ experience working as business analyst for a > 5,000 employees corporation or a management consulting company.
Proven track record of improving processes, quality and efficiency.
Lean Six Sigma Green / Black Belt preferred

Apply to Eurest Services today!

Eurest Services is a member of Compass Group USA

Click here to Learn More about the Compass Story

Compass Group is an equal opportunity employer. At Compass, we are committed to treating all Applicants and Associates fairly based on their abilities, achievements, and experience without regard to race, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or any other classification protected by law.

Req ID: 402092

Eurest Services

KELLY L LUQUE

SALARIED EXEMPT
