NRG is the leading integrated power company in the U.S., built on the strength of our diverse competitive electric generation portfolio and leading retail electricity platform. A Fortune 500 company, NRG creates value through best-in-class operations, reliable and efficient electric generation, and a retail platform serving residential and commercial businesses. Working with electricity customers large and small, we implement sustainable solutions for producing and managing energy, developing smarter energy choices and delivering exceptional service as our retail electricity providers serve almost three million residential and commercial customers throughout the country.

More information is available at www.nrg.com. Connect with NRG Energy on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @nrgenergy.

Job Summary:

Reliant is seeking an experienced Digital Web/OperationsAnalyst for reliant.com. This position is onsite and fulltime located at our office located in Houston, Texas. Reliant is proud to provide electricity and energy services to more than 1.5 million retail customers — including homes, small and large businesses, manufacturing facilities, government entities and institutions across Texas. As part of NRG Energy, we are backed by one of the nation’s largest power producers. NRG owns and operates more than 24,000 megawatts of generation capacity, including 11,000 megawatts of capacity in Texas.

The Digital Web/OperationsAnalyst is responsible for analyzing web data and contributing to reliant.com’s overall strategy involving acquisition and retention. They will be using web tools such as Adobe Analytics, Test & Target, Foresee, SDL Tridion, and Google 360 to support all facets of the decision-making platform. They will demonstrate the ability to work independently, drawing conclusions from complex data sets and communicating test results clearly to executives, manager and associates.

Essential Duties/Responsibilities:
Deliver insights, manage and support site optimization efforts using Adobe Analytics, Test & Target, Foresee and SDL Tridion; proactively analyze reliant.com for areas of opportunities and actionable recommendations
Work with internal stakeholders to establish KPIs and related metrics for new products, site enhancements and site redesigns
Provide strategic recommendations and support to marketing, IT, and UX initiatives that involve testing; provide business case support for web projects
Collaborate with content strategists to optimize efficacy of messaging, branding and digital communications to users
Interface and collaborate with business and marketing managers to provide support for web strategies and initiatives
Perform quantitative analysis of marketing, acquisition and retention performance
Administer Adobe Analytics and Test & Target and troubleshoot with internal users
Minimum Requirements:
Ideally 3-5+ years of experience in consulting, project management, web analytics, metrics, and website optimization based on analytics, however candidates with a strong and provable analytics passion of any experience level will be considered.
Experience in developing and maintaining business reports, performing ad hoc analysis, and delivering business recommendations; Experience working with and reporting web traffic, financial/business reporting and analysis
Adobe Analytics experience preferred
Preferred Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree – emphasis on business analysis, project management, marketing, communications, or information systems
Master’s Degree in business administration, analytics, or marketing
Additional Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Working knowledge of usability principles and website best practices
Ability to work independently to meet multiple project deadlines; handle multiple tasks – switching priorities and focus as needed
Ability to learn new software and concepts quickly; ability to learn and adapt to evolving conditions and fluid requirements
Passion for detail with a track record demonstrating initiative, drive and quality output
Excellent oral, organizational and written communication skills; troubleshooting and critical thinking skills
Strong and demonstrated problem-solving skills, with the ability to take ownership of problems and see them through to resolution
Highly organized, creative and attentive to detail; able to manage, prioritize and bring to completion multiple projects
Excellent interpersonal skills, flexibility to accommodate different situations and temperaments
Persistence, resourcefulness, drive, and ability to work proactively and independently
Proficient in MS Office applications;
Knowledge of or experience with at least one: CMS, Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, and Adobe Test and Target


Physical Requirements:
Close visual acuity to perform activities such as: preparing and analyzing data and figures; transcribing; viewing a computer terminal; extensive reading.
Occasional overtime work may be required as projects require.
Professional, fast paced, high intensity office environment.
#LI-DL

NRG Energy is committed to a drug and alcohol free workplace. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable collective bargaining agreement, employees are subject to periodic random drug testing, and post-accident and reasonable suspicion drug and alcohol testing. EOE AA M/F/Protected Veteran Status/Disability
EEO is the Law Poster (The poster can be found at http://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf)

Level, Title and/or Salary may be adjusted based on the applicant's experience or skills.

Official description on file with Human Resources
