About Us:

Headquartered in beautiful Santa Barbara, HG Insights is the global leader in technology intelligence. HG Insights uses advanced data science methodologies to help the world's largest technology firms and the fastest growing companies accelerate their sales, marketing, and strategy efforts.

We offer a casual yet professional environment. Get your sweat on at one of our fitness classes or go for a run along the beach which is two blocks away. You can find employees riding bikes to lunch in the funk zone or hanging out in one of our collaboration spaces. We are passionate about our jobs with a get-it-done attitude, yet we don't take ourselves too seriously.

What You'll Do:

We are looking for a data scientist with software development or data engineering background to join our research team which reports directly to the CTO. We are a rapidly growing company with small focused engineering teams that deliver innovative features to a fast growing market. We build big-data systems utilizing cutting edge technologies and solutions that allow for our engineers to continuously learn and develop while shipping amazing products.

Qualities/ Experience:
Self-learner, hacker, technology advocate who can work on anything
Amazing engineering skills, you're on your way to being the one of the best engineers you know
You can architect, design, code, test, and mentor others
Experience working with interesting and successful projects
Thrive in a fast growing environment
Excellent written and spoken English communication
An interest in Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing
What You'll Be Responsible For:
Build solutions for text classification, entity linking, and entity extraction and other related projects
Scaling machine learning and NLP projects to run against large datasets in virtualized environments.
You will collaborate with Product Development Teams to build the most effective solutions
You will develop features in our databases, backend apps, front end UI, and Data as a Service (DAAS) product
You will help architect and design large scale enterprise big-data systems
You will work on ideas from different team members as well as your own
Fix bugs rapidly
Attend daily stand-up meetings, planning sessions, encourage others, and collaborate at a rapid pace
What You'll Need:
BS, MS, or Ph.D. in Computer Science or related technical discipline
Experience Natural Language Processing, preferably in a commercial setting.
Experience building Logistic Regression Models
Proficient in Python and Jupyter as well as related data science libraries (such as Scikit-learn, NLTK, SpaCy, Tensorflow)
Proficient in Java or Scala (3+ years experience recommended)
Experience with MySQL, ElasticSearch, ESB, Hadoop, Spark, or other related data processing/database technologies
Experience with Amazon Web Services (EC2, S3, RDS, EMR, ELB, etc.)
Experience with web services using REST in Java
Actual coding experience in large distributed environments with multiple endpoints and complex interactions
Comfortable in an agile development environment
Understanding and have real world experience using design patterns
Comfortable programming on a Mac with Intellij and other tools
HG Insights Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Please note that HG Insights does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters or employment agencies. In the event of a recruiter or agency submitting a resume or candidate without a signed agreement being in place, we explicitly reserve the right to pursue and hire such candidates without any financial obligation to the recruiter or agency. Any unsolicited resumes, including those submitted directly to hiring managers, are deemed to be the property of HG Insights
