The work is in support of targeting and watchlisting operations, and specifically document and media exploitation.

Handles raw data (e.g. structured, unstructured, and mixed datasets), and analyzes data through the application of various statistical techniques or tools.
Familiar with programming languages such as, but not limited to: R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark.
Experienced in working with and exploiting big data; distributed computing; predictive modelling; mathematics; statistics; machine learning; story-telling; and visualization.
Demonstrates ability to extract meaning from and interpret data using a variety of tools and methods from statistics and machine learning.
Ability to collect, clean, and mung data in a timely manner as part of a cross-functional team in an intelligence, or related, environment.
Possesses strong working knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and Word.

Required Education:
Associates and 6 years; or
Bachelors and 4 years; or
Masters and 2 years.
Required Experience:
Experience with programming languages such as, but not limited to: R, SAS, Python, MatLab, SQL, Hive, Pig, and Spark.
Experiece with using the Microsoft Office suite, including Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio, and Word.
Required Clearance: TS/SCI
Desired Qualifications: Homeland security knowledge and experience.
About Aveshka:
Aveshka is a professional services firm focused on addressing our nation’s most complex threats and challenges. As a small business we’re committed to supporting our clients’ missions with services delivered by our diverse and experienced staff. With expertise in cybersecurity, emergency preparedness, and public health, our experience base spans federal, state, and local governments, as well as private sector entities.
Aveshka encourages collaborative communication and ongoing learning. Some of our benefits include:
Extensive training programs
Gym membership reimbursement
Education reimbursement
Technology benefits
Commuter benefits
Generous paid time off and much more!
Aveshka is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)
