Prosperity Bank is seeking to fill the position of Loan Review Analyst III in Bellaire.

The Loan Review Analyst III will analyze and conduct systematic loan reviews of business-related credits to ascertain adequacy of credit quality and compliance with established policies. Identify credit risk and assign a credit grade.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND BASIC DUTIES
Analyst completes Reviews independently.
Provides guidance to Loan Review Analyst I & II staff in Review preparation.
Performs intermediate supervisor duties.
Spreading and analysis of commercial financial statements & tax returns of existing loan customers as well as personal financial statements and tax returns of related guarantors.
Perform loan reviews of existing commercial loans:
• Compile & input loan and financial data obtained from loan system and file documents into individual loan review forms.
• Identify documentation and policy exceptions in the individual report.
• Assess and provide factors relevant to the credit grade determination of the loan(s).
• Recommend credit grades based on creditworthiness of borrower and provide supporting reasons.
Assist with quarterly board loan review meeting preparation: Collecting reviews into shared folder, creating cover page listing of reviews, compiling report of exceptions from the reviews, compiling exception trend reports, etc.
Assist with quarterly allocation and collection of loan reviews performed by Credit Analysts.
Assist with annual compilation of banks large loan relationships and quarterly compilation of banks top 20 loan relationships.
Assist with analysis, monitoring, and grade changes using target-risk loan data reports.
Other duties as assigned.

Perform loan reviews of existing commercial loans:
Compile & input loan and financial data obtained from loan system and file documents into individual loan review forms.
Identify documentation and policy exceptions in the individual report.
Assess and provide factors relevant to the credit grade determination of the loan(s).
Recommend credit grades based on creditworthiness of borrower and provide supporting reasons.
Assist with quarterly board loan review meeting preparation: Collecting reviews into shared folder, creating cover page listing of reviews, compiling report of exceptions from the reviews, compiling exception trend reports, etc.

Assist with quarterly allocation and collection of loan reviews performed by Credit Analysts.

Assist with annual compilation of banks large loan relationships and quarterly compilation of banks top 20 loan relationships.

Assist with analysis, monitoring, and grade changes using target-risk loan data reports.

Other duties as assigned.

QUALIFICATIONS:

EDUCATION/CERTIFICATION:

Bachelors Degree in Business Administration, Accounting or Finance with a minimum of 12 hours of accounting.

EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:

A minimum of 5 years experience in commercial credit areas of banking is preferred. Some experience in intermediate supervisor duties preferred.

SKILLS/ABILITIES:

Must be analytical and detail oriented.
Working knowledge of Excel, MS Word, and database applications.
Ability to learn new software applications.
Good oral and written communication skills.
Ability to learn and adhere to policies, procedures, and compliance regulations.
Work productively under direct supervision as well as independently.

MENTAL ACTIVITIES AND REQUIREMENTS OF THIS POSITION:

REASONING ABILITY:

Ability to deal with a variety of variables under only limited standardization.
Able to interpret various instructions.

MATHEMATICS ABILITY:

Ability to compute interest, payments, profit and loss, financial ratios, percentage, cash flow and debt service.
Able to perform very simple algebra.

LANGUAGE ABILITY:

Ability to read a variety of books, magazines, instruction manuals, atlases, and encyclopedias.
Ability to prepare memos, internal loan applications, reports, and essays using
proper punctuation, spelling, and grammar.
Ability to communicate distinctly with appropriate pauses and emphasis, correct
pronunciation (or sign equivalent), and variation in word order using present,
perfect, and future tenses.

HOURS ARE: Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm

Prosperity Bank is committed to providing our customers a personalized service experience, we're looking for people who are passionate about satisfying customers, will not settle for the average, embrace creativity and operate with a sense of purpose. If this is you, then we are looking forward to meeting you and are excited that you are interested in joining Prosperity Bank - where we are Simply Better!

Come join our team and explore the endless possibilities that a career in banking can provide!

A pre-employment credit check will be performed on all qualified applicants.

Prosperity Bank is an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer, and Member of the FDIC.
