Director of Business Analysis

About Beyond Finance:
Beyond Finance is an exciting next-generation Financial Services company with offices in San Diego, Chicago, and Houston TX. We provide financial products that are simple and transparent that aim to improve people's lives. As the consumer debt market continues to grow in the United States; we made it our objective to create a transparent and fair debt management services that are customized to the consumers' individual circumstances.

Our Leadership team comprises of individuals who have extensive experience and expertise in the financial services and debt management spheres. Their proven experiences have helped to create and grow brands such as WebEx, Barclays, Prosper, and Capital One. We are reinventing the market by investing in innovative technologies to better identify and target the market segment. At the same time, extensive market research also enables us to customize our products to better serve them. What sets us apart as a company is the people that we have in the organization. Our team spirit and company culture further solidified the foundation to provide world-class services and create a fun and innovative working environment.

About the Role

The Director of Business Analysis will be responsible for performing analysis as a high-level individual contributor, using judgment to solve critical business problems and potentially leading and developing a team of analysts. The ideal candidate will have a strategic mindset and will quickly build a deep understanding of the business. The director will need the ability to understand the impacts of their recommendations (first order and second order consequences). Effective presentation skills and the ability to tailor presentations to your audience are required. In this role there is a specific focus on SQL skills and dataset manipulation, effective use of Excel / pivot tables, effective use of data visualization tools and successfully presenting analyses to stakeholders and internal customers.

At this level the director will need to effectively prioritize work based on a tradeoff of expected impact to the bottom line and analytical timelines. The director will lead progress on multiple strategic initiatives at any given time. The candidate should have strong experience with all parts of the testing life cycle - designing tests for statistical significance, leading through execution and handling any operational requirements, reading the results of the test and recommending new strategies based on the results.

What You'll Do
Independently operate to provide deep value to the company through data driven strategies and end to end ownership of multiple business projects
Conduct and presenting insightful analyses on major trends, challenges and opportunities and create clear and effective visualizations
Develop deep expertise of every aspect of running the business
Manage a team and set prioritization for multiple competing requests
Resolve issues and push through obstacles by being resourceful and self-directed
Design, execute, and read tests – all aspects of the testing lifecycle ownership
Become a thought leader in the company on all topics touching data, analysis and strategy
Bring structure to ambiguous business problems and recommend solutions that can be easily interpreted by non-analytical partners
Follow, maintain and improve all documentation for projects, analyses and reports
Provide subject matter expertise for multiple projects concurrently through all phases of the development lifecycle
Exercise flexibility in handling multiple tasks in this fast-paced FinTech/Start-up environment
Instill and maintain a strong corporate culture, focusing on positive intent, authenticity and clarity
What We Look For
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Economics, Engineering or other fields that focus on critical problem solving through quantitative methods
5 – 10 years of work experience in an analytical organization; 6+ years of experience working with joining data together, interrogating and vetting the data
2 – 4 years of experience managing a team and developing talent
Proficient understanding and experience working with various Data and Analysis technologies.
Significant experience with data-related best practices and methodologies; experience with relational structures, structured query language (SQL), data warehouse, and reporting techniques.
Significant experience with Microsoft Excel including pivot tables
Experience with business intelligence tools and data visualization concepts
Self-motivated and managed, exceptional follow-through
Solid problem-solving skills and a strong analytical thought process
Excellent oral and written communication skills and superior customer service record
Proven track record in taking ownership to deliver results within a fast-paced environment
Passionate about improving customer experience
Why join us?
We are looking for great people to join a fast-paced, growing, and innovative business. We offer:
Considerable employer contributions for health, dental and vision programs
Unlimited personal time-off
401(K) match
Merit advancement opportunities
Career development & training
More importantly, our team spirit and culture are what really sets us apart as a company. We're a world-class Financial Technology company that loves what we do…and we have fun doing it!

Under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"), Beyond Finance is informing California residents who are our job applicants, contractors or prospective employees (together "job applicants") about the categories of personal information we collect about you and the purposes for which we will use this information. This notice and our Privacy Policy contain important information relating to the CCPA and apply only to personal information that is subject to the CCPA. Please see our website for the full CCPA statement.

*Beyond Finance is an equal opportunity Employer*
