The Financial Analyst for the Americas is responsible for assisting the Director of FP&A in supporting Executive Management with timely and effective financial analysis and reporting.

Responsibilities:
Monthly consolidation, analysis, and publication of regional financial results and forecasts, including internal and external reporting
Coordinate and prepare monthly, quarterly, and yearly presentations / exhibits for reviews with Business Unit Executive Management
Prepare product line and business segment profitability reporting and analysis
Work and coordinate with site finance personnel to understand financial results and variances
Analyze P&L, working capital, and balance sheet positions
Special projects and ad-hoc analysis on an as needed basis
Provide on-the-job training to less experienced Analysts
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Accounting or Finance required
2 to 3 years of financial reporting experience
CPA and/or MA Degree, preferred
HFM experience, highly preferred
Mastery of systems, analytical tools, and data management: Demonstrates a mastery usage of analytical software (excel, HFM, Hyperion Planning, etc.) for descriptive modeling of performance drivers. In addition, he/she encourages proper use of the HFM global data warehouse to enable integrated, enterprise-wide planning and performance management. Capable of designing reports and analysis business managers will use.
Insatiable desire to solve business puzzles: Possesses a powerful, innate need to discover and illuminate the underlying drivers of and obstacles to performance. Exhibits strong problem-solving skills.
Excellent in Excel and Power Point proficiency
Outstanding oral and written communication skills; comfortable with interacting/presenting to all levels in organization
Work Authorization

No calls or agencies please. Emerson will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States. This is not a position for which sponsorship will be provided. Individuals with temporary visas such as E, F-1, H-1, H-2, L, B, J, or TN or who need sponsorship for work authorization now or in the future, are not eligible for hire.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Emerson is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, color, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, disability or protected veteran status. We are committed to providing a workplace free of any discrimination or harassment.

If you have a disability and are having difficulty accessing or using this website to apply for a position, you can request help by calling 1-314-553-2544 (V/TTY/TDD) or by sending an email to idisability.administrator@emerson.com.
