Position Summary:

Utilizing analytical and data management tools, performs intermediate level data creation, management, analysis and troubleshooting activities in support of multiple research projects and studies. Performs statistical analyses associated with research projects.

The candidate will work under the close direction of PI and other senior staff for team; utilizing analytical and data management tools, performs intermediate level data creation, management, analysis and troubleshooting activities in support of multiple research projects and studies. Performs statistical analyses associated with research projects.

Internal Medicine, Infectious Disease

Non Exempt

TMC Location

Full Time

Position Key Accountabilities:

Responsible for managing/maintaining data for multiple projects or research efforts.

Creates, supports, and troubleshoots tools or software used to manage data.

Develops and maintains quality controls for all research databases

Designs database queries and compiles, analyzes, and reports statistical data for research projects.

Interfaces with vendors and offsite researchers and coordinators.

Other duties as assigned.
Clinical research experience; electronic data entry systems experience. Detailed knowledge of query design, report creation, and graphic representations of data. Knowledge and experience managing complex databases.

Experience providing analysis of data. Bilingual (Spanish). GCP/HSP certifications.

Certification/Skills:

Detailed knowledge of query design, report creation, and graphic representations of data.
Knowledge and experience managing complex databases.
Experience providing analysis of data.

Minimum Education:

Bachelor’s degree in business, computer science, or related field or related experience in lieu of education.

Minimum Experience:

Three years of experience with complex databases. May substitute required experience with equivalent years of education beyond the minimum education requirement

Physical Requirements:

Exerts up to 50 pounds of force occasionally and/or up to 20 pounds frequently and/or up to 10 pounds constantly to move objects.
This position may include work involving potentially hazardous chemical, biological or radioactive agents.

Security Sensitive:

This job class may contain positions that are security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Texas Education Code § 51.215
