We are looking for the right people — people who want to innovate, achieve, grow and lead. We attract and retain the best talent by investing in our employees and empowering them to develop themselves and their careers. Experience the challenges, rewards and opportunity of working for one of the world’s largest providers of products and services to the global energy industry.

Summary: Under general supervision, support and/or lead the Opportunity to Cash (OTC) value stream and functions in one or more of the following disciplines: Pricing and Contract Management, Proposal or Sales Order Management, Remote field ticket creation.

Required Qualifications:
Under the direction of OTC Management develops reports requiring a high degree of accuracy and detailed knowledge of OTC processes.
Reconciles analytical data as required.
Can be called upon to assist OTC Management in creation of new globally used metrics.
Will provide training, coaching and mentoring to entry level employees in singular or group sessions.
Drives quality and continuous improvement across the OTC function and touchpoints with PSLs and other support functions.
Strong computer and analytical skills are required.
Additionally, incumbent must have strong interpersonal, communication, and organization skills.
Completion of an Undergraduate degree in Business or related discipline required.
Preferred Qualifications:
PSL-specific knowledge and understanding of OTC process.
Candidates having qualifications that exceed the minimum job requirements will receive consideration for higher level roles given (1), their experience, (2) additional job requirements, and/or (3) business needs. Depending on education, experience, and skill level, a variety of job opportunities might be available, including OTC Analyst and Lead OTC Analyst.

Halliburton is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, disability, genetic information, pregnancy, citizenship, marital status, sex/gender, sexual preference/ orientation, gender identity, age, veteran status, national origin, or any other status protected by law or regulation.

Location

3000 N. Sam Houston Parkway E., Houston, Texas, 77032, United States

Job Details

Requisition Number: 87695
Experience Level: Entry-Level
Job Family: Support Services
Product Service Line: Finance
Full Time / Part Time: Full Time

Additional Locations for this position:

Compensation Information
Compensation is competitive and commensurate with experience.
