Prescient Edge is seeking an Intelligence Analyst to support a Federal government client. As an Intelligence Analyst, you will:
Prepare intelligence reports and assessments for the supported command's mission planning and force protection efforts. The primary focus is two-fold: (1) identify asymmetric threats and vulnerabilities to U.S. interests in the area of responsibility and (2) assess and monitor the internal security situation in the area of responsibility as it pertains to force protection.
Prepare intelligence reports and recommend courses of actions to the Government on measures. Products include threat assessments, trend analyses, and information papers using a multi-discipline 30 approach, incorporating all-source information to produce time-sensitive intelligence reports and finished intelligence products.
Prepare intelligence after action reports (AARs) in support of efforts aimed at developing a comprehensive intelligence training program to include instruction, exercises, and self-paced Computer Based Training (CBT). The training requirements shall include the development and delivery of specialized classes to train individuals, small teams, and units (to include those of partner nations) in the intelligence disciplines required to counter emerging threats. Topics for training may consist of virtually any intelligence-related task, including all-source analysis, link analysis, and pattern analysis to identify key vulnerabilities, such as adversary capabilities, to mitigate identified counterintelligence, counterterrorism, and force protection threats.
Benefits

At Prescient Edge, we believe that acting with integrity and serving our employees is the key to everyone's success. To that end, we provide employees with a best in class benefits package that includes:
A competitive salary with performance bonus opportunities
Comprehensive healthcare benefits, including medical, vision, dental, and orthodontia coverage
A substantial retirement plan with no vesting schedule
Career development opportunities, including on-the-job training, tuition reimbursement, and networking
A positive work environment where employees are respected, supported, and engaged
Job Requirements
Active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility
A Bachelor's degree from an accredited institution
Must be willing to undergo and successfully complete a counterintelligence-scope polygraph examination with No Deception Indicated (NDI) on a pre-appointment and periodic basis
Must be a graduate of any of the following Military Department All-Source Analysis Certifying Courses:
Army - Officer Basic and/or Advance Course (or Military Department / IC equivalent)
Army - 350F Course (or Military Department / IC equivalent)
Army - 35F Course (or Military Department / IC equivalent)
Minimum 8 years of experience as an All-Source Analyst
Understanding of Intelligence Support/Role in the MDMP
Familiarization with DCGS-A
College education cannot be used in lieu of experience
Prescient Edge is a Veteran-Owned Small Business (VOSB) founded as a counterintelligence (CI)/ Human Intelligence (HUMINT) company in 2008. It is a global operations and solutions integrator delivering full-spectrum intelligence analysis support, training, security, and technology R&D support solutions to the Department of Defense (DoD) and Throughout the Intelligence Community (IC).

www.prescientedge.com
