Collections Accountant/Dispute Resolution Analyst
Job Function


Accounting

Location


Houston, TX

Apply Now

Dispute Resolution Analyst

Essential Responsibilities

Accounting
Train and work closely with Expense Recovery team to understand JDE system set-up and billing
Analyze and resolve/make recommendations to resolve tenant billing disputes
Perform tenant ledger reconciliations
Review general ledger and other accounting records for accuracy and completeness in according with GAAP
Research tenant disputes for tenant Cam, Tax, and Insurance billings
Review or perform reconciliations of gross leasable area
Review and approve A/R tenant billing adjustments
Analyze accounting data and apply analytics to tenant recovery statistics to identify issues or inconsistencies
Review tenant year-end billings
Collections
Responsible for all aspects of resolving tenant disputes including account & lease research and negotiation with tenants
Responsible for interpretation of tenant expense recoveries based on leases.
Exercise independent judgment in determining whether additional internal stakeholders should be contacted when reviewing lease disputes.
Clearly communicate Weingarten's position to tenants.
Develop strong working relationships with key tenants
Call tenants, both major and small-shop, to collect rent and other charges as needed.
Willingness to perform clerical/administrative tasks, such as gathering invoice support in submitting invoices for adjustment.
Education and Experience
4-year degree required (Accounting is ideal but other business-related majors would also be considered).
Ideal applicant would have prior exposure to commercial real estate and/or J.D. Edwards
4+ years Accounting experience. Ideally, the candidate would have also spent 2+ years in a collections capacity.
Essential Skills
Able to read and interpret legal documents
Strong problem-solving and analytic skills
Excellent data entry skills - – computer and 10-key by touch
Excel: competency in spreadsheet work
Excellent work ethics
Ability to meet deadlines
Proactive, self-starter, and forward-thinking
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Ability to effectively prioritize
Excellent organizational skills
Detail-oriented & good auditing and investigative skills
Excellent attitude and team player
Flexibility
Ability to work overtime as needed
Weingarten is an EEO Employer; including Women, Minorities, Veterans and Disabled.
