Work Shift: DAY

Work Week: M - F

Job Summary

03/2017
JOB SUMMARY
The Sr. Medical Device Integraton (MDI) Analyst tasks include (but are not limited to) technical specifications, system design and development, systems integration and testing, technical support, and middleware integration project management. The Sr. MDI Analyst will apply expert level technical skills to intergrate physiological data from medical devices into the Electronic Medical Record (EMR) as demonstrated by direct experience with the EMR software, medical devices, and middleware solutions implemented at Houston Methodist.

Activities include working with multiple vendors/stakeholders to determine appropriate workflows based on clinical and technological requirements, designing and deploying solutions, developing rule sets to normalize data across disparate platforms, authoring technical documents, and troubleshooting issues to support complex clinical workflows.The Senior MDI Analyst will also have the ability to work with multi-disciplinary, cross-functional teams with members with diverse operational and technical skills. Must also train and mentor junior team members and Application Analysts on fundamental and advanced MDI concepts.

PATIENT AGE GROUP(S) AND POPULATION(S) SERVED
Refer to departmental 多Scope of Service多 and 多Provision of Care多 plans, as applicable, for description of primary age groups and populations served by this job for the respective HM entity.

HOUSTON METHODIST EXPERIENCE EXPECTATIONS

I. Provide personalized care and service by consistently demonstrating our I CARE values:

INTEGRITY: We are honest and ethical in all we say and do.
COMPASSION: We embrace the whole person including emotional, ethical, physical, and spiritual needs.
ACCOUNTABILITY: We hold ourselves accountable for all our actions.
RESPECT: We treat every individual as a person of worth, dignity, and value.
EXCELLENCE: We strive to be the best at what we do and a model for others to emulate.

II. Focuses on patient/customer safety
III. Delivers personalized service using HM Service Standards
IV. Provides for exceptional patient/customer experiences by following our Standards of Practice of always using Positive Language (AIDET, Managing Up, Key Words)
V. Intentionally rounds with patients/customers to ensure their needs are being met
VI. Involves patients (customers) in shift/handoff reports by enabling their participation in their plan of care as applicable to the given job

PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES

PEOPLE -15 %
Acts as liaison between multi-disciplinary, cross-functional teams bridging members with diverse operational and technical skills. (EF)
Initiates and maintains positive relationships with key customers and co-workers.
Facilitates team and client meetings and delivers informative, well-organized presentations.
Communicates effectively with clients to identify needs and evaluate alternative business solutions.
Proactively seeks opportunities to serve in leadership roles and facilitate IT and Business initiatives across departments. (EF)
Trains and mentors other team members through both formal and informal methods. (EF
SERVICE -30 %
Develops and implements solutions to intergrate physiological data from medical devices into the Electronic Medical Record based on clinical and technological requirements. (EF)
Facilitate working group sessions with the Clinical Departments to identify and drive requirements to improve Business Processes. (EF)
Sets customer expectations, prioritizes tasks, and delivers solutions on time.
Assists with managing customer expectations and deliverables.
Continually seeks opportunities to increase customer satisfaction and deepen client relationships and effectively manages client expectations effectively.
QUALITY/SAFETY -30 %
Designs and deploys solutions, developing rule sets to normalize data across disparate platforms. (EF)
Communicates project progress, results and recommendations through meetings, phone calls, presentations and written reports.
Proactively communicates potential project and implementaton issues, plans for resolution, and produces status updates to all stakeholders including, departments to customers and Management.
Creates custom solutions or advanced configuration options to solve operational or workflow issues
Establishes project plans and objectives to ensure goal attainment within defined parameters.
FINANCE -10 %
Coordinates and provides problem resolution, technical analyses, costs and resource estimates, work plans, workflow documentation, and progress reports on assigned projects. (EF)
Applies project management methodology standards to communicate and successfully accomplish assigned projects within budget guidelines.
Assists in budgetary planning.
GROWTH/INNOVATION -15 %
Reviews and edits requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations related to proposed solution. (EF)
Identifies and documents system deficiencies and recommends solutions. (EF)
Ensures the creation and completion of project deadlines and schedules.
This job description is not intended to be all inclusive; the employee will also perform other reasonably related business/job duties as assigned. Houston Methodist reserves the right to revise job duties and responsibilities as the need arises.

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
High School diploma or equivalent education (examples include: GED, verification of homeschool equivalency, partial or full completion of post-secondary education, etc.).
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Programming or Business Administration preferred.

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Minimum of 7 years of IT experience, which includes 2+ years of advanced MDI experience configuring, deploying, and maintaining medical device integration into an Epic EMR using Capsule middleware. In depth knowledge of the following technologies, workflows, and standards:

Capsule medical device middleware, hardware, and accessories, including: server configuration, SmartLinx platform, Axon, Neuron, ChartXpress, and DIM programming
Epic build structure, including: DEV, FDV, FDC, Device Groups
HL7 interface integration, including: ADT and ORU (results) syntax, plus Corepoint, Cloverleaf, and Epic Bridges experience
Epic MDI workflow, including: mapping of data from disperate sources, Anesthesia, ChartXpress, fixed, and non-fixed

High level knowledge of the following technologies and standards:

Medical devices, including: GE physiological monitoring, Anesthesia equipment, ventilators, etc.
Terminal server
XML and JSON encoding
TCP/IP network protocol
Serial communications

HMIT

Equal Employment Opportunity

Houston Methodist is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Equal employment opportunity is a sound and just concept to which Houston Methodist is firmly bound. Houston Methodist will not engage in discrimination against or harassment of any person employed or seeking employment with Houston Methodist on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, status as a protected veteran or other characteristics protected by law.

VEVRAA Federal Contractor priority referral Protected Veterans requested.

Company Profile

Houston Methodist (HM) is one of the nations leading health systems and academic medical centers. HM consists of 7 hospitals: Houston Methodist Hospital, its flagship academic hospital in the heart of the Texas Medical Center and six community hospitals throughout the greater Houston metropolitan area. HM also includes a research institute, a global business division, numerous physician practices and several free standing emergency rooms and outpatient facilities. Overall, HM employs over 20,000 employees. FORBES magazine has placed Houston Methodist on its annual list of Best Employers in 2016. Houston Methodist is supported by a wide variety of business functions that operate at the system level to help enable clinical departments to provide the best patient care and service in a spiritual environment.
