Job Description
There’s a reason Insperity was ranked in the top 3% on WorkplaceDynamics’ National Top Workplaces list and named one of the top 100 companies to work for in the U.S.

Want to work for us and find out why?

As a trusted advisor to America’s best businesses for more than 34 years, Insperity provides an array of human resource and business solutions designed to help improve business performance. In addition, we provide the client company and their worksite employees with a wide array of value-added benefits and services.

Insperity offers a competitive compensation package and a world-class benefits package, including 19 days paid time off, 8 paid holidays, medical, dental and vision benefits, 401k and tuition reimbursement. At Insperity, we’re committed to providing a positive work environment, and to helping our employees succeed both personally and professionally.

Financial Analyst

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS

Under general supervision and moderate decision-making:
Prepares, creates and analyzes reports from WebFocus, Lawson or other available reporting tools to support or extend the understanding of the Company’s primary financial metrics and financial results. Reports on HIPAA data as needed, including verification of medical benefits allocations billed and collected from clients.
Recommends metrics needed to meet reporting requirements, including the identification of relevant data and determining the appropriate audience for report analysis.
Maintains effective working relationships with budget owners and other internal customers and ensures reports utilized for budgeting and forecasting meet their needs.
Analyzes all assigned accounts to identify trends in the Company’s operating results and communicates findings to management as appropriate in timely and concise manner.
Assists in planning and coordinating the budget process. Creates and maintains the cost and revenue drivers and related formulas necessary to produce the budget.
Prepares analysis needed to assist budget preparers throughout the Company, including analysis to test the reasonableness of submitted budget/forecast assumptions.
Assists in the maintenance of budget and forecasting models/systems.
Performs or supervises special projects as required by Department management.
Prepares and coordinates quarterly, annual and other reports with the SEC, including XBRL compliance.
Prepares and distributes internal financial reports to management, including routine monthly financial reports and various analytical reports.
Prepares financial statements and agreed upon financial reports for statutory and compliance purposes on a quarterly basis.
Coordinates efforts with external auditors for annual financial statement and internal control audits, quarterly reviews and agreed upon procedures.
EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting/Finance or related field is required.
Two years of reporting and analysis experience is preferred.
KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS
Ability to multi-task with general instructions and possesses the self-motivation to accomplish objectives.
Experience with Lawson or comparable Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) system is preferred.
Experience with Hyperion Reporting tools and Workiva is a plus.
Requires analytical and decision-making skills necessary to answer business questions utilizing data and other analytical information.
Must be familiar with modern office methods, practices, procedures and equipment including computerized accounting systems and spreadsheet software. Must display an ability to plan, organize, and complete work in a timely manner.
Must communicate clearly and concisely, verbally and in writing; work effectively and accurately under narrow time limitations; work effectively with others; work independently from general instructions; and maintain effective work relations with those encountered in the course of employment.
At Insperity, we celebrate the diversity of our employees and our leadership. Insperity is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.
