Please note that this role requires relocation to Washington D.C.
As a Resource Analyst for the CIA, you will work closely with mission experts, program managers, and Agency leaders to strategically plan, develop, analyze, and prioritize internal program budgets in support of CIA and Intelligence Community mission objectives. Resource analysts serve as trusted resource advisors to CIA components, integrating best practices and leveraging collaborative partnerships to ensure value, impact, and accountability in resource management across the enterprise.

Resource Analysts tee up internal business decisions, develop and implement program analysis methodologies to better evaluate mission impact, formulate and justify CIA's budget requests, assess key expenditure areas to identify efficiencies and adjust priorities, oversee operating year spending, and drive year-round strategic resource planning to inform decision making and convey mission impact.

The CIA expects its officers to operate as a team and inclusively leverage expertise to accomplish mission. Therefore, resource analysts work closely not only within their assigned component but also with stakeholders and decision makers across CIA, the Intelligence Community, the White House, and Congress.

As a new employee, you will be introduced to the CIA through embedded assignments with mission managers to help you acclimate to the resource analyst profession, leveraging any professional expertise you developed prior to starting your CIA career. Together with the specialized training intended to build your CIA resource analysis tradecraft, these assignments will help forge a strong understanding of the mission impacts underpinning CIA's tactical budget formulation and its more strategic, out-year resource planning. Successively more complex assignments in a variety of mission areas will build your acumen as a well-rounded intelligence officer and resource management professional.

Enterprise Functions at the CIA - Office of the Chief Financial Officer


The Office of the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) is part of the CIA's Enterprise Functions, which provides governance and oversight to the business of intelligence effort across the Agency at Headquarters and in locations worldwide. The CFO leads end-to-end program planning and is responsible for the Agency's budget formulation and execution.

Qualifications
US citizenship required (dual-national US citizens eligible). All positions require relocation to the Washington, DC metro area.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in one of the following fields or related studies:
Business management
Finance
Mathematics
Economics
Public Policy / Public Administration
Marketing
Business Information Systems / Management Information Systems
Or, any major that requires students to develop and apply critical thinking, analysis and writing skills
GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4-point scale is preferred, but exceptions may be made for extenuating circumstances
Prior experience as a public sector budget, program, or resource analyst
Strong critical thinking and analytic skills
Excellent writing and presentation skills
Ability to explain complex technical program issues to non-technical customers, often on short notice
Excellent interpersonal skills
Excellent organizational and time management skills
Strong initiative
Attention to detail
Comfortable working both independently and on teams
All applicants must successfully complete:


A thorough medical and psychological exam
A polygraph interview
A comprehensive background investigation
To be considered suitable for Agency employment, applicants must generally not have used illegal drugs within the last 12 months. The issue of illegal drug use prior to 12 months ago is carefully evaluated during the medical and security processing.

How to Apply
If you are ready to apply, add this position to your job cart. You can add up to four (4) positions. Job cart selections will only be retained during this site visit, so be sure to click "Apply Now" before closing the browser window. After clicking "Apply Now" you will be taken to the application account creation page. The positions will appear in the cart once you have created an account.

DO NOT submit multiple applications; this will only slow the review of your application and delay processing. Please read the Application Instructions carefully before you begin the online application process.
Important application instructions for this position:

The following items must be attached to your on-line application (PDF format preferred):
Resume
Unofficial transcripts for all degrees
A cover letter in which you specify your qualifications for this position. Please address why you want to work in this role and what differentiates you from other applicants
Writing sample, three (3) pages MAXIMUM, single spaced, that focuses on your current area of expertise or interests and is related to your interest in positions at CIA. You can excerpt longer papers

Important Notice: Friends, family, individuals, or organizations may be interested to learn that you are seeking employment with the CIA. Their interest, however, may not be benign or in your best interest. Once you reveal your interest you lose control of that information. We ask all applicants to exercise discretion and good judgment in disclosing your interest in a position with the CIA. You will receive further guidance on this topic as you proceed through your CIA employment processing.
