About Us
Harris Health is a nationally recognized health system comprising three teaching hospitals and an extensive network of ambulatory care centers serving the people of Harris County, Texas, since 1966. Staffed by the faculty, fellows and residents from two nationally ranked medical schools, Baylor College of Medicine and The University of Texas Health Science Center at Houston (UTHealth), Harris Health is the first healthcare system in Houston to receive the prestigious National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) designation for its network of patient-centered medical homes.

Each year, Harris Health provides more than 1.8 million total outpatient visits through its more than 40 ambulatory care facilities. Additionally, Harris Health sees more than 177,000 emergency visits at its Level 1 and Level 3 trauma centers and 35,000 hospital admissions through its two hospitals: Ben Taub and LBJ.

Established by voter referendum to enhance the level of charity care available in the community, Harris Health System has often received national recognition for serving those in need and for its achievements in operational excellence, such as being named to the 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 Most Wired Hospitals lists by the American Hospital Associations Hospitals & Health Networks magazine.

Additionally, Harris Health System is pleased that each of its hospitals Ben Taub and Lyndon B. Johnson achieved Pathway to Excellence designation by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
Department Marketing Statement
Job Profile
The Epic Business Analyst III ensures that the operational interests of their respective functional areas are being fully represented in the day-to-day operations of the Information Systems Department. This role supports all application deployed within the Harris Health System.

Minimum Qualifications
Education/Specialized Training/Licensure: Computer Science Bachelor degree or related Experience

Work Experience:
5+ Years within I.S.
Three (3) Years Hospital Health Care Organizations Business Analysis
Epic Cadence, Grand Central/Prelude build and analysis experience
Management Experience: Resource oversight experience

Special Requirements
Communication Skills: Above Average Verbal (Heavy Public Contact), Exceptional Verbal (e.g., Public Speaking) Writing/Composing (Correspondence/Reports)
Other Skills: Analytical, Design, Research, Statistical

MORE INFORMATION ABOUT THIS POSITION

This is a new position that will join our Harris Health System Community Connect project team to help roll out our Epic system to a local, non-Harris Health System healthcare partner. This will not be your run-of-the-mill, family practice implementation as our partner has some very unique workflows and functionality. We are looking for a self-motivated and experienced analyst to assist with development, go-live, and long-term optimization and support. If you enjoy a creative, out-of-the-box problem-solving that combines technical, workflow, and relationship management skills and keeps you on your toes we have the perfect job for you!

JOB FUNCTIONS

The Business Analyst on this project will work directly with customers to capture current state workflows, produce process and gap analyses, map future-state workflows, and conduct needs assessments. Will be responsible for all aspects of Epic build, testing, validationn, go-live readiness, implementation and post-implementation support.

While self-motivation is a plus, most important is your ability to collaborate effectively with customers and a multi-disciplinary group of teammates including billing, HIM, lab, imaging, pharmacy, interface, technical, ambulatory, and inpatient clinical analysts. (Please note: Due to the high degree of collaboration and team integration required, working remotely during the project phase of this position will not be possible, but maybe later!)

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES
Participates in core Epic project activities: design, build, test, implement and post-implementation support.
Demonstrates an understanding of Epic functionality and how clinical, business, and ancillary modules interact.
Works closely with users to identify problems and provide solutions. Demonstrates an understanding of users needs.
Provides troubleshooting for all applications and software within assigned area.
Works independently on problems of moderate scope where analysis may involves multiple factors.
Analyzes reasonably complex issues and develops/implements solutions with general guidance.
Thinks outside the box to creatively solve problems while staying aligned with existing, foundation build.
Participates as needed to install upgrades, patches and fixes.
Manages issues/risks and escalate as required.
Assists in the design, delivery, and maintenance of related training programs and materials.
Seeks workflow guidance and technical information from managers and teammates as needed.
Provides weekly status reports.
Tracks effort hours by customer and task using a Time Management software system.
Educates customers informally to ensure efficient and effective use of Epic system as designed.
Be available for after hours, on-call rotation shifts as needed.
GENERAL QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:
Current Epic certification in one or more Epic front office business modules is required: Cadence, Prelude, Grand Central.
Additional Epic certifications or proficiency in the following are a plus: HIM, Identity, Referrals, Community Connect, Reporting Workbench
3 - 5 years Epic analysis and relevant build experience, including experience implementing advanced systems.
Strong attention to detail with advanced knowledge of both clinic and hospital workflows.
Understanding of Epic system capabilities to address process requirements.
Demonstrated ability to develop creative solutions for complex problems.
Strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills. Able to communicate effectively with technical teammates, as well as managers and customers/users.
Independent, energetic, creative, and self-motivated team player!
Benefits and EEOC
Harris Health System benefits program is designed to provide you with more flexibility and choices in meeting your specific needs. Harris Health System benefits program allows you to protect your income in case of illness, death and disability, and to help you save for retirement.

It is the policy of Harris Health System to provide equal opportunity for all applicants for employment regardless political affiliation, race, color, national origin, age, sex, religious creed or disability. Applicants may request any reasonable accommodation(s) to participate in the application process.
Job Category
Information Technology
