Westlake Chemical offers you the potential to enrich your work life and career experience in an entrepreneurial environment. We work together to enhance peoples' lives through our products and presence in the communities in which we operate.

Westlake Chemical Corporation in Houston, TX seeks a Principal Analyst - Functional MM. Worksites:2801 Post Oak Blvd., Suite 600, Houston, Texas, 77056 and 2700 Post Oak Blvd., Level 18, Houston, Texas 77056

Job Duties: Support the operations of the organization's SAP ECC System and other associated Business Software Application in Procurement and Inventory management areas. Provide support and development of SAP and other system functions required for the Procure-to-Pay (PTP) process that include purchasing, master data, procurement contract administration & management, MRP requisition & PO Fulfillment, Feedstock procurement, storehouse inventory management & receiving, warehouse management, handling units, spend analysis reporting, catalogs, vendor invoice processing, message outputs, and vendor EDI & Interfaces. Be responsible for the planning and coordination of the PTP process required for application change management, application security and controls, and the provision of enhancements and new applications necessary for business operations, including providing functional (subject matter) guidance with regards to content, processes, and procedures with materials management application suited for meeting the current and future needs of business units. Provide guidance concerning the business implications regarding various system options when changing or adding functionality. Assist users in identifying needs as business expert. Be responsible for day-to-day procedures related to the identification, prioritization, and resolution of SAP, Ariba, SAP Syclo and related application problem tickets. Contribute to problem resolution by giving in-person, hand-on support. Recommend systems modifications to reduce user problems. Identify user training opportunities and conduct the appropriate end-user training which may require the development of training materials as required. Guide and assist the business units and SAP application support team on issues related to the design, development, and support of mission critical information and business applications. Manage and resolve support requests in compliance with annual application support goals and service levels for area of responsibility in conjunction with the business unit and IS management. Work with operations and maintenance of SAP functions for area of responsibility, including relevant SAP configuration, and work closely with the technical team, responsible for ABAP development and other non-SAP application development, to ensure secure and reliable operations as well as application architecture consistency and integrity. Provide functional support and troubleshooting of system configuration for area of responsibility (and other SAP modules as appropriate). Coordinate response to and resolution of SAP application incidents and performance issues for area of responsibility. Handle level 3 system support calls that cannot be resolved by existing SAP Help desk. Monitor operation of critical SAP process and services for area of responsibility. Review, approve and test software updates. Provide project management for related service requests for new reports or enhancements. Conduct research and make recommendations on business application products, services, and standards in support of application development efforts for assigned processes. Enforce established SAP and other application security access controls. Review security profile changes to ensure private and sensitive data is protected. Coordinate or perform application and security audits. Understand and follow standard system life cycle methods, quality assurance testing and Sarbanes Oxley program change controls. Coordinate and maintain change control and testing processes for modifications to the SAP application environment. Ensure training materials and user skills are current and coordinate necessary user training. On assigned projects, monitor progress of deliverables, co-manage key project risks and issues, and monitor performance of implementation partners as appropriate. Facilitate and work on design sessions to review and/or configure new systems and features. Recommend improvements and solutions which would improve business efficiency, quality and/or process while maximizing SAP functionality. Create/review and QA functional designs and specifications for configurations, application security, reports, data conversions and interfaces. Transfer SAP knowledge and capabilities to the business unit organizations including the planning, organization, development, preparation, and delivery of documentation and individual or classroom training sessions. Provide services to ensure SAP implementation/customization activities are integrated with other SAP modules. Test and assist in the development and execution of the functional and acceptance test plans to ensure proper operation and freedom from defects. Assess the strategic fit of the initial design in terms of future projects or upgrades. Utilize SAP functional competencies in SAP Materials Management, SAP Warehouse Management, E-Procurement, and ESourcing. Work with SAP version ECC 6.0 or greater. Work with Ariba, MDM, MDG, Fiori, and Mobile Applications. Work with the Materials Management (MM), Inventory Management (IM), Warehouse Management (WM), Ariba, or any RF Mobile Data Applications and have the ability to integrate with other modules. Work with SAP Business Intelligence, EDI/IDoc, SAPScript, or ABAP debugging. Work with HP Quality Center and other Quality assurance and execution process.

MINIMUM EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Commerce, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering or Business Management.

MINIMIUM EXPERIENCE: 5 years of progressive relevant SAP Application Configuration experience with minimum 4 full cycle implementations.

ALTERNATE EDUCATION: Master's Degree in Computer Science, Commerce, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering or Business Management.

ALTERNATE EXPERIENCE: 3 years of relevant SAP Application Configuration experience with minimum 2 full life cycle implementations.

Please apply online at: https://www.westlake.com/. Must put job code WCC06283 on resume on cover.

#LI-DNI

Westlake Chemical is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any characteristics protected by applicable legislation.

If you are an active Westlake Chemical employee (or an employee of any Westlake Chemical affiliates), please do not apply here. Please go to your Workday homepage and click on the "Careers" worklet and view "Westlake Career Opportunities".
