Admissions Systems Analyst

Job Title: Admissions Systems Analyst
Position Number: FT-PROF-ENRMGNT-11072019

Departments:
Reports To: Director of Undergraduate Admissions
Job Status: Non-Exempt

Apply Now

Position Summary


Responsible for supporting the goals and objectives of the University through the implementation of enrollment management strategies and assessing how various automated systems can be utilized for the fulfillment of these strategies.

Job Responsibilities
Familiar with data query tools, statistical analyses, and data management systems used in the undergraduate Admissions office as well as the University in general. Such tools include but are not limited to Technolutions Slate CRM, MS Access, MS Excel, Argos Reporting tool and Ellucian Banner ERP.
Work with ITS and other Slate Captains to monitor/support Slate maintenance, testing, and data integrity.
Develop reports for enrollment management leadership, regulatory agencies, and internal and external audiences; on both a recurring and an as needed basis.
Develop and maintain an enrollment management systems data dictionary as well as internal user guides and instruction manuals as needed.
Monitor data integrity of enrollment management systems and notify appropriate personnel of data impairments.
Research industry best practices in data mining.
Serve on University, campus, and departmental committees/teams as required.
Manage the import and export of data to Slate CRM, including inquiry and applicant data from both internal and external sources. Maintain data integrity of all admissions files, applications, and decisions.
Serve a primary role in systems management of the Slate CRM, including testing, updates, training, and the creation of rules and workflows to support the Enrollment Management area.
Manage the institutional online applications with Slate, EAB, and Apply Texas. Including annual updates, process improvements and imports.
Serve as first level support for all CRM related concerns raised by staff and faculty, collecting necessary details and triaging the requests, including first level diagnostics
Oversee the admissions communications plan and the staff implementing the admissions communications plan, which includes email, print publications, and other marketing.
MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES:
None
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBLITIES:
Special projects and temporary duties as needed.
Qualifications


KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:
A four-year college or university degree (Bachelor’s Degree) is required.
3+ years of prior experience in higher education, Slate CRM, and data analysis are preferred
Experience using Customer Relationship Management (CRM) systems, in particular Technolutions Slate CRM is required.
Good organizational and time management skills.
Ability to self-start and self-initiate projects, while also being effective in working in a collaborative environment.
Ability to operate office equipment (i.e., copiers, fax machines, etc.).
Experience using student information systems, in particular Ellucian Banner student information system.
Understanding of current issues and trends in Admissions and Enrollment Management.
PHYSICAL DEMANDS:
Ability to lift or move objects up to 25 lbs. – occasionally
Ability to sit – frequently
Ability to stand for an extended period of time – occasionally
Ability to walk reasonable distances – occasionally
Ability to bend or stoop – occasionally
Ability to climb or reach overhead – occasionally
Ability to communicate via speech, hearing and sight – frequently
Ability to drive a car – occasionally.
Additional Information


WORKING CONDITIONS AND ENVIRONMENT:
Flexibility in working hours required, including occasional evening and weekend schedules during the year.

Houston Baptist University is committed to maintaining a teaching faculty and staff who share an active Christian faith. The Preamble to the By-Laws of the University sets forth a statement of belief which each University employee is expected to support and personify. Your submittal of an application for employment indicates your acceptance and affirmation of these statements.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all duties, responsibilities, and requirements of personnel.

**Disclaimer**

Background checks are performed on every new hire. If your application is selected to continue with the interviewing process you will be required to submit a Background Check form. If you decline, your application may be denied. By proceeding with the online application you understand and accept this process.
