Venterra Realty is a rapidly growing owner/operator of multi-family apartments with 60 apartment communities across 16 major US cities. Were honored that over 29,000 people and more than 5,000 pets call Venterra home! We have completed over $5.6 billion in transactions and manage a current portfolio of approximately $3 billion. Our current annual revenues are approximately $300M which we achieve on the commitment and dedication of over 600 team members.

COVID-19 has created some big changes in all of our daily lives, and weve made a number of significant changes to our operations, but at the end of the day, were still in the people business, and people will always deserve an amazing place to call home. So, while the way were doing business has changed, were still hiring across the Venterra portfolio!

Founded in 2001, we haven't just expanded our size; we've grown into a company that is paving a new way in the industry, where our employees can truly make a difference, career growth is available, and where our residents are provided an amazing living experience.

Were honored to have received the following workplace recognitions:
2017 & 2016 Glassdoor Best Place to Work
2019, 2018, 2017, & 2016 Fortune Top 100 Best Medium Workplaces
2018 Fortune Best Workplaces for Diversity
2020, 2019 & 2018 Fortune Best Workplaces in Texas
2018 Houston Top Workplaces
2018 Glassdoor Top CEOs
50 Most Engaged Workplacesby the Achievers Corporation
"Top Rated"recognition for 98% of our communities by com
We are looking for people who:
Have strong personal values and want to work for a values-based company
Are ambitious and hardworking with exceptionally high personal standards
Embrace problem-solving and learning new skills
Thrive in a rapidly changing and high growth environment
Are passionate about driving continuous improvements and the use of technology with data to drive business results
Places great importance on not only the customer experience but also the employee experience.
Commits to excellence in all areas. This is highlighted by outperforming all public Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) apartment peers on the key profitability growth metric (NOI Growth) over the past 5 plus years.
Is a recognized leader in organizational culture. Venterra was recognized as the #3 Best Place to Work by Glassdoor.com and a Top 100 Great Place to Work by Fortune Magazine.
Has a history of success and rapid organizational growth.
Is focused on developing our people. Over 75% of regional, corporate and executive positions have been filled through internal promotions
THE ROLE
Venterra is searching for an Asset Management Analyst. Based at our Houston corporate office located in The Vintage Park area, the Analyst will work directly with the Asset Management team with various objectives aimed at driving financial performance of Venterras multifamily assets.

As an integral part of the Asset Management team, the Analyst will take a supporting role in financial analysis, reporting, budgeting, project management, and acquisitions analysis. This person will have exceptional knowledge of excel, strong financial acumen, and a forensic attention to detail.

General responsibilities include:
Monitor and evaluate financial operating results with emphasis on identifying and actioning key drivers to enhance cash flow and profitability.
Assist in the development and execution of actionable items/projects identified in the financial review process.
Provide data support, review, and analysis of operating and capital budgets.
Perform ROI analysis and provide recommendations on capital expenditure projects.
Analyze asset expense performance relative to internal and external benchmarks.
Assist with the review and negotiation of 3rd party contracts.
Prepare, coordinate and ensure timely completion of property-level and portfolio reporting such as annual business plans, investor quarterly reports, monthly status reports, investor specific reports, and other reports as required.
Contribute to the improvement of existing processes and promote the adoption of best practices as related to the above duties and responsibilities.
THE QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelors degree in a finance, accounting, or other business-related field. Advanced degree preferred.
Proficient technical understanding with the ability to demonstrate moderate to advanced knowledge of MS Excel. Note: there is a written and application-based Excel test in the interview process.
1-3 years of prior experience in financial analysis and/or investment management.
Working knowledge of real estate investments, multifamily property management, and asset underwriting is a plus.
Self-starter with a strong sense of ownership, professional excellence, and assertive follow-through.
Must be able to effectively communicate with Senior Management and internal business partners.
Strong analytical and organizational skills with a passion for attention to detail is a must.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Ability to travel within the U.S. for three days at a time on short notice.
THE BENEFITS
Competitive Base Salary and performance bonus
A robust package of Health (Medical (PPO), Dental, Vision), 401k matching, paid vacation benefits and employer-paid Short Term Disability, among other things
Educational Assistance / Reimbursement to support your drive to learn
Opportunity to grow within the acquisitions/growth teams, operations, and corporate office
Better Living program where you are incentivized to reach personal goals or participate in company-wide challenges
Quarterly Lifelong Learning Challenges to support your professional growth in ways that are meaningful to you
8 paid hours per year of Volunteer Time Off to serve the organization(s) of your choice
Free enrollment into the Dave Ramsey SmartDollar financial wellness program, including the EveryDollar budgeting app
Access to thousands of employee discounts with BenefitHub
Know someone who would be perfect for a role with us? Refer them to us for their job search and you could be $250 richer!
