POSITION OVERVIEW

Applications accepted from: ALL PERSONS
Job Classification: SR. IT PROFESSIONAL – BUSINESS ANALYSIS (PMO)
Posting Number: 23639
Department: HOUSTON INFORMATIONAL TECHNOLOGY SERVICES
Division: PROJECT MANAGEMENT OFFICE
Reporting Location: 611 WALKER
Workdays & Hours: MONDAY – FRIDAY 8:00 AM – 5:00 PM* *Subject to Change

DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES / ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
General Summary:
The purpose of this position is to optimize business performance by identifying business needs and defining technical solutions that will maximize the value delivered to stakeholders. Defines the goals and requirements for programs and projects and supports continuous improvement in the organization’s technology and processes.

Responsibilities:
TECHNICAL EXPERT: Senior level functional business contributor with expertise in particular business processes or industry. May participate in industry/technical users groups. Acts independently or as a member of a project team responsible for providing functional and technical guidance concerning the business implications of the application of various systems and software. Provides technical consulting on complex projects.

STRATEGY: Understands how technology applications and systems support business objectives. Drives innovation and creative solutions by providing value propositions. Influences the strategy; acts as a technical thought leader in specialized area. Implements best practices and uses knowledge of internal and external technology challenges and opportunities to drive business transformation. Addresses risks, limitations and vulnerabilities.

PROCESS IMPROVEMENT: Translates business requirements into system or process designs. Performs process analysis and re-engineering. Creates process change by integrating new processes with existing ones and communicating these changes to impacted Business Systems teams. Recommends and facilitates quality improvement efforts. May lead re-engineering team and may act as project manager in some cases.

TEAM EFFORT: Accomplishes business results through process improvement. Serves as liaison between senior leadership, project teams, development teams and other stakeholders.

WORKING CONDITIONS
This position is physically comfortable; the individual has discretion about walking, standing, etc. There are no major sources of discomfort, i.e., essentially normal office environment with acceptable lighting, temperature and air conditions

MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Requires a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Management and Information Systems (MIS) or a closely related field. Advanced technical certifications that demonstrate mastery of a specialized system, application, or business process may be substituted for experience on a year-for-year basis.

EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS
At least six (6) years of specialized experience in business systems analysis and design. Related professional Information Systems experience greater than 6 years may be substituted for the education requirement on a year-for-year basis.

LICENSE REQUIREMENTS
None

PREFERENCES

PREFERENCES
*Preference shall be given to eligible veteran applicants provided such persons possess the qualifications necessary for competent discharge of the duties involved in the position applied for, such persons are among the most qualified candidates for the position, and all other factors in accordance with Executive Order 1-6.**

GENERAL INFORMATION

SELECTION / SKILLS TESTS REQUIRED
Department may administer skills assessment test

SAFETY IMPACT POSITION NO
If yes, this position is subject to random drug testing and if a promotional position, candidate must pass an assignment drug test.

SALARY INFORMATION
Factors used in determining the salary offered include the candidate’s qualifications as well as the pay rates of other employees in this classification.

PAY GRADE: 28

APPLICATION PROCEDURES
Only online applications will be accepted for this City of Houston job and must be received by the Human Resources Department during active posting period. Applications must be submitted online at: www.houstontx.gov.

To view your detailed application status, please log-in to your online profile by visiting: http://agency.governmentjobs.com/houston/default.cfm or call (832/393-8511).

If you need special services or accommodations, call (832/393-8511). (TTY 7-1-1)

If you need login assistance or technical support call 855-524-5627.

Due to the high volume of applications received, the Hiring Department will contact you directly, should you be selected to advance in our recruitment process.
All new and rehires must pass a pre-employment drug test and are subject to a physical examination and verification of information provided.

EEO Equal Employment Opportunity
The City of Houston is committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual's sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetic information, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy

The city offers a competitive benefits program, including competitively priced health coverage and a defined contribution pension plan.

Benefits include:
• Medical
• Dental
• Vision
• Wellness
• Life insurance
• Long-term disability
• Retirement pension
• 457 deferred compensation plan
• Employee Assistance Program
• 10 days of vacation each year
• 10 city holidays, plus one floating holiday
• Flexible schedules
• Professional development opportunities
• Transportation/parking plan
• Section 125 pretax deductions
• Dependent Care Reimbursement Plan
• Healthcare Flexible Spending Account

For plan details, visit http://www.houstontx.gov/hr/benefits.html

01

Are you a veteran who served on active duty in the Armed Forces (United States Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard) for more than 90 consecutive days and received either an honorable discharge or a general discharge under honorable conditions?
Yes
No

02

Which best describes your education?
High School Diploma
Associate's Degree
Bachelor's Degree
Master's Degree or Beyond
None of the Above

03

How many years of IT Business Analysis experience do you have?
Less than 6 years of experience
6 years of experience
7 years of experience
8 years of experience
9 years of experience
10 or more years of experience
I have no IT Business Analysis experience

Required Question
