Who is Cenlar?

You are.

Employee-owners have made Cenlar one of the nation’s largest mortgage subservicers. We have achieved success by empowering people with company ownership, real programs that provide avenues for advancement, and a great atmosphere that makes everyone look forward to the workday. Get your share of our success by considering the opportunity to join our team as a Quality Assurance Analyst.

Responsibilities:
Perform ongoing, structured, and rigorous testing of key procedures and controls within all business units; working with the department manager, develop, draft and implement new testing scripts.
Work closely with managers in order to ensure department is adhering to all policies and procedures; work in conjunction with other departmental managers and operations supervisors.
Develop, maintain and ensure accuracy of default policies and procedures; work with department managers to ensure current processes are in place; maintain procedure manual (hard copy and on-line).
Perform ongoing monitoring of key indicators to detect and research unexplained variances which may be indicative of quality control issues.
Monitor outbound and inbound calls from relevant business units and departments.
Perform processes used for sample selection as well as effective root-cause analysis and follow-up on corrective actions.
Contribute to reporting to first-line-management and other interested parties.
Interpret regulatory requirements and investor guidelines to identify opportunities, and manage a tracking and reporting mechanism to periodically communicate results.
Follow Standard Operating Procedures on all federal and state laws, investor/guarantor requirements and business policies and procedures.
Support the department manager in maintaining a repository of business and process guidelines and fraud trends to be used as a reference tool.
Provide quality monitoring reports.
Develop best practices to resolve delinquencies and deficiencies and meet regulatory compliance.
Stay abreast of policy and regulatory changes to maintain subject matter expertise. Remain cognizant of relevant quality assurance policies and procedures.
Ensure departments are adhering to quality expectations with regard to task completion, and to procedures, etc. Review processes in various servicing departments for quality and compliance.
Work on performance plans for each department; participate in performance activities and staff training.
Other duties and projects as assigned.
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree preferred
2 - 3 years’ quality assurance/control, mortgage banking, auditing or other relevant experience
Knowledge of sound risk management practices for mortgage servicing functions and demonstrated understanding of risk management and internal control principles
Experience reviewing processes, data, phone calls or documents with a strong attention to detail
Experience interpreting rules and guidelines for appropriate decision-making
Ability to facilitate training materials
Excellent customer service skills
Excellent problem resolution and organizational skills
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, written and verbal
Total Rewards:

Cenlar FSB offers outstanding benefits which may include paid medical/dental/life insurance, 401k, employee ownership, tuition assistance, a supportive work environment, and genuine opportunities for advancement. Cenlar is a Drug Free Workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer -- M/F/D/V/SO .

Visit www.cenlar.com for more details.

Please apply online .
