Manager, Financial Business Analyst

Location Name

AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus Drive

ID

2020-4004

Date Posted

4 hours ago(6/23/2020 7:57 PM)

Company

Nautilus Insurance Group

Primary Location

US-AZ-Scottsdale

Category

Finance/Accounting



Company Details

Nautilus Insurance Group is a strong underwriting Company and respected leader in the E&S industry. Our culture promotes creativity, integrity and respect, allowing us to attract and retain quality employees. Nautilus is a subsidiary of the W. R. Berkley Corporation, a Fortune 500 company recognized as one of the most respected names in the property casualty insurance industry. Nautilus writes Commercial Excess and Surplus Lines business in all 50 states.

About W. R. Berkley Corporation
W. R. Berkley Corporation, founded in 1967, is one of the nation’s premier commercial lines property casualty insurance providers. Each of the operating units in the Berkley group participates in a niche market requiring specialized knowledge about a territory or product. Our competitive advantage lies in our long-term strategy of decentralized operations, allowing each of our units to identify and respond quickly and effectively.



Responsibilities

Nautilus is searching for an Accounting Manager who is a well-rounded, versatile, multi-skilled individual to join our team. This is not your traditional Accounting Manager role; this is a role of the future focusing on processes, analysis, and control structure. The right person will be passionate about working for a company that is dedicated to providing exceptional customer experiences and creating a culture that values our pillars of Growth, Excel, Serve and Fun. We are looking for someone who is highly motivated, organized, and has a positive outlook, along with a natural drive to grow, problem solve, think outside the box and be analytical. A collaborative attitude, transparency, clear communication, advanced excel skills and an inclination to help others are all must-haves.

We are looking for a professional with experience in Finance and the understanding of internal controls, preferably in an insurance environment. This individual will be the right hand of the Accounting Director in ensuring Nautilus has a strong control environment and oversees processes impacting the financial health of the company. A successful candidate will have strong collaboration skills, ability to work with all levels of the company, and be able to handle multiple assignments within a professional working environment. Must possess a sense of ownership and be accountable for their work.
Perform financial analysis to ensure stability of agents and mitigation of credit risk exposures
Manage and implement continuous process improvements within the vendor management process, with a focus on mitigating risk and understanding the financial impacts of vendor relationships
Monitor the company’s Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) requirements and oversee testing/reporting on behalf of CFO
Recommend process improvements to achieve greater efficiencies, reduce overhead costs, and strengthen the control environment
Provide analysis for internal management reporting and external financial reporting – Dotted line reporting to CFO
Manage the travel and entertainment program
Provide hands on leadership, training, mentoring, and work product management
Collaborate on cross-functional project teams providing value.



Qualifications

Bachelors Degree in Finance, Accounting, Business or related required.
Minimum 5 years of finance experience required
Minimum 2 years of team management experience required.
Strong leader who thrives on coaching, training and building a great team environment
Ability to thrive in a fast paced, constantly changing environment
Detail oriented with strong organizational skills and ability to manage multiple priorities effectively
Proficient in core business programs (e.g. Word, Excel and Outlook) Intermediate to Advanced Excel skills required
Strong analytical and problem solving skills

Options

Create Profile & ApplyApply
Share
