WHO WE ARE:

Talend, a leader in data integration and data integrity, enables every company to find clarity amidst the chaos.

Talend is the only company to bring together in a single platform all the necessary capabilities that ensure enterprise data is complete, clean, compliant, and readily available to everyone who needs it throughout the organization. With Talend, organizations are able to deliver exceptional customer experiences, make smarter decisions in the moment, drive innovation, and improve operations.

From Domino’s to L’Oréal, over 4,250 organizations across the globe rely on Talend to deliver exceptional customer experiences, make smarter decisions in the moment, drive innovation, and improve operations. Talend has been recognized as a leader in its field by leading analyst firms and industry publications including Forbes, InfoWorld and SD Times.
Talend is Nasdaq listed (TLND) and headquartered in Redwood City, California.

Senior Consultant - Professional Services
US West REMOTE - Travel up to 75%
Who we are:
Talend is a rapidly growing leader in the data and application integration space. We are a global company with offices in Redwood City, Paris, London, Bangalore, Atlanta, Irvine, Bonn, Beijing, Tokyo, Singapore, and Sydney. Our customers are thought leaders when it comes to data integration and are some of the biggest and best companies in retail, financial services, consumer products, and business services.
We enable data driven companies to be more effective at what they do by providing them with the tools, infrastructure, and guidance to make informed business decisions.
Our architecture and technology uniquely position us to take advantage of constant innovation in data and processing technologies, such as Hadoop and Spark. As a result, we provide the fastest, most scalable data integration platform in the industry, and we support Big Data natively.
Services are critical to helping our large customers quickly become experts on Talend.
Our Professional Services team is a critical part of our Customer Success organization and is comprised of some of the deepest subject matter experts in the world on our technologies. Our Customer Success organization is over 100 people strong – consisting of Professional Services Consultants, Support Engineers, Customer Success Managers, Customer Success Architects, and a Technical Enablement Team – all with a passion for creating successful, loyal customers.
Who you are:
A customer-centric, intellectually curious, bright, energetic person with the ability to drive the successful sales and delivery of Services.
A true lover of data.
Someone who is energized by finding a solution to a problem.
A consultant with deep experience in BI, Data Warehousing, Data Integration, MDM, Application Integration, Cloud Infrastructure (AWS, Google, or Azure) or Big Data (extra credit for more than one)
A team player who creates a culture that understands that our internal standards and expectations need to be higher than our customers’
You think, every day, about how you can improve the experience of your customers
You have experience in the arena of Big Data and are looking for the next “Big Thing”
What you’ll do:
Work with customers to deploy, manage and audit the best practice use of our software Products.
Provide architecture reviews, application discussions and prototype or full development as needed
Define technical specification for custom developments
Design and development of complex Talend solutions
Direct contribution to several end to end deployments in different industries
Identify opportunities for products and services at existing customers
Provide billable consulting assistance to ensure engagement success
Perform data and/or application integration design and development, technical product assistance and tuning to meet customer performance and functional requirements
Develop Best Practices based on field experience
Desirable Skills and Experience:
Requires a bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related area and 6+ years of experience in the field, in a related area or a master’s degree
Demonstrated Experience in Data Management or Solution development & deployment in the areas of data migration, data integration, application integration or data quality
Skills in Java, SQL, XML and Tomcat
Must have some exposure to Data Integration, or, preferably with Talend’s products
Preferred experience in Eclipse, SQL and Oracle environments
Knowledge in installation, configuration, optimization in Hadoop
Understand how and when to apply MapReduce
Knowledge in HBase, Hive, Sqoop, Oozie technologies
Knowledge in NoSQL technologies (Mongo, CouchDB, Cassandra, Neo4j)
Exposed to Spark, Impala, HAWQ
Preferred Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or equivalent skills
Technical aggressiveness, demonstrated ability to learn new technologies and business requirements
Demonstrated creative problem solving ability
Experience leading and managing engagements and implementations
Exceptional verbal, presentation, and written communication skills
Ability to work effectively independently as well as in a team environment

#LI-JD1

AND NOW, A LITTLE ABOUT US:

Talend has received some pretty impressive accolades along the way:
- "2018 Best Public Cloud Computing Companies To Work For" by Glassdoor
- Named a Leader for Data Integration Tools in the Gartner Magic Quadrant
- Named Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Enterprise Data Fabric
- Ranked in the DBTA “100 Companies that Matter Most in Data”
- Listed in the CRN Big Data 100 Companies

We are passionate about helping companies become more data driven; and, if we can be honest, we are all geeks at heart who pride ourselves on the vibrant company culture that we have built.


As a global employer, at Talend, we believe our success depends on diversity, inclusion and mutual respect among our team members. We seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool. We are committed to making all employment decisions on the basis of business need, merit, capability and equality of opportunity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, or national origin.
