Description: Accountable for designing conceptual models, contracting, initiative planning, business results and ongoing client relationship management and satisfaction for smaller to moderate scale and complexity high value initiatives and parts of larger initiatives that impact the delivery of products and services to the internal and external environment. Responsible for providing guidance and direction to external vendors, external consultants, consulting team members and/or matrixed staff as required in support of initiatives. Accountable for transferring knowledge, best practices (external and internal), methodology and tools to client organizations. May be responsible for concurrent initiatives as team lead and/or team member, based on resource requirements.

65828

Fundamental Components: Drives or guides development of holistic solutions and/or key strategic plans. Proactively identifies opportunities for improvement and independently influences business leader(s) to act or change behavior through negotiations and/or consultation that promotes issue resolution.
Communicates compelling and concise results to empower client groups in decision making regarding initiative opportunities.
Conducts thorough business case and external customer value analysis to determine selection, prioritization
positioning and approach for broadest range of potential solutions (eg. outsourcing, process improvements,
technology solutions).
Conducts client contracting process, builds optimal influential client relationship for results and deliverables and
manages relationship throughout engagement.
Fully integrates baseline and metrics tracking into initiative planning and execution for optimal results. Shares joint
accountability for initiatives return on investment.
Provides continuous coaching, direction, feedback and development for other consultants, matrixed staff and/or
external vendors as required.
Drives or guides engagement using a disciplined repeatable methodology. Designs, develops interventions and
facilitates work sessions. Develops and delivers all required analysis, reporting and presentation materials.
Gathers, analyzes and synthesizes business intelligence to drive achievement of strategic business objectives.
Facilitates diverse internal and external networks, as appropriate, for data gathering and best practice identification.
Leverages internal and external networking to drive optimal initiative results and knowledge/best practice transfers.

Background Experience:
7+ years experience with several of the following methodologies: management consulting, project consulting, business process consulting, financial strategic analysis, mergers and acquisitions, strategic business planning, and/or risk management consulting.
Experience with enterprise-wide and/or cross-functional large scale initiatives with high degree of complexity.
Demonstrated experience successfully implementing change in complex organizations.
Demonstrated superior business process, project management and organizational redesign experience.
Demonstrated leadership with relevant initiatives: Business process, enterprise business project management/consulting, financial strategic planning and analysis, mergers and acquisitions, strategic planning, risk management.
Demonstrated relationship management skills at the senior level; capacity to quickly build and maintain credible relationships at varying levels of the organization simultaneously.
Additional Job Information: Team leadership and team building skills.Analytical and planning skills.Negotiation/influencing skills.Relationship and change management skills.Organizational skills.Time management skills.Critical thinking skills.Oral and written communication skills. Required Skills: General Business - Applying Reasoned Judgment, General Business - Communicating for Impact, General Business - Consulting for Solutions Desired Skills: Leadership - Creating Accountability, Service - Working Across Boundaries Functional Skills: Management - Management - Process and quality improvement, Management - Management - Project management (non-IT) Technology Experience: Desktop Tool - Microsoft SharePoint, Desktop Tool - Microsoft Word, Desktop Tool - TE Microsoft Excel Potential Telework Position: Yes Percent of Travel Required: 10 - 25% EEO Statement: Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer Benefit Eligibility: Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Candidate Privacy Information: Aetna takes our candidate's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

#LI-JM1
