DriveTime Needs an IT Business Analyst
Headquartered in Tempe, Arizona, DriveTime is the largest privately owned used car sales and finance company in the country (yes, we are THAT good)! With more than 130 dealerships, 3 operations centers and 20 reconditioning centers across the nation, our 5,000+ employees are focused on getting the right customer in the right car, at the right terms. With over 25 years of industry experience, and our dedication to streamlining the purchase process, we're redefining what it means to buy and finance a used car.
As focused as we are on our customer, we take that same focus on finding the right talent for the right opportunities within our organization. All across the nation, from our Home Office and operations centers to our retail locations and reconditioning centers, we are looking for talented individuals like yourself to join our ever-growing team!

That’s Nice, But What’s the Job?
The role of IT Business Analyst takes on a different meaning in every company. Here at DriveTime, the emphasis is on enabling “Business” value through IT solutions. On a daily basis, you are responsible for eliciting requirements on updates and enhancements to DriveTime applications, but this role is so much more than requirements writing. From API integrations and database structures to page layouts and built-from-scratch applications, you are an expert at digging in and understanding how systems work together. In business meetings you are the technical voice who can speak to the systems impact. In discussions with developers, you are the voice of the business advocating for your customer. You really get the big picture and business goal, and are adept at translating that into the details needed for your team to make the goal a reality. You play an integral, collaborative role in feature development, from business ask through user acceptance testing and deployment.
Our IT Business Analyst responsibilities are to:
Work with Product Owners and end users to develop thorough requirements
Create concise and relevant project artifacts and build reports that tell a story
Work as a member of cross-functional teams to help design solutions
Develop user stories centered on the business value
Work with a team of developers to ensure requirements are met and provide insight during development
Partner with QA on test plans/cases, perform UAT
Communicate with all levels of the organization (end users – sr. executive level)
Function as a subject matter, process, and operational expert for supported Product Line
Assist in troubleshooting complex systems issues

So What Kind of Folks Are We Looking for?
Organization and time management skills in spades. You’ll be handling multiple projects and deadlines that will require you to prioritize then re-prioritize… then… re-prioritize again.
Expert in relationships! You’ve probably taken multiple personality assessments, know what Emotional Intelligence is, and pride yourself on your ability to build relationships based on mutual trust and respect.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills - the ability to talk and write with confidence, charisma and competence for a wide variety of audiences.
Detail-oriented. Okay we know it’s on about every job description – but we really mean it!
The Specifics.
You’ve got a minimum of 3 years’ Business/Solutions Analysis experience, preferably working in an Agile environment.
Whether it be homegrown IT systems or out-of-the-box software implementations, you’ve worked on systems that are used company-wide by lots of users.
Collaboration, collaboration and one more time, collaboration. You are an experienced liaison who can bring all stakeholders together and, more importantly, get them to agree.
Creating workflows, brainstorming use cases and coming up with clear, concise user stories are finely honed skills for you.
It’s in the job title. You’ve got solid analytical skills. Be it tables of data or end-user flows, you know how to analyze and organize.
Once you’ve analyzed and organized, you can create a compelling story with your excellent written and verbal skills.
You are a highly motivated self-starter who doesn’t need to be micromanaged. You think with a business owner mindset and are consistently anticipating business needs.
Nice to Haves.
While the Microsoft Office Suite is a given (Word, Excel, Visio, PowerPoint, Project), experience working in or using any of the following applications is a plus
Microsoft SQL
Tableau
Google Analytics
Application Insights
Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, XD)
InVision
Balsamiq or any other wireframe tool
Any equivalent combination of education, training and/or experience that fulfills the requirements of the position will be considered.
Anything Else? Absolutely.
DriveTime was awarded Top Companies to Work for in AZ by AZCentral.com for our great culture and one of the Best Places to Work in IT as awarded by PBJ. Essentially we offer a creative, transparent and fun environment since, well, we work here too. DriveTime was also voted the Fastest-Growing Private Companies by Inc 5000, and we aren’t slowing down anytime soon!
So What About the Perks? Perks matter.
Medical, Dental and Vision. DriveTime pays a nice chunk of your premiums to keep the cost as low as possible for our employees.
16 days of PTO and 6 paid Holidays. Because who doesn’t love time off?
Benefits like 401(k), company paid life insurance, short and long-term disability.
Casual Dress. Come dressed in jeans (you’ll fit right in with the rest of us).
Game Room. Gimme a break – no, not a Kit Kat ad but we do have a ping-pong table, pool table and Virtual Reality if you ever need a break in your day.
Wellness Program and In-House Gym. We want our employees to be the best versions of themselves. That’s why we offer a Wellness Program that includes an in-house gym, B12 shots, teeth cleanings, biometric screenings and much more!
Growth opportunities. DriveTime takes a lot of pride in promoting from within. We have spent the last 14 years growing our team members and taking them on the path to owning their careers!
