Please send resume to aziz.abdulsoftsol.com or connect me on 510-213-7323. Job Requisition Title Business Process Analyst - SVBJP00002908 Location Tempe, AZ Duration 5 Months Rate DOE. Description Desired Qualifications The Business Process Analyst is responsible for completing process analysis, identifying procedural and control deficiencies and recommending and implementing solutions. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangible variance factors. Process design may require introducing new technology, staff and substantial change to current structure. Develops and leads process design or improvement initiatives, guiding teams across the business. Has process expertise for multiple business groups and can provide analysis to the most complex and volatile business lines. We are seeking a Business Process Analyst for our Business Process Transformation group to focus on key business initiatives which will transform our operating model to standardized enterprise work flow systems across the firm. The Business Process Analyst will support process optimization and improvement initiatives to achieve productivity objectives while improving the client experience. This person will collaborate with Product Owners, project partners and key stakeholders across the enterprise to identify and create an efficient and effective method to support the implementation of ongoing business process improvements. Certification in six sigma methodology or other process improvement methodology is certainly a plus What you'll do Documents business requirements and creates user stories for development teams Analyzes business processes and creates user experience and process workflows Provides business direction, guidance, and decisions to process development and delivery teams Collaborates with cross enterprise process owners, channel owners, oversight, legal, compliance, and users creating solutions that are synergistic to the platform Engages users on process design, usability and ease of use Evangelizes process improvement work Drives the requirements of process reporting metrics Leverages process analytics in conjunction with qualitative data for continual process improvements Extensive knowledge and understanding of analysis of business processes and enhancing operations to accomplish business objectives Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills Visio Microsoft Office skills Ability to identify inefficiencies, opportunities to streamline business processes, and implement change Knowledge and understanding of financial controls and risk Risk management and mitigation experience Ability to develop and manage business relationships Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems Ability to influence and collaborate at all internal organizational levels Ability to work effectively, as well as independently, in a team environment Ability to facilitate meetings Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment What you have 5+ years' experience in a similar role. Six sigma Black belt or Green Belt Business Process Management (BPM) knowledge. Experience in the Business Process Management disciplines including technologies and methodologies. Experience with Agile and SCRUM. Experience with Visio or equivalent desired. Financial services experience preferred. Qualification Rating Must Have Productivity Software Microsoft Excel 5 years Microsoft Office 5 years Microsoft PowerPoint 5 years Microsoft Word 5 years Visio 8 years Regard's Abdul Aziz SoftSol, Inc. 42808 Christy St. Suite 100, Fremont, CA 94538. httpwww.softsol.com httpwww.softsol.com Office (510) 213-7323 x 207 Fax (510) 217-3461 Email aziz.abdulsoftsol.com mailtoaziz.abdulsoftsol.com (CMMI LEVEL 3 COMPANY) "SoftSol is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We promote and support a diverse workforce at all levels of the company. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or disability. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence, and performance of the essential functions of their positions."
