Loading...

Title: Experience Analyst

Location: Phoenix, AZ

Type: Contract

Job #: LA842051612

Note: This job is not open to C2C or 3rd party candidates.

IGNW is an engineering-based resourcing company headquartered in Portland, OR with GEO based teams in Seattle, WA / Austin & Dallas, TX / Southeast US / California. We have global partnerships to deliver the industry's top technical solutions and talent to every one of our clients. Some of our strategic partnerships include Google Cloud, Hashicorp, Puppet, Cisco, and Docker.

WHY IGNW?

So many reasons, one being IGNW being voted Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work in 2020 across the U.S. and eight other countries. See the details here https://www.thrillist.com/news/nation/glassdoor-best-places-to-work-2020. IGNW also earned the Best of Staffing Award for providing remarkable service to job seekers, hiring managers and current contractors. Check it out! https://www.bestofstaffing.com/agency/ignw/

We are proud to foster a great team working environment and offer highly competitive compensation and full benefits packages including medical, flexible spending accounts, dental, vision, 401k and more

Take a look and see if this is a match…. or any other jobs posted!

Project Scope:

Our client is looking for an Experience Analyst with the following skills and experience:

Responsibilities:
Utilize web analytics, session recording and other data to research and evaluate trends in key website metrics and onsite behavioral patterns.
Assist in managing a roadmap of ongoing AB and multivariate tests; manage and maintain a catalog of historical testing results, ongoing tests and future testing opportunities; work closely with multidisciplinary teams from design, product management, product owners, engineering and business units to ensure successful development and deployment of AB tests.
Monitor and analyze the performance of ongoing enhancements; gather and evaluate metrics to recommend solutions and hypotheses that will increase key performance indicators; create and deliver reports for ongoing optimization efforts.
Collaborate with internal data analytics and stakeholders to perform comprehensive data analyses and collaborate with user researchers and UX team to conduct user and industry competitive research.
Develop and maintain working knowledge and a knowledge base of psychological and UX theories that guide human behavior and decision making.
Requirements:
One year of experience in an analytics environment, including experience with digital analytics platforms such as Google Analytics, Adobe or similar environment, and A/B testing methodologies
Preferred:
Bachelor’s degree with a focus on business, ecommerce, analytics, marketing, statistics or related field
Experience with:
Session recording hardware (e.g., Hotjar, Mouse Flow, Tealeaf, SessionCam)
Jira or similar project management software
Working an Agile/Scrum environment, preferably Scaled Agile
Please note: Candidates may need to pass a drug and/or background check.

Please send in your resume today and be sure to get a quick response from one of our onsite recruiters: resumes@ignw.io

Check out our reviews here: glassdoor.com

To view other IGNW opportunities please visit https://www.ignw.io/jobs

#IGNW
