Title: Business Analyst
Location: Phoenix, AZ
Duration: 1+ Month (Extension Due to Fiscal Year)

Position Summary:
The business analyst's primary objective is helping businesses implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way by determining the requirements of a project or program, and communicating them clearly to stakeholders, facilitators and partners.

Responsibilities:
Understand what the business does and how it is accomplished and key process dependencies that may exist
Analyze business functional requirements to identify information, procedures and decision flows
Assist in identifying scope of work
Elicit requirements and document in either a Business Requirements Document format or, as Agile Backlog Items
Prepare business process maps and high-level work flows
Create the following documents: Use Cases, Functional Specification, Wireframes, and Report Mock-ups
Develop Agile Product Backlog items for presentation to development teams and business owners including appropriate assumptions, acceptance criteria, User details, and non-functional requirements
Identify business processes for redesign; Determine how to improve existing business process; Identify modifications to automated processes
Identify complex requirements across systems and business domains
Understand the integration of processes across domains, scope, charter, plans
Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience; communication of business information to a technical audience
Co-ordinate testing efforts with Quality Assurance
Performs other duties as assigned or apparent
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field preferred; Master's degree preferred
Minimum of 4 years' practical experience in business analysis required
Minimum of 3 years' experience in scrum/agile environments; Scrum certification preferred
Experience gathering requirements from the client/business and documenting.
Experience with process improvement, workflow, benchmarking and / or evaluation of business processes required
Intermediate level of proficiency with PC based software programs and automated database management systems required (Excel, Access, PowerPoint) required.
Ability to communicate analysis including trends and opportunities to clients and the business in writing and verbally required
Ability to problem solve including multiple priorities and research conflicting and/or inaccurate data as required.
Working knowledge of relational databases, database structures is required.
Knowledge of current Microsoft .NET technologies including C#, VB.NET, ASP.Net, and SharePoint highly preferred.
Working knowledge of Team Foundation Services 2013 preferred.
Strong aspiration to learn new technologies.
Demonstrated ability to use discretion, make sound decisions, and maintain confidentiality.
Proven strong relationship-building and communication skills with team members and business users.
Ability to work with a minimal amount of direction while being pro-active in keeping their management informed of project related issues.
Ability to respectfully question ideas and share a point of view with others in support of the business requirements and needs.
Ability to effectively communicate with various levels of employees ranging from entry level to senior leadership.
Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time and shift priorities quickly.
Experience working on an Agile/Scrum team preferred.
Proven strong problem-solving skills, troubleshooting, and root cause analysis.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Strong aspiration to learn new technologies
About our Company: -
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Staffing is a Minority & Woman Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Our journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions.
Our Global Delivery model with over 110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 800,000 resources across all major industries. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
