Job Description
RESPONSIBILITIES:
The Business Process Analyst is responsible for completing process analysis, identifying procedural and control deficiencies and recommending and implementing solutions. Works on complex problems where analysis of situations or data requires an evaluation of intangible variance factors. Process design may require introducing new technology, staff and substantial change to current structure. Develops and leads process design or improvement initiatives, guiding teams across the business. Has process expertise for multiple business groups and can provide analysis to the most complex and volatile business lines.

We are seeking a Business Process Analyst for our Business Process Transformation group to focus on key business initiatives which will transform our operating model to standardized enterprise work flow systems across the firm. The Business Process Analyst will support process optimization and improvement initiatives to achieve productivity objectives while improving the client experience. This person will collaborate with Product Owners, project partners and key stakeholders across the enterprise to identify and create an efficient and effective method to support the implementation of ongoing business process improvements. Certification in six sigma methodology or other process improvement methodology is certainly a plus

What you’ll do:
Documents business requirements and creates user stories for development teams;
Analyzes business processes and creates user experience and process workflows;
Provides business direction, guidance, and decisions to process development and delivery teams;
Collaborates with cross enterprise process owners, channel owners, oversight, legal, compliance, and users creating solutions that are synergistic to the platform;
Engages users on process design, usability and ease of use;
Evangelizes process improvement work;
Drives the requirements of process reporting metrics;
Leverages process analytics in conjunction with qualitative data for continual process improvements;
Extensive knowledge and understanding of analysis of business processes and enhancing operations to accomplish business objectives
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Visio / Microsoft Office skills
Ability to identify inefficiencies, opportunities to streamline business processes, and implement change
Knowledge and understanding of financial controls and risk
Risk management and mitigation experience
Ability to develop and manage business relationships
Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems
Ability to influence and collaborate at all internal organizational levels
Ability to work effectively, as well as independently, in a team environment
Ability to facilitate meetings
Ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, achieve goals, and work under pressure in a dynamic and complex environment

REQUIREMENTS:

- 5+ years’ experience in a similar role.
Six sigma – Black belt or Green Belt
Business Process Management (BPM) knowledge.
Experience in the Business Process Management disciplines including technologies and methodologies.
Experience with Agile and SCRUM.
Experience with Visio or equivalent desired.
Financial services experience preferred.
Company Description
ATR International is a staffing and consulting leader that serves the IT, engineering, accounting & finance, professional, manufacturing, and scientific industries. Founded in 1988 as a two-person Hispanic-owned business, we have grown to serve Fortune 500 organizations while putting more than 35,000 people to work totaling over 14 million working hours. Our entire business model is based on building relationships and deep connections with our diverse base of clients, contractors, internal staff, and local markets.
