Are you looking for an opportunity to let your skills shine? Come join the team at Canyon State Credit Union! We aren't so small that growth opportunities are scarce and we aren't so big that you'll get lost in the shuffle. With only 70 employees, we are able to offer similar products and services as our larger competitors, but on a more personalized scale, both with our members and our employees. This approach provides our employees the opportunity to get involved in the organization in a way they may not be able to, in the corporate world. At Canyon State Credit Union, we value the contributions of our employees and actively look for ways to be collaborative, within all levels of the organization. Here, you will have the opportunity to roll up your shirtsleeves, put your unique skills to work, and have a voice in developing your role from the ground up.

As a BSA Analyst you will:
Comply with currency transaction action reporting requirements by performing daily currency transaction (CTR) monitoring and, when appropriate, the preparation of Currency Transaction Reports.
Conduct time-sensitive investigations of alerted and referred transactions and individuals for suspicious activity, utilizing a number of internal and external resources.
Review simple and complex transactions, individuals and member situations and provides findings to management to evaluate potential risk to the Credit Union.
Review internal suspicious incident reports, determine if Suspicious Activity Report (SAR) is warranted and file SAR timely with FinCEN.
Maintain current knowledge of the Bank Secrecy Act and all related anti-money laundering and OFAC regulations. Monitor legislative and regulatory developments regarding the Bank Secrecy Act and report important compliance to management and staff.
Provide research and evaluation of anti-money laundering (AML) cases and accurately and sufficiently document analysis and findings in the Credit Union's case management system.
Upload various reports to the Credit Union's Financial Crime Risk Manager (FCRM) including but not limited to FinCEN 314(a), FinCEN Acknowledgments and SDN Watch List.
Oversee and develop BSA/AML training for the board of directors, management and staff.
To be successful in this role, you will need the following competencies:

Technologically Astute - Demonstrate the ability to use technology to effectively and efficiently perform job functions.

Results Orientation - Keenly aware of personal, team, departmental and credit union wide goals and be able to prioritize and collaborate with others to achieve success.

A Service Focus - Demonstrate an unsurpassed commitment to exceptional member service. Build constructive working relationships characterized by cooperation, collaboration, and mutual respect. Personify CSCU's role as a Trusted Advisor.

Initiative - Motivated self-starter who measures self against standards of excellence. Display energy and enthusiasm in approaching the job. Wants to get in on the ground floor and create something from scratch. A bit of an entrepreneurial spirit goes a long way in our environment.

Eye for Quality - Take responsibility for providing timely and accurate information, responses and decisions to internal and external members. Willingly accepts and embraces constructive coaching and feedback as needed.

Flexibility - The ability to excel in a high stress environment, adapt to changing business needs and work priorities needs is a must. Develop fresh ideas that provide solutions to all types of workplace challenges.

Skills / Requirements
Minimum of 2-3 years of direct work experience in AML risk analysts or equivalent with related experience in other areas of banking, preferably in the financial services industry.
Professional, well-developed interpersonal skills necessary for communicating with internal staff as well as external auditors, management, the Supervisory Committee.
Must be thoroughly familiar with internal control issues and risk identification, and be able to provide recommendations for improvement.
Working knowledge of credit union products and services, policies, Bank Secrecy Act, USA Patriot Act, Federal Credit Union Act including bylaws and regulations that apply to federally chartered credit unions, Standard Operating Procedures, and state and federal NCUA regulations required.
Exhibit strong investigative, analytical and writing skills.
Considerable judgment is required. Must analyze complicated factual situations, apply functional principles and develop solutions.
Ability to manage multiple deadlines while remaining timely with obligations. Must be able to multi task, adapt well to changing priorities and effectively prioritize workflow to meet critical deadlines.
Requires knowledge of single PC applications (Word, Excel, MS Outlook) and various bank systems including financial analysis platforms and FinCEN. Knowledge of FCRM, Fiserv DNA and FIS is preferred.
Company Overview

Join a winning team and a dedicated Credit Union! We have been offering quality financial service to members and their families since 1951. As a credit union, we are a not-for-profit financial cooperative, which means we operate to serve our member-owners. This makes us quite different from other financial institutions. Since 1951, we have focused on building lifetime relationships by continually expanding our products and services while emphasizing financial security, quality, and convenience in an environment that values and respects members, employees, and business partners.

Powered by JazzHR
