Job Description
Responsibilities:
Coordinate with business on gathering and documenting business requirements
Facilitate meetings across lines of business to capture requirements
Document and provide status updates of progress
Execute data analysis or testing as required
Manage data mapping documentation and raise relevant questions/issues
Qualifications/Requirements:
7+ years of business requirements gathering and documentation experience
5+ years of system testing and/or data analysis experience
5+ Business or data process mapping experience
Excel/PowerPoint Experience
Visio
SQL/SAS
About PRG

With nearly 20 years of success in the staffing industry, Peyton Resource Group focuses on matching talent to the precise needs of our clients. Your success is our commitment, and we back up that commitment by only recommending opportunities that align with your goals. Our candidate-centric approach ensures you are in the driver’s seat of your career, and our team of recruiters will partner with you and support you every step of the way.

PRG’s dedication to service has been widely recognized throughout the industry. PRG has been awarded ClearlyRated’s Best of Staffing award for 6 straight years, as well as the Business Journal’s Best Places to Work in Dallas, San Antonio and Austin.
Company Description
Who We Are:
Peyton Resource Group (PRG) has a 17-year track record of delivering real results for our clients. With offices in Dallas, San Antonio and Austin, PRG is an innovative industry leader utilizing the latest technology to drastically reduce the time-to-hire problem plaguing most companies today.
What We Do: We innovate. We understand. We collaborate. We move forward. We get IT done.

How We Do It:
We partner with world-class organizations that offer exciting career paths to their employees.
We cultivate relationships with the best and brightest talent in the marketplace.
We leverage technology in a way that is helping to redefine the staffing industry.
Our Results: We solve today's critical staffing challenges, while delivering best-of-class professionals to our clients.
