POSITION SUMMARY: The Business Analyst is responsible for analyzing the needs of the various functional business areas within Republic Services and recommends system solutions or procedures. As a liaison between the business and IT department, the Business Analyst ensures that the scope of work requested to enhance or modify existing application processes are clearly documented, communicated and validated. The Business Analyst works closely with the IT technical team and/or outside vendors to design, develop, document and test solutions that meets the business requirements. The statements herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees, and are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties, and skills required by personnel so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.

PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES:
Serves as the primary liaison and point of contact between IT and the assigned functional business area for routine software development and enhancement projects.
Coordinates the process of obtaining functional requirements from applicable business stakeholders and subject matter experts utilizing elicitation techniques.
Performs research and analysis for proposed projects in order to determine feasibility and present findings to management.
Facilitates the development of software solutions and is responsible for the knowledge transfer of software program requirements to the IT Customer Support team throughout the life cycle of a change request or development project.
Creates detailed documentation of functional, system (non-functional), user and reporting requirements that may include but is not limited to: Use Cases, Logical Models, Process Flow Diagrams, Report Specifications and Data Mapping & Flow Diagrams.
Performs profiling and analysis of data from source systems.
Supports quality assurance and control efforts through the use of data analysis as part of pre- and post-implementation reviews for software development projects.
Provides support to functional and user acceptance testing groups as part of project implementation.
Assists others with creation of the value proposition (ROI) for proposed projects.
Maintains a system enhancement request database and coordinates the related application enhancement release schedule.
Works jointly with other IT Managers to create detailed project work plans for software development and enhancement projects.
Coordinates status meetings and produces progress reports.
Maintains and builds working relationships with software application vendors.
Performs other job related duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience using Structured Query Language (SQL) for data analysis.
Business Analysis or Project Management Professional certification.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor's degree in Business, Statistics, IT or related field or minimum of 5 years of experience in a business or technical analysis role.
Minimum of 1 year of work experience with business systems related to system support, analysis or development.
Minimum of 2 years of experience with business analysis.
Republic Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law.

The statements used herein are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed by an employee in this position, and are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required by an incumbent so classified. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the Company.
