Business Analyst

Job Title

Business Analyst

Job
ID

780189

Location

Phoenix,

AZ

85027

Other Location

Description

Career Evolutions is looking for a Business Systems Analyst for a growing SaaS company in Phoenix. This is an excellent career opportunity with a compensation up to $90,000.

You will be a key liaison between the users, technology team and outside business partners. You will focus on all customer facing applications. You will be responsible in working closely with business users in determining and documenting their needs especially in communicating on non-technical levels. You will design, test and implement packaged applications as well as custom development items including functional analysis and design, creation of test plans and user acceptance testing.

Job Responsibilities
Participate in packaged and custom application implementations projects.
Conduct analysis activities associated with process definition and design and business operations optimization with the goal of achieving company objectives.
Act as a liaison between business users and Information Technology team members and outside business partners to gather and document detailed business and technical requirements. Conduct needs assessment with business users, understand and document such needs.
When changes to the requirements occur, conducts impact analysis and recommends follow-through actions.
Develop test conditions, case outlines, test plans, and detailed test scripts for a defined set of business factors. Coordinate and conduct user acceptance testing, review test results with users to ensure solutions meet business requirements.
Communicate effectively and work co-operatively with IT team members, business users and outside business partners in order to complete assigned projects as efficiently as possible.
Identify issues and risks and provide alternative courses of action to achieve business and organization goals and objectives.
Establish functional expertise in specified application(s) and associated business processes.
Assist business users and other Information Technology team members and outside business partners in identifying and troubleshooting the production environment.
Build, develop, and grow relationships with business users, outside business partners and other stakeholders in order to establish mutual trust and provide a foundation for high level project partnership.
Job Qualifications
Bachelor Degree Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field
5+ years of experience in information technology
Experience working in an IT capacity for a company with retail operations preferred
Experience with Business Intelligence and Analytics (Plus)
Experience in Product Management (Plus)
Founded in 2008, Career Evolutions is a leading Executive Search based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Career Evolutions provides products and services to identify top talent, develop employees, and maximize human capital to enhance the bottom line. For more info, please visit www.careerevolutions.net, check out our Current Opportunities, and contact us via phone 480.626.5253.
