Duties andKeyResponsibilities:

TheroleofSeniorBusiness Analystprovidescriticalinput to all development efforts. TheSeniorBusiness Analystworks closely with thedevelopment team,Professional Services, and Account Managementin all aspects of the setup and implementation ofTEMsystems and processes.A BA performs feasibility analyses, scopes projectdeliverables,writes and presents specifications, and validates development results. The BA understands development processesand is very analytical with problem-solving and conflict resolution skills to help identify, communicate and resolve issues.

Main duties:
Act as the voice of theCustomerwithin the development team.
Engage with client to understand their processes and gather ordering/procurement requirementsEnsure that all work items meet the definition of ready for the development team. This includes:
Ensuring the business benefits are known and captured.
Writing clear and concise specifications.
Facilitating the breakdown of Epics into User Stories /Enabler Stories
Defining the acceptance criteria for all stories.
Ensuringthe team understand items in the product backlog.
Ensuring the non-functional requirements have been considered (Observability, Scalability, Maintainability etc.)
Build orderingcatalogsand inventory items from vendor data in order to define customer needs
Gather andanalyzecustomer reporting requirements in order to integrate them into our reporting offerings
Occasionally triage and troubleshoot support tickets, and create stories for the development team should they need further technical engagement
Review, test, and validate software deliverables to ensure that they meet stakeholder criteria
As with all members of the development team theBusiness Analystis to help continuously drive improvements within the team focusing around predictability, quality and throughput.

Skills/Experience/Personal Attributes:
Decisive: Able to make business critical decisions on priority of work by always considering what is best for the business.
Driven: Maximized value with minimized risk and balanced alignment of commitments, business needs, quality and feature/function.
Facilitator: An excellent facilitator of stakeholders, the Team, and customers such that solutions are driven forward in a timely and correctly prioritised manner.
Product Knowledge: Deeply knowledgeable about all aspects of their product area.
Continuous Improvement mindset: Help drive relentless improvement in everything we do.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills,including ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers.
Capable of taking command and control of product level decisions in such a way that the speed of development is maintained.
