RESPONSIBILITIES:

Kforce client's PVSI and Relationship Management enablement teams are jointly looking for a Business Systems Consultant 5 in Chandler, AZ who will assume the role of a subject matter expert for "CRMTools", a custom CRM solution used by Wholesale Business Banking and Community Small Business Relationship Banking.

Summary:
This individual will rapidly come up to speed as a subject matter expert to serve as the primary point person for CRMTools on the business team. You will have the potential to convert to FTE and transition with the tool to the PVSI team, supporting the Small Business Relationship Banking users through the migration off CRMTools and onto CRV Digitized Banker Platform (DBP) solution. Once the migration is complete this individual may be leveraged as the Small Business SME for CRV going forward on the production support team. Resource must be independent self-starter with drive for excellence. Detail oriented and comfortable in a world where change is rapid and normal.

REQUIREMENTS:
Ability to facilitate and lead meetings to reach conclusions, identify tasks, record actions, and achieve results
Ability to take initiative and work independently with minimal supervision in a matrixed environment where change is constant
Familiarity with waterfall and agile methodologies
Strong communication skills both in person and virtually
May be required to work an occasional evening or weekend to perform business validation for production install
Limited travel may be possible
May create standardize process and procedural documentation
Start your career off on the right foot with one of 'America's Top 500 Companies', as awarded by0r client is known as a place where people feel included, valued, supported and respected. Innovative thinking and industry-leading technology allow their associates to thrive and grow in their careers. And with a priority placed on their culture and company principles, their commitment to diversity, ethics and the communities in which they operate is their driving force.

Kforce is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
