Roles & Responsibilities:
Understand what business units (internal customers) do, how goals are accomplished and key process dependencies that may exist
Identify, document, and communicate complex requirements across systems and business domains
Understand the integration of processes across domains, scope, charter, plans
Collect business requirements and prepare written requirements using Client’s IT specified formats to ensure continuity of requirement documents across projects
Develop Agile Product Backlog items for presentation to development teams and business owners including appropriate assumptions, acceptance criteria, user/system details, and non-functional requirements
Prepare business process maps, high-level work flows, use cases, functional specifications, wireframes, process flow diagrams, and report mock ups
Support development teams in obtaining clarification of requirements/features from business units in a timely manner to avoid delays in development cycle
Analyze business requirements to identify/suggest feature requirements, develop user stories, assist in identifying and documenting scope of work procedures and decision flows
Identify business processes for redesign; Determine how to improve existing business process; Identify modifications to automated processes
Ability to communicate technical information to a non-technical audience and to communicate business information to a technical audience
Participate in QA process by understanding the implementation and helping to define test cases based on user requirements
Performs other duties as assigned or apparent
Preferred Skills:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field preferred; Master's degree preferred
Minimum of 4 years' practical experience in technical business analysis required
Minimum of 3 years' experience in scrum/agile environments; Scrum certification preferred
Experience generating requirements from the client/business and documenting.
Experience with process improvement, workflow, benchmarking and / or evaluation of business processes required
Advanced level of proficiency with PC based software programs and automated database management systems required (Excel, Access, PowerPoint) required
Knowledge of current Microsoft .NET technologies including C#, VB.NET, ASP.Net, and SharePoint highly preferred
Working knowledge of Microsoft Team Foundation Services 2013 preferred
Working knowledge of relational databases and database structures is required
Strong aspiration to learn new technologies
Ability to communicate analysis findings such as trends and opportunities to client’s/business users in writing and verbally required
Demonstrated ability to use discretion, make sound decisions, and maintain confidentiality
Proven strong relationship-building and communication skills with team members and business users.
Ability to work with a minimal amount of direction while being pro-active in keeping their management informed of project related issues.
Ability to respectfully question ideas and share a point of view with others in support of the business requirements and needs.
Ability to effectively communicate with various levels of employees ranging from entry level to senior leadership.
Ability to manage multiple projects at the same time and shift priorities quickly.
Experience working on an Agile/Scrum team preferred.
Proven strong problem-solving skills, troubleshooting, and root cause analysis.
Experience in the education industry preferred
About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Staffing is a Minority & Woman Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Our journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions.
Our Global Delivery model with over 110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 800,000 resources across all major industries.
With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
