Associate Business Analyst

Job Details
Description
We are looking for a full-time, experienced Associate Business Analyst to be part of the team that deploys Parchment applications to new clients. The successful candidate will have a background in the Education or Software industry, experience with project management, strong communication skills, and the willingness and ability to think creatively and flexibly. This position is suited to a person who brings both business analysis skills and project management experience to the role.

Parchment is a Scottsdale, AZ based software-as-a-service education company. Our mission is to unleash education credentials by unlocking the critical data they embody. We are fundamentally changing how transcripts and other education credentials are moved and used. Our customers include more than 10 state departments of education, nearly 9,000 schools and universities and hundreds of thousands of individuals trust and rely on Parchment software to manage and deliver millions of transcripts and other student records each year.

The associate business analyst is responsible for overseeing the planning, requirements analysis, implementation and tracking of implementations of Parchment software for higher education clients.

Primary Duties and Responsibilities Include:
Manage small implementation projects and contribute to large projects
Defines and documents internal and external business functions and processes.
Reach out to clients to deploy tools that interact with our system
Configure the application to meet client needs
Acts as liaison between internal and external users to ensure optimal operational performance.
Provide member support throughout the project and project completion documentation.
Qualifications
Skills and Proficiencies:
Aptitude and desire to solve problems
Experience with project management and client-facing projects
Comfortable with written and verbal client communication
Ability to manage multiple projects at once
Proficient in MS Office apps, Project Management Tools
4 year university degree or equivalent experience.
Experience with SalesForce
Location:
The candidate may work out of our Scottsdale. AZ or Deerfield, IL office.
Personal characteristics

The candidate should demonstrate competence in some or all of the following:
Behave Ethically: Understand ethical behavior and business practices, and ensure that own behavior and the behavior of others is consistent with these standards and aligns with the values of the organization.
Communicate Effectively: Speak, listen and write in a clear, thorough and timely manner using appropriate and effective communication tools and techniques.
Creativity/Innovation: Develop new and unique ways to improve operations of the organization and to create new opportunities.
Foster Teamwork: Work cooperatively and effectively with others to set goals, resolve problem, and make decisions that enhance organizational effectiveness.
Lead: Positively influence others to achieve results that are in the best interest of the organization.
Make Decisions: Assess situations to determine the importance, urgency and risks, and make clear decisions which are timely and in the best interests of the organization.
Organize: Set priorities, develop a work schedule, monitor progress towards goals, and track details/data/information/activities.
Plan: Determine strategies to move the organization forward, set goals, create and implement actions plans, and evaluate the process and results.
Solve Problems: Assess problem situations to identify causes, gather and process relevant information, generate possible solutions, and make recommendations and/or resolve the problem.
Parchment Inc. is an Affirmative Action Equal Opportunity Employer
