While we?ve been named a ?best place to work,? our proudest accomplishment comes from serving nearly 17 million AAA members. Through our dedication, growth and our people, you will build AAA members for life by fulfilling our promise to be there when they need us!

As the IT Data Protection Analyst, you?ll have the unique opportunity to build, modify and maintain functional and non-functional requirements for system improvements, upgrades and new functionality. (Non-functional requirements are system requirements related to the hardware/software environment in which the application will operate, but are not part of the actual business function(s) performed by the application.) You?ll analyze systems to determine root cause of problems and builds system work flow. You will partner with and provides support to project stakeholders throughout the SDLC in understanding and clarifying the requirements under examination.

With this role, you?ll have the ability to:
Learn business strategies, IT strategies and relevant standards.
Assist in clarifying business requirements/needs and documents the same.
Documentation and recommendations reviewed by manager or higher level analyst.
Work closely with customers, business analysts, and team members to understand business requirements that drive the analysis and design of quality technical solutions.
Participate in requirements sessions and walk-throughs.
Involved in the ongoing routine aspects of a systems life cycle for small projects or pieces of larger projects.
Assist with test planning (in partnership with QA Lead), maintenance and support for simple application software.
We?d love to hear from you have:
The ability to trace given transactions through a small to moderate system and document how systems and overlapping processes interact
Preferred
Ability to create non-functional requirements and translate business requirements into non-functional requirements
Solid grasp of developing, quality assurance and integration methodologies
Understanding of industry practices and CSAA IG policies and procedures
Required Education, Experience, Licenses & Certifications
Bachelor?s degree in related area (Computer Science, Information Systems, or related technical discipline) or an equivalent combination of education and experience
0 ? 2 years System documentation experience and/or technical writing
CSAA Insurance Group Offers Many Benefits, Including:
Medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance coverage.
Employee assistance, healthy pregnancy and wellness programs.
Paid time off, plus nine paid holidays and 24 hours of volunteer time off.
401(k) plus company matching up to 6% and a cash balance pension program.
Tuition reimbursement, self-service training and career development opportunities.
Be part of a community that works

At CSAA Insurance Group, we take pride in our values-based culture. Helping our employees lead enriched lives and satisfying careers is how we work. Our employees appreciate the integrity and inclusion that is evident throughout our everyday interactions. We respect the diverse range of perspectives, backgrounds and cultures of our teams, and join together when it comes to helping our members, community or one another.

Headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, our community also works in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Jersey and Oklahoma. Learn more about us at CSAA-Insurance.aaa.com/careers

Let?s work together

Please submit your application to be considered. We communicate via email, so please check your inbox to ensure you don?t miss important updates from us. Questions? Please email us.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

MUST HAVE AUTHORIZATION TO WORK INDEFINITELY IN THE US

#LI-BA1
