While weve been named a best place to work, our proudest accomplishment comes from serving nearly 17 million AAA members. Through our dedication to service, growth and our people, CSAA Insurance Group will create AAA members for life by fulfilling our promise to be there when they need us.

Our Sr. Analyst, IT Disaster Recovery will assist in developing, implementing, and maintaining policies, procedures, and programs across CSAA in accordance with the IT Policy Documents. Ensure the availability of IT resources in the event of a disaster and help provide and coordinate disaster preparedness training with respect to CSAA information technology, helping ensure business continuity. You are strategic, analytical and a conceptual problem solver with the ability to translate data and metrics into business concepts and impactful tasks.

What your day may look like:
You will work with IT Infrastructure and Business Continuity management teams to ensure that the IT Disaster Recovery (DR Plans) and business continuity plans (BCP) work in harmony to drive disaster recovery strategy and procedures
Provide guidance and DR Plan development support to the application owners across the organization
Ensure compliance of all IT supported applications with the IT Policy Documents and facilitate DR Plan testing and maintenance cycles with key application and plan owner resources
Evaluate present-day DR plans, testing strategy and environment to identify gaps and provide recommendations for improving the overall health of the DR Program capabilities
Work with staff to identify and secure back-up systems and written policies and procedures, using the latest trends in technology including cloud and Data Center as a Service (DCaaS) to help develop creative solutions that meet the needs of our customer
Managing, scheduling and leading the annual DR failover exercises, including coordinating with technology vendors and internal teams, developing the recovery procedure runbook based on available DR Plans, reporting on outcomes and tracking the completion of post-exercise lessons learned
Provide ongoing feedback for risk management, mitigation, and prevention
Conducting compliance, gap and data analysis to monitor overall IT Resilience Program posture and health, which will feed into a monthly report on Disaster Recovery activities to IT and Security management
Acting as a liaison for auditing and examination of disaster recovery processes
Helping to ensure compliance with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations
Interacting and coordinating efforts with Incident/Problem Management, Change Management, Asset and Configuration Management as needed to facilitate your IT Resilience Team responsibilities
Administration and management of an IT Resilience Program Management tool, like RSA Archer, Fusion Risk Manager, BC in the Cloud, etc. used to track and manage DR program reporting, planning and testing activities
Skills, education and experience we are reviewing for:
A bachelors degree in an IT/technical or management related field including but not limited to computer science, information systems/security, mathematics, security and risk analysis, management of information systems, etc.
2-7 years of professional experience in IT operations, business continuity / disaster recovery, project management, or data and analytics
Obtain within the first 2 years of employment any of the following certifications - Certified Business Continuity Professional (CBCP), Certified Business Resilience IT Professional (CBRITP), and/or Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP); or current possession of any of the above certifications in good standing highly desired
Outstanding oral and written communication skills to convey plans, exercises and activities. Ability to communicate effectively with technical, non-technical and management staff on a professional level
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred
Working knowledge and understanding of the latest recovery solutions, high availability architectures, mainframe architectures, networking and storage architectures; application testing and BIA development
Experience working with various groups across many teams including applications, infrastructure, and the business preferred
Highly motivated self-starter with the eagerness to learn new concepts and tools and apply them in a fast moving and growing environment
Ability to travel to domestic locations across the United States to conduct annual DR drills as needed, when it becomes safe to travel
Understanding of ITIL processes, a plus
Use of advanced features and calculations in Excel and other data analysis tools
As a valued member of our community, you will:
Join a team who is passionate and hardworking
Work at a place that is awesome
Work in an environment that is healthy, supports balance and looks for innovative risk takers
Achieve career growth from engineer to architect, manager or executive
Experience a culture where all of our members, employees and partners are number one
CSAA Insurance Group Offers Many Benefits, Including:
Medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance coverage.
Employee assistance, healthy pregnancy and wellness programs.
Paid time off, plus nine paid holidays and 24 hours of volunteer time off.
401(k) plus company matching up to 6% and a cash balance pension program.
Tuition reimbursement, self-service training and career development opportunities.
Be part of a community that works

At CSAA Insurance Group, we take pride in our values-based culture. Helping our employees lead enriched lives and satisfying careers is how we work. Our employees appreciate the integrity and inclusion that is evident throughout our everyday interactions. We respect the diverse range of perspectives, backgrounds and cultures of our teams, and join together when it comes to helping our members, community or one another.

Headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, our community also works in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Jersey and Oklahoma. Learn more about us at CSAA-Insurance.aaa.com/careers

Lets work together

Please submit your application to be considered. We communicate via email, so please check your inbox to ensure you dont miss important updates from us. Questions? Please email us at talentacquisition@csaa.com

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

MUST HAVE AUTHORIZATION TO WORK INDEFINITELY IN THE US

#LI-BA1
