SUMMARY:

Grand Canyon Education is looking for a Business Analyst who will play a key role in our goal of providing outstanding customer service delivering solutions to our customers. As a Business Analysts this position will work with a variety of teams to understand the customers objective for each request, elicit requirement and offer and execute solutions to meet these goals. This Individual will investigate and propose solutions and may include existing or new technologies. Our Business Analysts will work with members of multiple teams who have technical and business responsibilities and can understand both processes and system functionality. The role is new to the organization and individuals should be comfortable working in an unstructured environment, able to manage multiple priorities, and flexible as processes mature. The ideal candidate will bring their innate analytical and creative skills, can see both the big picture and details within that picture, will have problem-solving skills, and is comfortable with responsibilities and accountabilities.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES, RESPONSIBLITIES, AND EXPECTATIONS: Duties
Comfortable with responsibility and accountabilities necessary to provide outstanding customer service.
Self-motivating, showing initiative and a strong sense of urgency.
Act independently or within a team structure to accomplish customers goals and objectives.
Advocate for our customers and serve as the conduit with multiple teams including software development, procurement and vendors through which requirements flow to deliver solutions.
Work independently with our customers to define concepts, problem statements, solutions, timelines.
Elicit requirements to understand the objective of a request and able to interpret what is important from what is not.
Understand and retain information learned and apply to future requests for solutions.
Comfortable researching business processes, documenting requirements and aligning these requirements to a solution.
Learn and interpret technical information and how it is applied within a solution.
Formulate and provide multiple options to solve a customers request.
Identify gaps and areas for improvement in existing or potential solutions and work closely with other change-agents to implement resolutions.
Prepare and deliver presentations to stakeholders to explain requests and recommended solutions and how they resolve an issue/request.
Identify resources needed for projects and manage throughout the lifecycle.
Comfortable working directly with technical resources such as Sys Admins, DBAs, Developers as well as business professionals and executives.
Communicate with multiple team, customers, and with other leadership members including executives displaying excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Monitor and report status on timelines, and progress of requests.
Form relationships with internal teams, vendors and our customers becoming a trusted resource for change and solutions.
Able to identify next steps when given an assignment or task and question when unsure, to prevent unnecessary delays in responses and timelines.
Open-minded and adaptable to new ideas for quick out-of-the-box solutions.
Demonstrate to think strategically and can apply to our changing environment.
Engage in multiple initiatives simultaneously displaying strong organizational and time management skills.
Create resource materials/Knowledge Base that will be used by other teams to provide ongoing support of applications and processes used by customer.
Produce clear and concise communication and documentation that and turn over to the Customers or other IT Teams.
Willing and able to work and support projects after hours if required.
QUALIFICATIONS:The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required to successfully perform the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Excellent problem solving and decision-making skills.
Understanding of project management techniques including planning, organizing, time management and scheduling.
Sees both the big picture and details.
Highly self-motivated and directed with a keen attention to detail and willingness to assume responsibility.
Prior work within IT or demonstration of analytic skills a plus.
Education and/or Experience:
Bachelors degree in a related discipline (computer science, information technology, etc.) from a regionally accredited institution or equivalent work experience, with a technical major, such as engineering or computer science.
An equivalent combination of directly-related work experience and education may be substituted upon supervisors approval.
Prior Business Analyst experience a plus.
Prior experience managing projects a plus.
Certifications, Licenses, Registrations: Iterative or Waterfall project management certifications a plus.

Writing and Communication Skills: Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) to facilitate delivery of IT solutions for business needs.

Skills, Abilities, or Other Qualifications:
Student and Customer Oriented
Excellent Communication Skills - verbal and written
Excellent Thought and Creativity
Action Oriented/Problem Solving
Self-Leadership
Project Management
Professionalism
SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBLITIES:This position will not have direct reports.
At Grand Canyon Education, it is our privilege to serve students and those who support academic advancement. We lead educational transformation by developing superior ways to help schools grow and prosper. We provide transparent programs, intuitive online learning technologies and well-established academic models that promote student success and institutional growth.

Employment is contingent upon the satisfactory outcome (as determined by the university) of pre-employment screening activities, including a background check.

For assistance with your job application please use our External Candidate Job Application Guide.

All staff candidates will be asked to review GCEs staff expectations as part of the application process.

Our partner in education, Grand Canyon University, is Arizonas premier private Christian university. GCU serves traditional and online students by offering quality academic degree programs, experienced leadership and transformative learning experiences both on our growing campus and digitally.

If youre interested in working for Grand Canyon University, visit jobs.gcu.edu.

For more information about Grand Canyon Education, Inc., visit gce.com

Posted 6 Days Ago

Full time

R000027005
