Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Technology sets IT strategy; enhances the design, development, and operations of our systems; optimizes the Wells Fargo infrastructure footprint; provides information security; and enables continuous banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels to Wells Fargos more than 70 million global customers.

This is a great opportunity to join the Services and Automation team within the Infrastructure Technology Services organization. The right engineer is passionate about analysis and insights and should be familiar with agile technologies and online collaboration tools that allow he/she to engage with our geographically distributed team. This position will be responsible for designing, building and optimizing analytics and reporting solutions by using SQL, SSRS, Tableau, SSIS and SharePoint development and working with ancillary technologies to provide insight analysis for business needs.

The role will focus on building solutions and data collection for business insights to processes for the strategic delivery of data and metrics. This will include review on data quality to ensure reports and continuous improvements are presented to leaders and collaborate across groups for feedback.

Required Qualifications
5+ years of application development and implementation experience
5+ years of business intelligence experience
5+ years of SQL experience
4+ years of Tableau experience
3+ years of SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS), SQL Servicer Reporting Services (SSRS) experience, or a combination of both
5+ years of experience delivering Business Intelligence (BI), analytics and reporting using API Services architecture
Desired Qualifications
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
4+ years of Agile experience
Experience using SQL for data transformation
5+ years of relational database experience
Experience with SQL Server database design and administration
1+ years of ETL, data warehouse and data analytics delivery experience on internal or external cloud platforms
3+ years of JIRA experience
2 + years of Team Foundation Server (TFS) experience
Knowledge and understanding of Git or GitHub
Knowledge and understanding of SharePoint
Knowledge and understanding of technology infrastructure: distributed technologies
Other Desired Qualifications
Ability to learn new tools and cross train other team members
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Quick learner passionate about learning new and emerging technologies
Job Expectations
Flexibility to work in a 24/7 environment, including weekends and holidays
Street Address

AZ-Chandler: 2600 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ
NY-New York: 150 E 42nd St - New York, NY

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
