DriveTime Needs a Strategic Planning Analyst
Headquartered in Tempe, Arizona, DriveTime is the largest privately owned used car sales and finance company in the country (yes, we are THAT good)! With more than 130 dealerships, 3 operations centers and 15 reconditioning centers across the nation, our 4,000+ employees are focused on getting the right customer in the right car, at the right terms. With over 25 years of industry experience, and our dedication to streamlining the purchase process, we're redefining what it means to buy and finance a used car.
As focused as we are on our customer, we take that same focus on finding the right talent for the right opportunities within our organization. All across the nation, from our Home Office and operations centers to our retail locations and reconditioning centers, we are looking for talented individuals like yourself to join our ever-growing team!

That’s Nice, But What’s the Job?
In short, as the Strategic Planning Analyst you will be responsible for supporting areas of strategic planning and business development related to developing, directing and communicating business and strategic plans to benefit new or expand business opportunities.
In long, the Strategic Planning Analyst is responsible for:
Monitors competitive and external environments, preparing analysis and supporting communication to leaders and executives.
Designs, develops and maintains timely market intelligence reports such as market share reports and competitor profiles.
Participates in improving organizational performance by recommending areas or approaches for improvement initiatives or activities, performing new procedures, collecting data and providing input to department discussions.
Proactively recommends and develops processes and methodologies to improve the quality and value of the company.
Provides support to the Managers via data analysis, research, and interviews to develop business cases, ROI analyses, and feasibility studies.
Responsible for drafting certain components of such business cases, analysis, and studies.
Supports the department with annual updates to the company’s strategic plan as required.
Supports the Managers and the team and proactively monitors and reports progress, challenges and opportunities related to strategic plans and business plans.
Provides information and support to the Managers for the development of the monthly and/or quarterly progress reports.

So What Kind of Folks Are We Looking for?
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. The ability to talk and write with confidence, charisma and competence for a wide variety of audiences including management.
Killer analytical and reporting abilities. You’ll need the capability to analyze data and in return, prepare timely reports on your findings.
A mind for the details. Okay we know “detail-oriented” is on about every job description – but we really mean it!
Rebel with a cause. You are always looking beyond the obvious for continuous improvement.
Agile in a fast-paced environment. We move, and we move quickly. Thriving in an environment that never stops, is a must.
Plays well with others. You will be working in a high-functioning team environment. We work together in order to win together.
Operate autonomously. This isn’t a “hold your hand” kind of role. We give you autonomy to be creative in your space and do your thing. We need an individual that is self-motivated to get the work done and get the work done well.
Quality decision maker. Good decisions are made based on knowledge. We’ll need you to gather all the facts and take them all into consideration when making decisions.
Exceptional interpersonal skills. Friendly and tactful with the ability to influence others, effectively manage conflict, exercise sound judgment, effectively manage highly sensitive and confidential information, interact at all levels within the organization, and build cross-functional partnerships across the business
The Specifics.
3+ years of experience in a financial or quantitative role within the consumer or finance industry
Bachelor’s degree is required; major in Business, Finance, Accounting, Statistics, or Economics is preferred
Strong understanding of all three financial statements and fundamentals of accounting
Proven analytical abilities and modeling skills
Ability to intuitively analyze and correctly interpret data; detect trends and themes in quantitative analyses
Anything Else? Absolutely.
DriveTime was awarded Top Companies to Work for in AZ by AZCentral.com for our great culture and one of the Best Places to Work in IT as awarded by PBJ. Essentially we offer a creative, transparent and fun environment since, well, we work here too. DriveTime was also voted the Fastest-Growing Private Companies by Inc 5000, and we aren’t slowing down anytime soon!
So What About the Perks? Perks matter.
Medical, Dental and Vision. DriveTime pays a nice chunk of your premiums to keep the cost as low as possible for our employees.
16 days of PTO and 6 paid Holidays. Because who doesn’t love time off?
Benefits like 401(k), company paid life insurance, short and long-term disability.
Casual Dress. Come dressed in jeans (you’ll fit right in with the rest of us).
Game Room. Gimme a break – no, not a Kit Kat ad but we do have a ping-pong table, pool table and Virtual Reality if you ever need a break in your day.
Wellness Program and In-House Gym. We want our employees to be the best versions of themselves. That’s why we offer a Wellness Program that includes an in-house gym, B12 shots, teeth cleanings, biometric screenings and much more!
Growth opportunities. DriveTime takes a lot of pride in promoting from within. We have spent the last 14 years growing our team members and taking them on the path to owning their careers!
