Berkley Aspire is passionate about making excess and surplus lines business easy to transact. We differentiate ourselves by continually innovating to bring market-leading technology and services to our agents and their clients. From direct bill with installments, to not requiring renewal applications for 80% of our small business policies, we focus on making it easy, expeditious, and efficient for agents and consumers.
Berkley Aspire writes from small, minimum premium, policies to accounts over six figures. We offer General Liability, Property, Inland Marine and Umbrella policies through Berkley appointed agencies in 49 states.

The Business Transformation Analyst provides strategic business analysis to address current business problems to include identifying solutions, process improvements, business transformation and/or system changes or additions. This role would also assist in the analysis of potential new business opportunities. The Business Tranformation Analyst role will partner with project owners of each system to ensure enhancement projects and ongoing maintenance projects are completed in a timely manner. This role will also assist project owners with creating business requirements for system enhancements.
Responsibilities:
When needed, meet with assigned project stakeholders to perform an initial assessment of problematic situations or new business opportunities.
Perform root cause analysis on business issues to identify weakness and problems.
Facilitate brainstorming sessions to review solution options that will address root cause issues.
Compile recommendations/solutions with attention to desires, capabilities and limitations.
Present findings and recommendations with detail support and documentation.
Assist business partners with business case creation and summarize what/if scenarios to assist in stakeholder agreement.
Outline recommended options for solutions or implementations with detailed data and documentation.
Determine impacts on enterprise-wide basis for resources, systems and/or processes.
Assess the effectiveness of changes to include tracking costs and the overall benefits of these changes.
Partner with appropriate resources to help outline ROI for proposed initiatives and/or projects.
Work collaboratively internally and with partners to deliver chosen solution(s).
Ensure continued alignment for all initiatives and projects with the strategic goals outlined by organization.
Serve as a liaison between IT/BTS and business to facilitate understanding of intent.
Monitor status of enhancement projects with clear communication to business partners.

Minimum of five years business analysis or equivalent experience.
Minimum three years E&S underwriting experience.
Property and Casualty insurance experience required.
Strong skills demonstrated in complex account analysis, prioritization, organization, detail orientation and ability to meet deadlines.
Experience writing functional requirements and specifications.
Proven organizational and problem solving skills and the ability to balance multiple tasks simultaneously.
Strong customer focus and the ability to respond with a sense of urgency.
Entrepreneurial qualities, such as trying innovative solutions, resiliency to change and recognizing what is most important to get done.
Teamwork, providing and welcoming open, honest, respectful and constructive feedback
Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Ability to communicate effectively with business partners and IT.
Demonstrated strong written and verbal communication skills.
