Job Req ID:

8441


Job Title:

Business Process Analyst - DWP

Konica Minolta Business Solutions U.S.A., Inc., a global Fortune 1000 company and one of Forbes 2017 America’s Best Large Employers, is transforming the way we all do business.

From smart office technology and information management to cloud, mobility and IT services, we have a rich history of creating the products and services necessary to drive innovation and make work possible from anywhere at any time. Our award-winning products and solutions help companies around the world move information faster, improve quality and productivity, enhance security and facilitate the sharing of information. We are proud that our portfolio leads the industry while exceeding environmental standards.

At Konica Minolta, you'll work for an amazing technology company with growth opportunities, great benefits and talented, passionate co-workers.
Position Objective
Responsible for improvement and implementation of business operation process for WPH (Edge IoT Platform of Konica Minolta) related services.

To design business process with customer-centric and well-organized operational cost in global, also to transit those to operation companies with global customer support group consistently.

To work with service owner and productization team or business planning team to deliver designed business process through WPH Edge IoT platform, backend systems, and applications.

Due to the current circumstances brought about by the Covid-19 outbreak, this position does not yet have a start date. However given the importance of the role, we will continue to actively interview candidates during this time, with the intention of completing the hiring process and extending an offer as soon as we are able to do so. Initial interviews will be over the phone and/or video.
Essential Job Functions
Competencies (Knowledge, Skills and Abilities)
• Knowledge and experience of IT service and system development framework (ITIL, SOA, PMBOK, Scaled Agile Framework, and so on)

• Excellent written and presentation skills in Japanese

• Understanding of Japanese business culture
Experience, Educational Reqts and Certifications
• Bachelor’s degree.

• 5+ years of experience designing business process (Service Delivery, Service Bulling, Service Support)

• Experience with international markets

• Excellent written and presentation skills

Konica Minolta Offers:
Competitive salary (base salary plus generous commission plan).
Strong results are well rewarded; President’s Club winners have earned celebratory trips to Miami/South Beach, Montreal, Punta Cana, and Las Vegas.
Outstanding benefits package (including medical, dental, vision, life insurance)
401(k) plan with matching company contribution
Generous holiday and paid time off schedules
Tuition Assistance Program
Ongoing professional development training
Visible, exciting work supporting sales of cutting edge technology and workflow solutions.
Join Konica Minolta and help drive innovation as we transform the Workplace of the Future.™

Konica Minolta is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, transgender status, gender identity, disability, alienage or citizenship status, marital status or partnership status, genetic information, veteran status or any other characteristic protected under applicable law.

Nearest Major Market: Phoenix
