Great that you're thinking about a career with BSI!

Are you looking to join a dynamic global industry leader that can boast nearly 120 years of excellence, growth, and continuing innovation? Do you hold yourself to the highest of standards? If yes, then we would love to hear from you.

BSI is seeking a Business Systems Analyst to be part of a software development team responsible for gathering requirements, testing and delivery of features, and maintenance of our customer's applications.

The Business Systems Analyst will also be responsible for interfacing with internal and external clients and stakeholders and collaborating with cross-functional teams to identify business requirements and supporting artifacts during all phases of software development life cycle (SDLC).

Essential Responsibilities:
Interfaces with internal and external clients and IT development teams to define scope and requirements, and to identify and document functional specifications and supporting artifacts during the software development life cycle, based on user needs and industry standards
Follows Agile software development methodologies such as Scrum and Kanban as an integral member of the software development team and have knowledge on Waterfall methodologies
Leads scoping and requirements gathering meetings with business customer
Prepares detailed functional specifications and/or other artifacts from which applications will be written.
Documents existing applications pre-dating beginning of the contract, when applicable
Gains detailed understanding of application functionality, system design and file structures
Develops and implements solutions and provides service and training to those requiring IT support
Works closely with the software and operations engineers to ensure requirements are implemented as required, in line with standard practices, and functional in all environments (Development, Pre-Production, Production)
Prepares and conducts detailed functional testing of the specifications being developed
Adheres to project plans and timelines and provides support to the project manager / Scrum Master
Supports end-user testing, leading to successful delivery of project
Troubleshoots issues and assists users with identifying system errors and possible enhancement requirements
Works on and prioritizes multiple projects and tasks
Serves as a point of contact for production issues
Performs other duties and project work as assigned
The ideal candidate will possess the following characteristics:
Bachelor's degree
2 years Business System Analyst or software development life cycle (SDLC) experience
8570.01 IAT Level I certification required (e.g. A+ CE, Network+ CE)
Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook
Analysis and problem-solving skills
Interpersonal communication skills
Verbal and written communication skills
Group presentation and public speaking skills
Collaboration and team-oriented work philosophy skills.

Our Excellence Behaviours: Client-centric, Agile, Collaborative. These three behaviours represent how we do things at BSI. They help us ensure that BSI is a great place to work and a highly successful business.

BSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to diversity.

To protect our candidates and BSI employees during the Covid-19 outbreak, all interviews will take place remotely.
