The NortonLifeLock eBusiness team is responsible for providing a great digital experience to our prospects, customers and partners so they can discover, transact and get help online in order to deliver on our mission to enable people in protecting their digital lives. You will be responsible for providing holistic web analytics support for the organization in order to quickly pinpoint issues and develop opportunities and insights that increase conversion rates, improve site performance and enable a great eCommerce customer experience.

In this role, you will partner with multiple teams to further develop reporting/tracking capabilities and toolsets to create the relevant reports and deliver timely ad-hoc analysis. Combining these insights with project management capabilities and acute business acumen, you will formulate and communicate recommendations, help drive execution, and quantify results that enable a great customer experience and delivers significant value to the business.

SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for deep-dive web and platform analytics for multiple web properties under the NortonLifeLock umbrella to help internal and external teams understand current performance trends, issues and opportunities.
Liaise with a wide variety of regional and functional leads on a regular basis to understand our business needs in order to formulate appropriate metrics and KPI's that measure the effectiveness of online performance, initiatives and activities.
Create dashboards, reports and alerts to operationalize the delivery of KPI’s to various stakeholders within the eBusiness, digital marketing and renewal teams.
Run ad hoc analysis to diagnose trends or answer specific questions from stakeholders on a regular basis.
Develop initiatives that optimize conversion rates and customer experience through in-depth data mining and flow analysis.
Prepare and deliver compelling communications, reports and presentations at multiple levels of the organization that provide insight and clarity about eCommerce performance results and opportunities.
QUALIFICATIONS:
6-8+ years of hands-on technical and functional experience as a practitioner of tools and technologies such as Adobe Analytics, Adobe Discover, Google Analytics and/or other similar web analytic tools.
6-8+ years of demonstrated statistical knowledge and proficiency with query analysis and visualization tools such as SQL, Access, Excel, Tableau and/or Qlikview.
6-8+ years’ experience in a fast-paced, leading-edge eCommerce organization in a similar role.
Ability to analyze large, multi-channel data sets and derive actionable insights. Apply business acumen to make recommendations aligned with business goals and strategy.
Ability to simultaneously manage multiple short and long term analytic projects with varying degrees of complexity.
Excellent presentation skills using data visualizations to articulate results in a clear and concise manner.
Adept at relationship building through all levels of the organization.
Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Marketing, Economics or Business or relevant work experience is required.
Proficiency in MS Office products (PowerPoint, Excel, Word, etc.).
Strong communication skills, with an emphasis on being concise and persuasive. Fluent in English required, both verbal and written.
#LI-AS1

NortonLifeLock is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive and accessible environment for all employees. All employment decisions are based on merit, experience, and business needs, without regard to race, color, national origin, age, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth or related medical conditions), genetic information, disability (physical or mental), medical condition, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, military or veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by federal, state, or local law. NortonLifeLock strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based on such protected characteristics and seeks to recruit the most talented candidates from diverse cultures and backgrounds.

We also consider for employment qualified individuals with arrest and conviction records. In addition, NortonLifeLock will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. Learn more about pay transparency.

EEO is the law. Applicants and employees of NortonLifeLock Inc. are protected under Federal law from discrimination. See the EEO poster and supplement.

Apply
