Requirements:
Candidate needs to come from a Banking/Financial background.
Main responsibilities: Gathering business requirements, defining requirements, working with the business, working with technical teams, general Sr. IT Business Analyst experience.

GENERAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Establishes and implements quality assurance and compliance processes for IT.
Works closely with IT leaders to develop/implement and overall quality maturity roadmap and plan for each IT functional area.
Consults with development, testing, and production teams to develop, publish, and implement software quality assurance plans.
Reviews progress toward the software quality assurance plans regularly with IT leadership, technical teams, and internal customers to make modifications as necessary.
Establishes internal IT service quality control standards, policies, and procedures.
Monitors, evaluates, manages, and executes audit processes to ensure compliance.
Coordinates and facilitates quality assurance activities across projects with project managers.
Provides guidance and subject matter expertise to IT teams on quality assurance methodologies and processes, educates them on their responsibilities/accountabilities for the purpose of achieving on-time and quality deliverables.
Makes recommendations and directs improvements to the software development lifecycle process.
Documents non-compliance to policies, processes, and standards and assists in their resolution.
Analyzes and identifies trends in IT performance metrics.
Designs, monitors, and analyzes performance metrics program for quality improvement initiatives.
Conducts audits and analyzes findings to develop appropriate corrective action recommendations.
Provides training on established processes and policies.
Performs other related duties as required.
Job Type: Contract

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Banking or Financial: 2 years (Required)
Business Analysis: 5 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Contract Length:
1 year
Contract Renewal:
Likely
