Job Description


Here at Discount Tire, we celebrate the spirit of our people with extraordinary pride and enthusiasm. As America’s largest independent tire retailer, specializing in tires & wheels, we have over 1,000 store locations and continue to grow every year. Our consistent growth over the last 60 years, the loyalty of our customers and passion of our people makes Discount Tire a great place to work.

Under general direction, Senior Business Analyst, develops data-oriented insights and solutions for business groups including but not limited to, store operations, real estate and finance. Provides information-based, actionable solutions to enable enhanced business insights and support the Company’s strategic goals.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Provides insights and strategic direction to key stakeholder; applies methodologies to future strategic decisions, including but not limited to, capital purchases/investments & budgets
Designs and executes scenarios and analyses to evaluate impact of business decisions; including but not limited to Net Present Value (NPV) analysis, Risk analysis, valuation, capital budgeting, cost of capital; develops future market strategy; communicates findings to stakeholders
Researches and analyzes key business drivers, competitive environment, opportunities, trends, and operating metrics based on data; formulates business direction in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders; ensures insight can be leveraged for future business decisions
Solve difficult, non-routine analysis problems, applying advanced analytical methods as needed.
Develop financial models and statistical analysis, forecasting and optimization methods/models to provide business insights and solutions to key stakeholders; applies methodologies to future strategic decisions, including but not limited to store operations, finance, human capital management.
Interaction with team, stakeholders and in person meetings towards making business recommendations based on data with effective presentations of findings, visual displays of quantitative information
Stays current on the latest industry technologies, techniques, trends and strategies
Completes work in a timely and accurate manner while providing exceptional customer service
Other duties as assigned

Job Requirements


Qualifications:
This position requires a minimum of five year’s experience conducting operations, product, and financial analysis and developing insights using regression models and statistical analysis.
Excellent quantitative and problem solving skills are vital.
Proficient in popular modeling tool sets for cluster analysis and advanced predictive modeling is required.
The ability to frame solutions to complex problems is crucial.
Expert knowledge of Microsoft Office, Word, Excel and PowerPoint is needed.
Advanced in SQL with Experience writing SQL queries, performing basic conversion and transformations (e.g. formatting date string), and obtaining statistical summaries by using windowing functions.
Advanced demonstrated skill with financial and statistical modeling.
Experience with statistical tools such as Python or SAS is preferred.
Experience with front-end reporting tools such as Microstrategy is preferred.
Experience working with senior level executive leadership is required.
Ability to communicate across all levels of the organization is necessary.
Business acumen with knowledge and understanding of business issues, priorities, goals, and strategy is necessary.
Domain knowledge in retail, store operations, automotive, or services is helpful.
The ability to multi-task, and manage multiple projects to meet various deadlines simultaneously is required.
The ability to work efficiently under pressure, accurately meet deadlines, present a professional demeanor and work well independently is essential.
Customer service skills, including the ability to manage and respond to different customer situations while maintaining a positive and friendly attitude are essential.
In addition, organizational and problem solving skills, a can-do attitude, and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential.
Maintaining confidentiality, treating others with respect and upholding Company values are key attributes.
Educational Requirements:

Master’s in finance or MBA

CFA certified preferred

Work Days:

Normal work days are Monday through Friday. Occasional Saturdays and Sundays may be necessary.

Work Hours:

Normal work hours are 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Additional hours may be necessary.

Apply
Not ready to
