Business Systems Analyst

Job Title

Business Systems Analyst

Job
ID

27373619

Location

Scottsdale,

AZ

85260

Other Location

Description

Career Evolutions is searching for a Business Systems Analyst for a fast-growing healthcare company in the Phoenix-metro area. Contract opportunity between 6-9 months with compensation up to $45 per hour.

If you’re looking to join a fast-growing healthcare company where your work will have a direct impact on the organization and its suppliers, partners, and customers then this may be the right opportunity for you.

You will focus on delivery of transformational applications to consumer-facing locations while looking to create value for stakeholders and customers. You will be responsible for the end-to-end product requirement / feature life-cycle process from idea to full implementation.

Also, you will gather, document, and prioritize the needs and requirements of the business users and sponsors to drive continuous innovation and improvement. Establish functional expertise in specified application(s) and associated business processes. Conduct analysis activities associated with process definition & design and business operations optimization. Identify issues and risks and provide alternative courses of action to achieve business and organization goals and objectives. Conduct impact analysis and recommends follow-through actions and develop product backlog and orders the items to best achieve goals and missions. Build, develop, and grow relationships with business users, outside business partners and other stakeholders.

Qualifications & Requirements
Bachelor's Degree Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field
2+ years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst
Experience with internal and external facing applications
Experience with workflow/business requirements documentation tools (ex: Jira, TFS, etc)
Highly motivated, self-directed, results driven and the ability to perform job functions in an independent manner
Knowledge of Project Management principles, including Agile/Waterfall methodologies
Skilled in working with cross-functional teams to affect collaboration, resolution of issues and community building across multiple functions
Problem solving skills including demonstrated ability to analyze issues and to work effectively with cross functional groups to participate in problem solving
Excellent communication, presentation and interpersonal skills are essential, including the ability to accurately analyze problems, explain solutions, and present technical solutions to end-users in a non-technical manner
Experience in Retail environment (Plus)
Founded in 2008, Career Evolutions is a leading Executive Search Firm based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Career Evolutions provides products and services to identify top talent, develop employees, and maximize human capital to enhance the bottom line. For more info, please visit www.careerevolutions.net, check out our Current Opportunities, and contact us via phone 480.626.5253.
