Sr Business Analyst, Sports Creative Services

General
Summary

This role will primary support FOX
Enterprise Media Services (EMS) department as a Business Analyst
by
participating in a functional and technical capacity in all
phases of project
life cycle and ongoing management, support, and maintenance of
media asset
management systems. This candidate will lead multiple activities
such as
customer relations, business process reengineering activities and
managing
complex requirements, user experience and user interface needs,
while serving
as functional liaison to the user community. This person
continuously gains an
understanding of media supply chain and how systems are used in
support of
business workflows, transferring knowledge between users and
technical members
of the team. Knowledge and expertise managing projects with cross
functional
teams is critical to success of this role. This position is
located in Century
City, CA.

Responsibilities
Project Initiation
Develops understanding of customer needs and applies
it in researching potential solutions.
Participates in clarification, rationalization and
documentation of project requests.
Participates in preparation of the business case,
project charter, project cost justification, RFI, RFP,
package selection
recommendation and other project initiation documents.
Application Development
Analyzes and documents relevant business processes.
Conducts interviews with customers to define
functional requirements.
Serves as intermediary between technical and non-technical
teams to ensure items are developed to meet business needs.
Leads and/or participates during detailed design
and/or configuration.
Participates in software selection process, where
applicable.
Participates in integration testing, including
development of test plans, test cases and scenarios and
documentation of
results.
Facilitates and/or conducts user acceptance testing.
Assists in the preparation of end user documentation,
training materials, curriculum and schedule.
Conducts training classes, including train-the
trainer, one-on-one and classroom style training.
Provides first line post implementation support to
users regarding functional issues.
Participates in change management activities.
Application Support
Takes ownership of functional issues by identifying
underlying problems, analyzing potential solutions and
implementing
system resolutions, including workarounds when needed.
Participates in functional analysis for production
support activities.
Applies department change control policies & procedures.
Coordinates with other technology departments on
integrated system support.
Administration
Communicates plans, status and issues to management on
a regular basis.
Adheres to department standards, policies, procedures
and industry best practices.
Departmental Responsibilities
Self-driven with ability to adapt quickly to
constantly changing environment.
Ability to self-prioritize based on constantly
changing needs ranging across project and support
initiatives.
Comfortable presenting in front of large groups and to
executive management.
Proactively seeks and escalates areas of improvement
that can help drive cost savings and other efficiencies.
Other Responsibilities Required
Available to work nights and weekends as needed.
Some travel may be required.
qualifications
Stellar business analyst with proven skills in customer
relations, backend functionality, and user experience.
Superior analytical skills, ability to translate
business and functional requirements into actionable user
stories.
Strong communication skills, including creation of
project documentation, presentation materials, and
showcasing to business
and technical audiences.
Working knowledge of SDLC methodologies such as Agile
Scrum and Kanban is required.
Industry experience in movie & television studios
or live sports or broadcast television or telecom or OTT/VOD
distribution
is preferred.
Knowledge of features & functionality for media
ingestion, transcoding, transformation, and distribution is
desired.
Hands-on experience with media asset management systems
and cloud computing is a plus.
Knowledge of data analysis, metadata taxonomy, and
broadcast traffic & scheduling metadata systems is a bonus.
Experience configuring off-the-shelf software
to support business needs including setting up of rules and
variables.
Gains understanding of customers workflows and how
systems are used in support of their workflows.
Take ownership of functional issues by identifying
underlying problems, analyzing potential solutions, and
implementing
resolutions, including workarounds.
Support multiple business divisions in a functional
capacity across all project phases.
Proficient with structured analysis, including process
flow definition, and data flow diagramming.
Participates in integration testing, including
development of test plans, test cases, and documentation of
results.
Communicate plans, status and issues to project team
and management on a regular basis.
Self-driven with ability to adapt quickly to a fast
paced constantly changing environment.
Knowledge of Atlassian Jira/Confluence, Invision,
Lucidchart, Microsoft Office, Slack, Quip, Trello is a
bonus.
Ability to self-prioritize based on constantly changing
needs ranging across project and support initiatives.
Proactively seeks and escalates areas of improvement
that can help drive cost savings and efficiencies.
Adheres to department standards, policies, procedures,
and industry best practices.
Available to work after hours, nights, and weekends as
needed.
Education
& Training
Master's or Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science,
Technology, Engineering, Mathematics or equivalent.
At least 7 years of experience in business analysis,
system analysis, or functional consulting.
At least 5 years of experience defining complex
requirements, business rules, and user stories.
At least 5 years of experience developing, or
participating in Agile software development.
