Why join us?

Impact. Join us in reinventing CSAA Insurance Group, a AAA Insurer and deliver solutions across 23 states and the District of Columbia. Work and learn alongside your Team Members at start-up speed and agility to create real and meaningful change.

Recognition. We offer a competitive total compensation package including base salary, annual performance bonuses, benefits, and 401(k) Company match with additional discretionary contribution potential.

Lifestyle. We do honorable work, and we live our values: respect, integrity, teamwork, and service.

What you'll do:

The eGRC technical analyst is an accomplished user of the RSA Archer GRC platform used by the Governance, Risk and Compliance team as well as IT. This team member will have hands on experience with Risk and Compliance modules (use-cases) of Archer. You will work very closely with the technology (development and operations) teams as well as business owners to ensure on-time and stable platform delivery. This position will have a developer role, and assist with the end-to-end delivery life-cycle (requirements to testing) of the solutions. You will be working on several complex initiatives at the same time and will have demonstrated ability to multi-task in a fast pace and evolving risk environment. The success of the role requires a solid understanding of Risk and Compliance, experience building and growing relationships with senior compliance leaders while also closely with other IT teams.

What you've done:
Served as the Archer Lead Engineer for IT leadership
Configuration, management, architect and support of both core and on-demand applications
Lead the administration of items like user accounts, data feeds, workflow & reports access etc.
Assist in the design and development of reporting inclusive of dashboard and iViews
Work closely with risk managers and compliance team to specify and document product outcomes and standard methodologies to align the Archer product to the GRC Program.
Develop and enhance existing Archer applications for optimal performance and user experience with focus on high quality and predictable release cycles.
Continued training and development on the Archer GRC platform.
Assist in aligning and mapping authoritative sources such as NIST, COBIT, PCI, MAR, etc.to internal standards to ensure governance documentation supports selected frameworks
Knowledge and experience with risk management processes such as findings management, remediation management, and exception management
Able to work with RSA Archer to automate governance processes, handle authoritative source frameworks, handle control standards, and their related control procedures
What we would like to see:
5 or more years development and administration of eGRC platforms and experience with Microsoft .NET and SQL Server platforms including Archer Script and C#.
3+ years designing and implementing solutions using Archer GRC platform version 6.X
Java / Oracle experience development experience with Web Services or other standard integration skillsets.
Bachelors degree or equivalent as related to Information Technology, Audit, Accounting or equivalent
Solid understanding of Information Security control standards (NIST CSF, CIS, and PCI etc.)
Understanding of continuous improvement and ability to effectively incorporate into daily work.
Effective partnering, communications and facilitation skills
Strong process analysis and modeling skills along with direct experience converting business requirement into impactful objectives and measurable outcomes.
Collaborator who can work effectively at all levels of an organization with the ability to influence others and move toward consensus
CSAA Insurance Group offers many benefits, including:
Medical, dental, vision, disability and life insurance coverage including benefits coverage for domestic partners. Company contributions into a Health Savings Account (HSA).
401(k) plus company matching dollar for dollar up to 6% and a cash balance retirement program.
Company paid employee assistance plan and health support programs.
Award-winning wellness programs including free onsite fitness classes.
Paid bonding leave for birthing and non-birthing parent and paid adoption leave.
Two weeks paid military leave.
Flexible time off, plus ten paid holidays and 24 hours of paid time off to volunteer.
Tuition reimbursement, self-service training, career development and mentorship opportunities.
Be part of a community that works

At CSAA Insurance Group, we take pride in our values-based culture. Helping our employees lead enriched lives and satisfying careers is how we work. Our employees appreciate the integrity and inclusion that is evident throughout our everyday interactions. We respect the diverse range of perspectives, backgrounds and cultures of our teams, and join together when it comes to helping our members, community or one another.

While headquartered in Walnut Creek, California, our community also works in Arizona, Colorado, Nevada, New Jersey and Oklahoma.

Lets work together

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company.

We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

#LI-SB1

#MP
