Company Summary
Join our team! As a member of the First American family of companies, First American Home Warranty offers a wide range of home warranty products and services to home sellers, buyers and agents. As a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions, First American (NYSE: FAF) is an ideal place to build your career. We have been entrusted with helping our customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. We believe that our people are the key to the company’s continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has created an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.homewarranty.firstam.com
Job Summary


Summary

The Business Systems Analyst must understand business processes and ensure system alignment. This role will translate business requirements into system definitions and solutions, act as a strategic partner and liaison between the user community and the technical applications development staff and resolve system problems to ensure customer processes run smoothly. Document business processes, training procedures, standard operating procedures, project status, etc.

Essential Functions
Technical and implementation focus is on providing standard applications to resolve business needs/issues.
Participates in identifying business system requirements and related business/application solutions for a specific business need.
Gathers customer requirements for customized system solutions, analyzes and provides alternative solutions.
Writes and maintains system documentation
Provides training and support directly to customers.
Manages testing cycles and provides testing support for implementations.
Requirements
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
A minimum of 2 years of directly related experience
Basic knowledge of general business environment/operation and general cost benefit awareness.
Solid working knowledge of standard features/functions of one or more applications to field, analyze and resolve customer issues/problems.
Good written and oral communication skills
Warranty, Insurance or Financial field experience
Addresses problems, researches alternatives, prepares presentations, drives solutions, tests to confirm, gains consensus, and implements solutions for defined business processes
Creates documentation of business processes, training procedures, and standard operating procedures
Basic understanding of Data Analysis and/or relational databases
Knowledge of system integrations and supporting technologies
Standard Microsoft Office skill set.
Working knowledge of Atlassian tools (Confluence, Jira)
Proficiency in SQL is a plus
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
