Job Title: Salesforce/Financial Business Analyst
Company Description:
Limelight Networks, Inc. (Nasdaq: LLNW) is the content delivery partner for thousands of entertainment, technology, enterprise and government entities around the globe. Limelight’s mission is to securely manage and globally deliver digital content, building customer satisfaction through exceptional reliability and performance.

Job Purpose:
The Financial Business Analyst works on key initiatives in support of the Sales Team customer lifecycle by interacting with other members of the Sales Management team to ensure effective coordination, planning, and execution of sales meetings, communication, process and sales enablement/knowledge. Sales Operations Analyst helps define and track key sales processes and metrics. The Sales Business Analyst is responsible for a timely and accurate response to the business needs and information request from the global sales and account management team.
Essential Functions:
Manage Salesforce Reports and Dashboards for the Sales Team.
Oversee the internal communication process for the Sales Staff and serve as the corporate conduit for all written sales communications to Executive staff.
Design and maintain the Sales Resource Center portal and ensure its ongoing utilization and relevance to the Sales team.
Design and enhance processes to be utilized by the Sales Team to improve their overall effectiveness (e.g., Account Plans and Sales to Account Manager Handoffs).
Coordinate efforts for the annual voice of the customer programs including oversight for outside vendors, system setup, internal team communications on the process, progress and follow-up action response planning and execution.
Sales Opportunity Support- oversees the entire process of submission efforts.
Other duties as assigned by management related to continual improvement of revenue generation and customer value delivery functions and effectively plan, coordinate and execute on projects independently.
Qualifications:

Experience and Education (minimums)
Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science, Finance or related field.
2-3 years’ experience in Sales Operations.
Proven Data Management Skills in a fast-paced work environment.
Experience with Salesforce.com Reports and Dashboards strongly preferred.
Knowledge, Skills & Abilities
Able to identify process gaps and effectively communicate with a Salesforce Administrator on engineering new sales processes supported in CRM.
Proficient in MS Excel, MS Word, and PowerPoint.
Experience in managing large datasets quickly and effectively. Strong ability to model data, and report forecast trends, churn and funnel metrics.
Strong written and verbal communication skills, excellent cognitive reasoning, analytical, planning and process development skills, strong business judgment, business acumen, and high level of initiative.
Ability to work on projects with minimal oversight at times, you’re a self-starter.
Comfortable interfacing with Executive Leadership, Legal, Finance, Deal Desk, Product, Marketing and all Sales roles in the organization.
Ability to rapidly gain a demonstrated knowledge and understanding of defined sales cycle.
Ability to respond effectively to multiple conflicting priorities, continuously prioritize and reprioritize deliverables and to respond in a dynamic work environment.
Interested in learning new technologies to support the business, including but not limited to Salesforce, Salesforce CPQ (Configure Price Quote), Salesforce App Exchange Products, and BI tools.
