Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Business Solution Architect

Job Summary

The Data Warehouse Solution Architect is a hybrid role of Data Analyst, Business Analyst, Data Modeler and Project Manager. They work with the Business side to understand the high level needs. They work with the Data Management team to build a solution path which allows us to meet the need with minimal technical debt. The propose solutions and build estimations for these solutions. They work with the team to guide them on implementation of these solutions.

Responsibilities
Works with Business SME to identify available data sources for the business unit
Query and profile data
Identifies reference data elements within existing source extracts
Understand and translate source code values
Identifying enterprise level data elements
Support the Data Steward in understanding potential enterprise key data elements
Validating definitions across the organization
Works with the Modeling team to map data into the Business Information Model
Propose data solution paths using our current data warehouse(s) which limit technical debt and prepare for our future state.
Work with the team to understand the proposed data path and address any concerns that come up during design/development and implementation
Review project documentation for solution alignment
Work with the project management to build initial estimates for the proposed solutions.

Qualifications
Bachelor degree with 8+ years of experience in conducting requirement analysis, functional & detail design documents along with technical specs for business rules
Proven Ability to see the big picture and make decisions based on limited knowledge
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of business and technical demographics
Proven ability to lead teams in a matrixed environment to achieve positive results while creating a dynamic and engaged team environment
Knowledge of data warehousing and data integration is a must
Banking/Financial Services experience is a must
Advance SQL knowledge, database knowledge and data modeling knowledge is a must
Banking product knowledge in either core banking products (loans, deposits, forex and money market) or Capital Markets products (Derivatives, Options & Futures, Securitization and Fixed Income) is a must
Understanding of the project life cycle and experience in implementing projects in waterfall and agile methodologies
Experience in estimating and tracking actuals
Work with the MUFG data environment(s) is a plus
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
