Compliance & Risk Opportunity in Financial Services

Advertising Analyst

Location(s): ALL LOCATIONS & REMOTE

All qualified internal applicants, irrespective of location, will be considered for all internally posted roles at this time. Compensation range displayed in internal postings is the national average, and compensation decisions will be employee-location based.

Summary:

Imagine the excitement of working for a billion-dollar startup company with a strong revenue flow and a client base that goes back 60+ years. Our employees are the how and the why of Advisor Groups success. The Advertising Analyst reviews retail communications and other external and internal communications to ensure compliance with applicable SEC and FINRA rules and internal policies. This position will manage a specific regional territory developing and maintaining relationships with the financial advisors in the region.

Our Advertising Analyst will assist with compliance projects including, but not limited to: participation in regulatory examinations, corporate marketing, providing guidance and reviews to transitioning advisors, reviewing professional designations, conducting due diligence on proposed third party marketing vendors, managing the pre-approved advertising library for the firm, reviewing new product sales literature, and report and document unapproved advertising.

Responsibilities:
Apply SEC and FINRA advertising regulations applicable to communications with the public.
Serve as a subject matter expert to financial advisors on matters pertaining to advertising compliance. Assist internal business partners to understand and comply with advertising laws, rules and regulations.
Interact with management and other supervisory/compliance personnel on escalated issues to ensure marketing materials are compliant with advertising requirements and industry best practices.
Maintain effective working relationships with areas across the organization as well as with regulators. Submit filings to FINRA as required.
Maintain quality customer relations with emphasis on service, quality and support of business objectives.
Work independently to ensure department deadlines are met and service levels are maintained.
All other duties as assigned
Education Requirements:
Bachelors degree preferred, high school diploma (or equivalent) in combination with significant experience will be considered in lieu of degree. Minimum of high school diploma or equivalent is required.
Basic Requirements:
FINRA Series 7 and 24 (or S8 or S9/10) are required
2 + years experience in a principal capacity
Basic understanding of FINRA and SEC rules regarding communications with the public in order to effectively review items concerning securities and investment advisory services.
Understanding of financial products (variable products, mutual funds, alternative investments, etc.) and mainstream investment strategies used by financial advisors.
Ability to effectively handle and prioritize multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment to meet defined deadlines
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work in a time-sensitive environment and provide client support during extended hours as needed.
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to diplomatically find solutions to assist advisors with their marketing efforts.
Ability to read and interpret documents including firm policy and procedures and FINRA and SEC regulatory documents.
Preferred Requirements:
FINRA Series 63/66 or 65 preferred.
2+ years ad review experience is preferred.
Experience at an independent broker-dealer is preferred.
Equal Opportunity Employer

Advisor Group is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity in our workplace and we hire the most qualified candidates without regard for age, ethnicity, gender, gender identity or expression, language differences, nationality or national origin, family or marital status, physical, mental, and developmental abilities (or the perception of a disability), genetic information, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, skin color, social or economic class, education, work and behavioral styles, political affiliation, military service, caste, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Eligibility

Applicants for employment in the US must have valid work authorization that does not now and/or will not in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the US by Advisor Group.

Unqualified Applications

Advisor Group does not consider applications from candidates who do not meet the minimum qualifications stated in the job posting.

Recruiting Agencies

Advisor Group only accepts candidates from contracted recruiting firms and only for searches approved prior to submissions. Fees will not be paid for unsolicited submissions.
