Description
Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?
Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, were 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. Its part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. Were a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Job Summary:

This role will support the work of the Process Management Manager and work on a team charged with fundamentally transforming the organization by moving the bank to a customer-centric, process managed organization. This Associate/Assistant Vice President will be aligned to a Process Management Manager to partner with the business and SMEs to ascertain and document information about the processes, measurement systems and controls.

Major Responsibilities:
Support a Process Management Director or Manager in the paradigm shift from an internal, functional focus to a customer-centric, process orientation
Use the Process Excellence and Lean Six Sigma method, tools and templates to document the current state delivery model, processes, metrics and support the work toward a target state solution
Support the Process Management Director or Manager and assist in identifying and prioritizing the critical opportunities (projects) to drive out the optimal service delivery model
Work on a process team to focus on business performance that constantly strives to eliminate waste, integrate duplicative processes, and improve customer satisfaction by aligning the business resources in order to execute and implement the businesss future state high performance business model
Work on a process team to develop and build a customer-centric, process measurement system
Position will be considered for the following locations: Dallas, Texas, Charlotte, No. Carolina and Georgia.
Qualifications


Additional Information:
BS Engineering or Business Administration (preferred) 5 or more years professional work experience.
Preferably with experience on a re-engineering initiative in the financial services industry
Proven track record of achieving performance goals Six Sigma certification required (minimum Green Belt)
Ability to effectively partner with the business and a process team to drive out change and achieve business goals
Ability to learn what is needed to achieve results
Ability to work effectively on a high-performing team
Ability to communicate effectively (written and verbal) Analytical and process skills
Highly proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and ideally in Visio Resiliency and ability to adapt in a dynamic environment
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
