Rethink what’s possible with SwitchThink! SwitchThink Solutions is an IT Services CUSO from Desert Financial.

As a collaborative partner for innovation, SwitchThink Solutions offers technology solutions that help credit unions achieve their transformational goals. Our knowledgeable development, infrastructure, and IT operations experts work hand-in-hand with our clients to maximize the benefits of their technology and speed their results.

Who you are:

A hardworking analyst with a flair for consulting with and supporting clients with their enterprise reporting, data integration, and data analytic needs, including the development of dashboards. You are motivated by the opportunity to work closely with clients to analyze and interpret data in support of identifying market and business trends, conduct root cause analyses of business problems and provide strategic suggestions for improvement.

A typical week might include the following:

Consulting with clients to understand their unique business problems, then with the utilization data recommending solutions that will ultimately assist in solving the business problem by defining data/reporting requirements and goals.

Designing and developing solutions using Power BI and Jaspersoft, that enable clients to make decisions based on data utilizing dashboards and self-service reports

Providing support with troubleshooting and resolving reporting, dashboard related issues

Performing other job-related duties as assigned.

This role might be right for you if you have:

High School Diploma or Equivalent

5+ years experience in business intelligence role; collecting requirements and report development

Experience with SQL or PostgreSQL
Visa Sponsorship:
We are interested in every qualified candidate who is eligible to work in the United States. However, we are not able to sponsor visas, i.e. H-1B or TN Visas.

Bonus Points:

A Bachelor's Degree in computer science, math or related field

Experience working with Talend or similar ETL tools

Experience working in a DB2 environment

Financial Services Industry quantitative/ analysis/ reporting

About Us

We are considered leaders in the local credit union space, and we are growing like crazy. We’ve got a culture focused on smarts, kindness, continuous learning...and our people love it. A full 93% of our employees would recommend us to their friends. Come find out why! Learn more at jobs.desertfinancial.com.

We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
