RSS Project Business Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10036062-WD

Job Type Day


Location
Tempe, Arizona


Date Posted 07/01/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018). In the Americas, we’re 13,000 colleagues, striving to make a difference for every client, organization, and community we serve. We stand for our values, developing positive relationships built on integrity and respect. It’s part of our culture to put people first, listen to new and diverse ideas and collaborate toward greater innovation, speed and agility. We’re a team that accepts responsibility for the future by asking the tough questions and owning the solutions. Join MUFG and be empowered to make your voice heard and your actions count.

Project Business Analyst

Job Summary

Collaborating with the Director of RSS Project Shared Services group, and the Business Analyst Center of Excellence, the Project Business Analyst-VP works with partners from the business units and related third parties in support of efforts and projects focused and aligned with Finance Management of the Americas (FMA), Transformation and America’s Risk Management goals and objectives to drive operational efficiencies and scalability, reduce risk, support product implementations, develop and enhance business process management including but not limited to system and technology capabilities, vendor services and tools, data migration and integrity, and project lifecycle support of systems implementations, data solutions, and process redesign and implementation.

Responsibilities
Work with business partners to elicit high-level requirements and collect business needs. This may include helping to define the business problem and primary objectives of new projects.
Clearly articulate and document business requirements in detail following prescribed project methodology.
Assesses the risks of various solutions and prioritize challenging business demands.
Lead ongoing relationship with business partners to drive satisfaction with operations and technology.
Coordinate project delivery by participating in design reviews and walk-throughs to communicate systems designs and validate proposed solutions.
Obtain key inputs from enterprise architecture teams and identifies solution interdependencies.
Engage with Domain Experts to incorporate usability and user interface needs when designing or purchasing systems.
Proactively resolve customer satisfaction issues.
Participate in and support contract negotiation, maintain relationships, and monitor vendor performance against SLAs.
Develop test plans and scripts, traceability matrices.

Qualifications
Excellent verbal and written communication skills at all levels of the organization.
Demonstrated critical thinking and analytical skills.
Advanced negotiation and interpersonal skills.
Multi-tasking ability and flexibility.
Demonstrable ability to exercise independent judgment and apply prudent risk mitigation principles.
Ability to understand the long-term big picture and short-term perspectives of situations.
A true teammate and collaborator, translating prior knowledge and experience into strong and productive relationships internally and externally.
A respected business partner who adds value to the broader team.
A reputation for integrity, accuracy, consistency, big picture orientation and business acumen.
Excellent time leadership skills.
Demonstrated capability in both Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Demonstrate a hands-on approach to develop insightful, improved, impactful analytics.
Experience with OFSAA LRM, Profitability, 2052a reporting PeopleSoft GL, Hyperion, Axiom is preferred.
Strong use case, business process mapping and other tools.
Bachelor’s degree in any Finance field required.
Advanced degrees are preferred.
Professional certifications a plus.

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities duties and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it's the bank's policy to only inquire into a candidate's criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Project Management
Primary Location Tempe, Arizona


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
