Technology Analyst PEGA Robotics

07/06/2020

Job Description
Description

Infosys is seeking a PEGA Robotics Developer you will be a technology professional adding value to a gamut of Software Development lifecycle stages. You will create detailed design artifacts like program specifications, test plans; and independently develop and review code and contribute to the go-live plan. You will have the opportunity to collaborate with some of the best talent in the industry to create innovative high quality and defect-free solutions to meet our clients’ business needs. You will be part of a learning culture, where teamwork and collaboration are encouraged, excellence is rewarded, and diversity is respected and valued

Required Qualifications for PEGA Robotics Developer
Bachelor's degree or foreign equivalent required from an accredited institution. Will also consider three years of progressive experience in the specialty in lieu of every year of education
At least 2 years of experience with Information Technology.
Location for this position is Phoenix, AZ. This position may require travel and/or relocation.
U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.
Preferred Qualifications for PEGA Robotics Developer
At least 2 years of experience in in depth hands on application development experience in Pega Robotics
Skilled in automating business processes using Pega Robotics
Adept in RPA processes, including requirements gathering, solution designing, coding, testing, debugging, documentation and implementation using Pega Robotics.
Architect, Design and develop code and automation in Open Span Studio
Plays a critical role in building and deploying Robotic Process Automations.
Works closely with other developers, product managers, DevOps, and product support engineering to deliver new automated processes to replace manual processing.
Create scalable and efficient process automations.
Works with customers and partners in identifying and designing appropriate automation workflows.
Lead hands-on and non-hands-on training sessions in the use of RPA tools and best practices for using RPA tools to deliver robotic solutions
Experience with some or all of the following programming languages is preferred C# and/or Java, html, CSS Microsoft Technology (.NET technologies, SQL Server, Web Services)
Ability to work and communicate effectively with program management
Ability to work independently and as a member of a team
Strong communication, problem-solving skill
Experience and desire to work in Global offshore/onshore model.
Experience and desire to work in a management consulting environment that requires regular travel
About Us:
Infosys is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
With over three decades of experience in managing the systems and workings of global enterprises, we expertly steer our clients through their digital journey. We do it by enabling the enterprise with an AI-powered core that helps prioritize the execution of change. We also empower the business with agile digital at scale to deliver unprecedented levels of performance and customer delight. Our always-on learning agenda drives their continuous improvement through building and transferring digital skills, expertise, and ideas from our innovation ecosystem.

EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin
To learn more about Infosys and see our ideas in action please visit us at www.Infosys.com

Auto req ID
57039BR

State / Region / Province
Arizona

Country
USA

Interest Group
Infosys Limited

Role
Technology Analyst - US

Company
ITL USA

Work Location
Phoenix, AZ

External Job Title
PEGA Robotics Developer
