**Candidate may reside anywhere in the United States, as significant travel is required (up to 100%). Potential for some international travel depending on project.

**Maine Pointe is unable to sponsor any candidates at this time. All applicants must be authorized to work in the United States through U.S. Citizenship, Green card or Permanent Resident authorization.

POSITION SUMMARY

The Data Analyst has the primary responsibility of data collection, cleansing, modeling, and reporting of results. The qualified candidate will implement analytical approaches using advanced analytics techniques while working closely with stakeholders and teammates from non-technical disciplines. Use statistical theory through modeling, simulation, and large data analysis to deliver lasting measurable improvements to clients. This position will require experience industry leading BI platforms (Alteryx, Power BI, Tableau) to build and support the need for ongoing data-driven work to enhance the client’s systems and processes.

KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
Timely completion of data mining, cleansing, and modeling of transactional and financial data from client databases (i.e., Oracle, SAP, JD Edwards) that ties to/matches GL account/financial Statements.
Create best-in-class/compelling visualization of data, dashboards, tools and reports that supports the interpretation and merchandising of conclusions that drives key decisions for client management.
Evaluate existing templates and tools and participate in design, development and testing to enhance functionality and capabilities.
Help develop procedural documentation for the strategic procurement, operations excellence and logistics management operating systems.
EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION
Bachelor or Master’s degree in business, accounting, finance, economics, or mathematics. MBA preferred.
3-5+ years of experience working in a senior analyst role within management consulting or industry experience with supply-chain, procurement, logistics or operations with emphasis in business intelligence
1-2 years of experience with diagnosing, prescribing, planning, executing, and presenting small to medium analytics and BI projects
MUST haveexperience in most the following areas: Spend Analytics, Inventory Optimization, Network Optimization Modelling, SKU Rationalization, Strategic Sourcing, Demand Forecasting, and Advanced Planning & Scheduling
Alteryx Software and workflow design
Tableau Software and interactive dashboard design
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel, Access, and VBA.
Programming languages such as Python, Perl, C, C++, Java
Web scraping/data extraction, database management, data mining and market research, data blending and wrangling and econometric modeling
Data mapping (data definitions and business rules, mapping requirements to source data, etc.) and data profiling.
Understanding of statistical analysis and applications (SAS, R).
SKILLS/ABILITIES
Strong analytical and organization skills with respect to supply chain activities.
Passion for big data and advanced analytics.
Desire and tenacity to learn new skills and adapt to new challenges with an exceedingly fast learning curve.
Extensive experience analyzing complex or disparate customer financial and operational data.
Ability to interpret analysis results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently.
Extremely proactive self-starter that anticipates next tasks before it is assigned.
Ability and tenacity to develop creative solutions to complex problems and the ability to think way outside-the-box.
Strategic and tactical thinker.
Desire to not work at a big, bureaucratic, slow-moving company.
Able to speak proficiently with both IT and business audiences as it relates to project deliverables.
Ability to develop, sustain and proactively manage value-added customer relationships.
Capability to thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to solve complex business issues.
Demonstrated ability to adapt quickly to changing customers and multi-task multiple projects.
Proven initiative, drive and focus on detail.
General knowledge of mainframe system architecture (SAP, Oracle).
Ability to work effectively within and across teams.
