Company Summary
Docutech, A First American Company, offers a wide range of document technology solutions for mortgage, home equity and consumer lending, including document generation, eDelivery, eSign and print fulfillment. Our efficient solutions enable lending professionals to produce accurate and compliant loan packages in all 50 states. A career at Docutech means joining First American (NYSE: FAF), a global leader in providing title insurance, settlement services and risk solutions for real estate transactions. First American has been helping customers achieve and protect their dream of homeownership since 1889. People are the key to our continued success, and we invest in diverse talents and backgrounds and empower our teams to achieve more than they could anywhere else. First American has an award-winning culture and has been named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list for the fifth consecutive year and to more than 50 regional Best Places to Work lists. For more information, please visit www.firstam.com
Job Summary


The Business Analyst works with business departments, drives process improvement through seeking out and identifying opportunities and business process definition by defining and documenting processes and procedures.

This role will support Docutech’s web-based electronic document delivery, signing, eClose and eVault technology platform – Solex. The Solex team is focused on expanding the usability and feature set of the application as well as designing out the longer-term product roadmap that will see the platform expand to new product offerings.

Preferred Experience:
Experience in mortgage origination, mortgage servicing or mortgage technology preferred
2-5 Years Directly Related Experience in a Business Analyst role
Essential Functions:
Defines business process requirements, researches alternatives, prepares presentations, drives solutions, gains consensus, tests to confirm, and implements solutions for a specific business need.
Analyzes and gathers customer requirements to develop and implement customized solutions and provide alternative solutions.
Provides informal training as part of implementation process. May provide formal training and support directly to customers.
Working with business partners and SMEs, creates documentation of business processes, training procedures, and standard operating procedures.
Generate and create reports; research and analyze data and report trends to management/ business partners.
Knowledge and Skills/Technology Used
Analytical skills to determine root cause of problems and apply creative and effective solutions
Ability to analyze a situation, interview, formulate questions, and probe for deeper knowledge/ understanding
Data management skills
Has basic knowledge of general business, production, and/or operation environment and general cost benefit awareness
Good written and oral communication skills in order to define parameters to meet business requirements
Presentation skills
Standard MS skill set
Typical Education
Generally requires BS Degree or equivalent work experience
First American invests in its employees' development and well-being, empowers them to provide superior customer service and encourages them to serve the communities where they live and work. First American is committed to diversity and inclusion. We are an equal opportunity employer. For more information about our Company and our dedication to putting People First, check out firstam.com/careers.
