Overview About Public Consulting Group Public Consulting Group, Inc. (PCG) is a leading public sector solutions implementation and operations improvement firm that partners with health, education, and human services agencies to improve lives. Founded in 1986 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, PCG has over 2,500 professionals in more than 60 offices worldwide. PCG's Technology Consulting practice offers a full spectrum of quality Information Technology (IT) services to help state and local government agencies at every stage of the IT life cycle. Through its specialized IT services, PCG's Technology Consulting team finds cost-effective ways to help agency partners deliver successful IT systems that enhance the lives of the user base. To learn more, visit httpswww.publicconsultinggroup.comtechnology-consulting Responsibilities bull Serve as business analyst and subject matter expert on project engagements. bull Identify and recommend client business process improvements. bull Facilitate and manage software development life cycle activities, such as requirements sessions. bull Coordinate the user acceptance testing process. bull Communicate andor translate business challenges to IT and assist in developing solutions. bull Serve as liaison between various stakeholder groups and other third-party vendors. bull Create artifacts and formal deliverables relative to project initiatives. bull Contribute to project work plans, and other formal project management deliverables relative to project initiatives. bull Prepare other written reports and materials for clients. bull Identifies, documents, resolves andor escalates issues to the appropriate level. Qualifications bull Commitment to exceptional client service. bull Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. bull Uses sound judgment in completing tasks and to seek guidance when needed. bull Dedication to accomplishing goals and challenges presented by clients and management. bull Ability to interact with various levels of management and with clients. bull Working knowledge of business analysis methodology and software development life cycle. bull Ability to follow, critically evaluate, and improve upon current processes. bull Excellent business writing skills and ability to make presentations to various audiences. bull Strong Microsoft Office applications skills including MS Project, MS Visio, and MS Excel. bull Available to travel Required Experience bull 3+ years of relevant work experience with a public sector organization or management consulting firm. bull Bachelor's degree from an accredited collegeuniversity LI-AH1 D-PCG EEO Statement Public Consulting Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.
