IAT has an immediate need for an Analyst to provide application support by writing requirements related to UNDERWRITING and p provide quality assurance and integrity with regards to related FORMS. This role can work from IAT Offices located in Scottsdale, AZ, Naperville, IL, Rolling Meadows, IL or Raleigh, NC. Remote will be considered but it is not a preferred option.

The ideal candidate will have experience with insurance/underwriting forms and related applications. Specifically, experience identifying and articulating requirements. Experience (formally or informally) acting as a liaison between a user community and the systems and programming (corporate, vendor and customer) staff while analyzing business needs for improvement, and optimizing operational efficiency is a plus.

Within IAT this role site within the Systems Analyst job family.

Responsibilities:
Respond to requests from the production support team to confirm required behavior
Respond to User Acceptance Testing questions and requests to verify if issues they have raised are bugs
Review bugs to determine if it is a bug or requirement issue
Respond to questions from the Product team (most requests are looking for current attachment/select rules on specific forms, most current edition date of the form, or when a specific edition date is/was effective)
Gather requirements and complete Jira stories for tasks assigned by the Lead Business Analyst. Most of these are forms-related for General Liability or Excess. Sometimes requests are straight-forward but other times, meetings with business, product/compliance, or architect is needed as a part of the requirements process, as well as meeting to get final approval on changes.
Document requirements in SharePoint, Confluence, Excel
Groom requirements for Development/QA estimate and respond to any clarifications from Development/QA
While working on changes, this role creates tests in lower environments. If things are encountered that don’t function as expected, these are documented and sent to the QA Lead to ask them to verify if a bug is already submitted. (If not, they verify they can recreate it and submit a bug).
Submit tickets to the vendor for any base software issues that are found when comparing base and proprietary behavior
Provides guidance to users to develop automated solutions to business problems.
Prepares policies, procedures, work instructions and job aids in support of systems operations and business processes.
Participates in requirement definition meetings.
Utilizes accepted project management practices and tools.
Production Support: Supports end-users of the systems, answering questions, providing how-to instruction and training, researches and analyzes problems; documents resolution of all problems; assists users in defining requests for technical IT needs;
Systems administration and configuration updates: Identifies system problems/issues; resolves and tests system changes for problems/issues; prepares documentation and holds walk-throughs for the users of the systems, and performs ad hoc research projects.
Works with application vendors to support the software. Submits tickets and works through testing of the resolution.
Participates in the integration of new technologies/solutions.
Obtains and maintains specialized skill sets to support one or more specific sub-systems and/or business units as directed by management.
Contributes to process improvement and standards activities.
Provides superior customer service to both internal and external customers.
Prepares clear and concise business documentation and communications.
Evaluates and develops new techniques to improve the performance of the team in those specialized areas.
Performs other duties as assigned.
Qualifications:
Requires a Bachelor’s degree.
Equivalent experience is having 4 years of relevant experience as an analyst.
Requires 2 years previous professional experience.
2+ years P& C insurance, system development, application support or underwriting experience working with ISO products preferred.
Excellent skills in communicating with business users, business analysts, developers, testers, compliance team and others involved in application development.
Excellent skills in troubleshooting problems of high complexity.
Excellent skills in estimating, planning, and managing own work and work of others.
Ability to multi-task, manage details, and execute effective follow-through.
Ability to learn new applications, systems, and workflow concepts.
Ability to work in a collaborative, deadline-driven production environment.
SharePoint experience is desirable.
Strong analytical, decision making, and problem-solving skills.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Excellent communication skills.
Ability to manage small to medium-sized project efforts effectively, utilizing a working knowledge of a system development methodology.
Ability to multi-task, manage details, and execute effective follow-through.
Ability to learn new applications, systems, and workflow concepts.
Proven analytical, decision making, and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to display a continued commitment to expanding knowledge base through personal initiative and industry-sponsored courses/seminars.
Ability to continue education and stay up-to-date on technical developments.
Ability to perform effectively under tight timeframes with high standards, and bring about effective action through direction, example, and a collaborative team atmosphere.
To qualify, all applicants must be authorized to work in the United States and must not require, now or in the future, VISA sponsorship for employment purposes.
We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and participate in E-Verify.

To be formally considered one must apply online through the IAT Career Site.
Applicants should monitor their email for status updates and or requests.

IAT Recruiter:
Steve Morley | Senior Recruiter
steve.morley@iatinsurance.com
Connect | www.linkedin.com/in/stevemorley916

Video | IAT Round table
Video | IAT 2019 In review
Video | IAT 2019 Giving Week
Video | Driving a Culture of Feedback
(these linked work on the IAT Career Site Posting)

#Underwriting
#SystemsAnalyst #BusinessAnalyst
#Associate #Junior
#insurancejobs
