Andiamo is looking for a Sr. Systems Analyst for a contract opportunity with a client in Tempe, Arizona. In this role the Systems Analyst leads, performs analysis, design, testing and documentation tasks to support the development, enhancement, and maintenance of the company's systems. This position will be focused on (but not limited to) Digital Marketing.

Responsibilities include:
Leads and provides systems analysis for moderately complex applications, websites, databases, data, systems, integration, reporting and processes.
As the subject matter expert, researches and recommends solutions of applications, systems, databases, or websites.
Leads and facilitates collaborative business and systems requirement gathering sessions.
Collaborate with internal and external teams to foster data-driven strategy and execution.
Manage and execute analytics installs, changes, and customization via tag management.
Propose, manage, and execute branding and analytics strategies.
Keep pace with industry changes, technologies, and strategies.
Predicts potential problems for applications and/or systems and provides recommended solutions.
Prepares, maintains and archives detailed systems design specifications per approved standards/procedures.
Creates or updates project systems analysis artifacts using disciplined processes, procedures and standards.
Participates in, or leads, internal initiatives for the implementation, use, and improvement of processes, procedures, guidelines, and metrics for Systems Analysis team or IT organization.
Provides technical leadership & mentoring to less senior members on and off the team. Consults with other teams regarding technology solutions for business needs and/or problem resolution. Proactively seeks out opportunities to collaborate with other IT teams on project assignments and problem escalation.
Knowledge / Skills / Abilities:
TFS/VSTS Experience
Ability to read and write SQL
Experience supporting digital marketing initiatives, including CRM experience, eCommerce experience
Have worked in Microsoft .NET development projects
Any experience performing QA testing would be a bonus
Strong written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience across all levels of the organization.
Ability to predict potential problems for delivered applications and/or systems and provides recommended solutions.
Ability to handle a demanding workload and conflicting priorities in a time-sensitive, rapidly changing environment.
Strong knowledge of software development methodologies, integration and processes.
Develops or modifies project systems analysis artifacts using disciplined processes, procedures and standards.
Requirements:
A bachelor's degree in a field related to the position or a combination of related education and work experience in the area of systems analysis to equal four years.
Minimum of 5 years' experience required in a Systems Analyst role.
Leadership skills a plus.
These minimum requirements will also include additional criteria specific to the position.
#gdtech

Andiamo is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Andiamo provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Andiamo complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training.

All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply by submitting their resume as an MS word document including a cover letter with a summary of relevant qualifications, highlighting clearly any special or relevant experience.
