The scope of responsibilities will include:
Product feature analysis, planning, and execution through the entire product lifecycle. This would include gathering and prioritizing product requirements, requirement analysis, working with development teams as product owner to lead implementation using agile methodology, and working closely with all the stakeholders to make sure all their business requirements are met.
Effectively collaborate and communicate product road map, project status, and issues to accounting operations, executive management, and other stakeholders as necessary.
Be the liaison between Finance, Product and Business Units and be the primary representative of Finance Technology and Product in the region.
Building and integrating new products in the regions as well as enablement of Finance infrastructure as part of launch in new countries
Occasional travel may be required (estimate at less than 10%)
Basic Qualifications:
BS/BA or higher degree
6-8 years of relevant product management or finance experience including experience in payments, banking, credit union, or other financial systems, preferably knowledgeable with accounting and systems integration of such systems.
Business or systems analyst experience in order to demonstrate the ability to perform data analysis and research within data files and other data sources.
Strong business acumen and ability to work through complex and ambiguous business requirements from finance, tax, treasury, legal, compliance, and regulatory perspective.
Understanding of basic accounting and financial reconciliation including comfort with multi-currency environment is a strong plus.
Strong system and data flow knowledge. Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies.
Experience with top tier ERP systems and/or previous SAP experience a strong plus.
Strong communication skills - including ability to listen to the needs of others and comprehend complex matters, articulate issues in a clear and concise manner, and present effectively in both oral and written presentations to all levels in the organization.
Team-oriented approach – can effectively lead a project or participate as an effective team member as well as work cross-functionally with other organizations.
Willingness and ability to work independently, think creatively, and ability to pivot depending on changing priorities and deadlines
Affinity for a high-performance, fast paced and project-oriented work environment
