Job Description
CVS Health has a wonderful new opportunity within our Specialty Operations team. We are seeking a Business Process Support Analyst who will support a multi-million dollar opportunity within Specialty Operations through effective interpersonal leadership as well as strong analytical skills. You will be responsible for supporting the creation of financial modeling, business analysis, and other functions as defined by your manager related to the optimization of specialty generics. You will be required to effectively report analytical findings and recommendations to senior leaders and will need to possess a strong can-do attitude and work with others, such as finance, digital, core operations.

In order to be successful in this role you will need to have working knowledge of analytical software packages, like Tableau and Alteryx and the ability to effectively analyze and synthesize large amounts of complex data into relevant insights and present data in a logical, concise manner. You will also need to collaborate across teams such as payer relations, IT, finance, enterprise analytics, outside vendors (e.g. Mylan), inventory, reimbursement to set operational goals and deliver on budget commitments

We offer a comprehensive benefits package which includes medical, dental, vision insurance as well as a wide-ranging list of supplemental benefits and discount programs. In addition to sixteen paid days off for employees, we also offer ten paid holidays.

Shift/ Schedule: Monday thru Friday 40 hours per week

Required Qualifications
1+ years of experience of daily utilization of analytical software packages, like Tableau and Alteryx.
1+ years Microsoft office suite utilization in Business Analytics function.
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelors Degree in Business or relating to Analytics.
Education
Verifiable high school diploma or GED.
Business Overview
Its a new day in health care.

Combining CVS Health and Aetna was a transformative moment for our company and our industry, establishing CVS Health as the nations premier health innovation company. Through our health services, insurance plans and community pharmacists, were pioneering a bold new approach to total health. As a CVS Health colleague, youll be at the center of it all.

At CVS Health, we work every day to help people on their path to better health. Never has it been more important for us to deliver on our purpose to our valued customers, patients, members, and employees. With a presence in communities across the country, CVS Health colleagues are and will continue to be a critical piece of the countrys health care solution. The health and safety of our employees, patients, customers, and members is our top priority as we face the impact of COVID-19 together. If you would like to learn about the actions we are taking as a company as we learn more about COVID-19 and its spread, we encourage you to visit our COVID-19 resource center at https://cvshealth.com/covid-19

We offer a diverse work experience that empowers colleagues for career success. In addition to skill and experience, we also seek to attract and retain colleagues whose beliefs and behaviors are in alignment with our core values of collaboration, innovation, caring, integrity and accountability.

CVS Health is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Gender/Ethnicity/Disability/Protected Veteran we highly value and are committed to all forms of diversity in the workplace. We proudly support and encourage people with military experience (active, veterans, reservists and National Guard) as well as military spouses to apply for CVS Health job opportunities. We comply with the laws and regulations set forth in the following EEO is the Law Poster: EEO IS THE LAW and EEO IS THE LAW SUPPLEMENT. Please note that we only accept applications for employment via this site.

We provide reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need to request an accommodation, a qualified interpreter, written information in other formats, translation or other services, please contact our Advice and Counsel Reasonable Accommodations team by emailing Advice and Counsel Reasonable Accommodations team or calling 877-805-9511.

If technical issues are preventing you from applying to a position, contact Kenexa Helpdesk at 1-855-338-5609 or cvshealthsupport@us.ibm.com. For technical issues with the Virtual Job Tryout, contact the Modern Hire Help Desk at 1-877-451-1695 or cvs_support@modernhire.com.
