Description
The Franchise Business Consultant is the primary point of contact between Big O and its franchisees. The primary purpose of this position is to assist franchisees in building successful, profitable businesses and increasing their value, and implementing growth and operational strategies that align with corporate growth and profitability goals by influencing franchisees to adopt complementary initiatives. It is essential that the Franchise Business Consultant is able to build and maintain relationships with franchisees in order to deepen the commitment of the franchisee to the brand, compliance, and overall growth.
Job Responsibilities
Responsible for developing beneficial business relationships, getting buy-in with all franchises in zone, and creating an atmosphere of teamwork and collaboration for achieving clear targets, goals, and business plans.
Conduct annual business reviews with assigned franchisees to establish goals around growth, profitability, and succession plans. When appropriate, assist franchises in implementing exit strategies.
Analyze operational franchisee performance to identify areas of opportunity for increasing sales and profitability. Make recommendations for business and operational improvement and assist franchisees and their management teams in implementing new processes to achieve goals.
Prioritize and focus efforts with advanced business judgment to create the most value and largest impact for the franchise group, and use early wins to influence others.
Ensure that the Big O Brand is protected and well represented by assigned franchisees in all respects in accordance with existing Big O polices and standards.
Plan and conduct or assist with periodic regional meetings as required.
Identify new store growth opportunities in assigned markets with existing franchisees, potential independent conversion candidates, and awareness of potential real estate opportunities.
Understand the strengths and weaknesses of the advertising, marketing, and franchisee markets.
Qualifications
Proven experience in retail business planning, franchise growth, and succession planning with a solid understanding of operational execution in retail.
Outstanding track record of creating beneficial business partnerships, and collaborating with others in a team effort to achieve set goals.
Excellent ability to think strategically, analyze individual businesses for performance, identify issues, evaluate options, prioritize efforts, and develop/implement appropriate actions for growth.
Clear understanding of financial drivers of franchise business operations, market conditions, competitive landscape, and trends.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with various audiences to influence behavior, resolve issues, and gain commitment. Have a high comfort level interacting with franchisees and corporate management.
Solid ability to keep balance and objectivity while building rapport.
Proven ability to plan, manage time, set targets, work independently, meet deadlines, and deliver results consistently.
Preferred Experience: Five + years’ experience in management of retail tire and automotive service business. Multi-store and/or multi- state management experience a plus.
Benefits
Competitive compensation
Tuition reimbursement
401k plan with a company match. Immediate 100% vesting
Comprehensive benefits including medical, dental and vision
Company paid short term disability and employer subsidized long term disability
Company paid life insurance
Generous paid vacation and paid time off
Purchase discount program
Employee assistance program
Flexible spending account
Discounted tire and automotive services
And more!
TBC Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Work Environment.
Company Overview
For 60 years, TBC Corporation (TBC), one of North America’s largest marketers of automotive replacement tires, has been a tire company ahead of the curve. Through worldwide operations spanning wholesale, retail, and franchise, TBC also provides automotive maintenance and repair services with best-in-class brands. TBC meets the needs of consumers in search of total car care at more than 3,200 franchised and company-operated tire and automotive service centers under the brands NTB®, Tire Kingdom®, Merchant's Tire®, Big O Tires® and Midas®. TBC serves wholesale customers in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Mexico and the Middle East through NTW, TBC Brands, TBC Dealer Group, TBC International and TBC de Mexico.
