Position Purpose: Perform various analysis and interpretation to link business needs and objectives for assigned function
Support business initiatives through data analysis, identification of implementation barriers and user acceptance testing of new systems
Identify and analyze user requirements, procedures, and problems to improve existing processes
Perform detailed analysis on assigned projects, recommend potential business solutions and assist with implementation
Identify ways to enhance performance management and operational reports related to new business implementation processes
Develop and incorporate organizational best practices into business applications
Lead problem solving and coordination efforts between various business units
Assist with formulating and updating departmental policies and procedures
Education/Experience:
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 2-4 years of business process or data analysis experience, preferably in healthcare. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access preferred. Project management experience preferred.

Benefits and Payment Configuration
Compliance Coding/Prepay Compliance (Payment Integrity)
Bachelor’s degree in related field or equivalent experience. 2 years of business process analysis, preferably healthcare (i.e. documenting business process, gathering requirements) or claims payment/analysis experience. Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Applications, including Excel and Access preferred. Knowledge of managed care information systems and experience in benefits, pricing, contracting or claims preferred. Knowledge of provider reimbursement methodologies preferred. Previous structured testing experience preferred.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.
