Company Description

Semiconductor

Job Description

Description:

Managing operations projects for IOTG Vision, Markets & Channels Transportation & Cities, and Segment Teams.

Must have strong MS Office ,SharePoint and communications skills.

Operations and Planning
Manage the team budget to ensure budget targets are met including tracking, assisting with invoicing of Purchase Orders within quarter, and assisting finance to provide spending reports as needed. Coordinate team Strategic Planning processes to ensure deadlines are met including consolidating documentation. Processes include LRP, PLAN and POR as well as ad hoc internal strategic projects and initiatives. May also include consolidating data and presentations into a final report or PowerPoint. Specific tasks, though not all inclusive, include:
Provide weekly budget updates, update the BTI/Disc tracking sheets
Track and report discretionary through PowerBI and flag over/under spending trends
Consolidate and publish month 1 & 2 budget / Coordinate PLAN/xPOR/LRP with VMC
Ops and create and publish final results.

Track and follow-up on Open Purchase Orders
Provide and update Segments Strategic Objectives / Strategic Objectives measurements
Monitor and close HAT/HC tracking delta's or project assignments
Facilitate workspace planning for cubes and lab space
Attend VMC Cross Ops meetings. Publish pass downs and action items including key
deadlines (external reqs, POR inputs, etc)

Qualifications

Manage the team master calendar including coordination of meetings, attendees, agenda
and presenters. Schedule, plan agenda, coordinate guest speakers, minutes, quarterly review/tracker of Sabbatical, Diversity, Training Compliance, Ethics Case Studies.
Communications
Communications and Presentation Development: 5-20 / As required, develop communications for internal team and stakeholders to maintain alignment of programs and progress such as Quarterly Report Outs, Org Announcements, internal and external presentations including keynotes. Specific tasks, though not all inclusive, include:
Manage SharePoint and Teams sites access, design, audits, etc.
Maintain and publish team Org Chart on our Teams site/SharePoint
Coordinate the Ops Review with VMC Ops and work with the team to own the content management
Publish Quarterly Status Report
Publish Quarterly newsletter for our BU/SMG/X-org stakeholders (share strategy,
available collaterals, key KPIs)

Compile and publish draft 1H and Year End team summary roll-up
Coordinate overall hiring activities with Admin and team / Manage Segments Intern asks and reqs through central ops.

Minimum Educational Requirement: Bachelors degree in administration, science or engineering or other closely related field.

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
