Description


Do you want your voice heard and your actions to count?

Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018) with total assets of over $2.9 trillion (106.2 (JPY) as of March 30, 2018) and 150,000 colleagues in more than 50 countries. In the U.S., were 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team thats working to fulfill its vision to be the worlds most trusted financial group.
Summary:

The Cyber Security Operations Center (CSOC) Analyst will be responsible for security operations work in a dynamic, fast-paced, and global environment. The CSOC analysts job is to protect MUFGs information by monitoring the network, reviewing logs and alerts to detect potential cybersecurity events, and identifying anomalous activity. Additionally, the CSOC analyst will serve as an integral part of the Banks Incident Response team, helping to manage the incident escalation process and providing assistance with the investigation.

NOTE: This is a 4 day/10-hour shift, Sunday - Wednesday 9:00pm 8:00am
Major Responsibilities:
Review internal logs and alerts to determine detect I potential cybersecurity events. Triage cases based on output from automated alerts, and determine when to escalate to Tier 2/3 resources
Monitor external service provider(s) activity to detect potential cybersecurity events
Assist with investigations by consolidating logs across multiple internal/external environments and performing correlation analysis
Identify and block known bad signatures or behavior of attacks
Help manage the process to create tickets when potential incidents are identified
Develop common tools and templates and workflow to standardized event and incident reporting
Review log coverage and determine whether appropriate logs are maintained and available to support incident detection and response efforts
Evaluate potential security products, technical solutions, and capacity requirements to meet business needs and recommend changes to mitigate risk
Maintain knowledge of industry trends and current security practices
Qualifications
Requirements:
Minimum of 2 years overall experience working in global, complex, matrix-managed organization
Minimum of 1 year working directly in Cybersecurity Operations or Information Security
Knowledge in one or more security domains including Security Governance and Oversight, Security Risk Management, Network Security, Threat and Vulnerability Management, and Incident Response and Forensics
Relevant technical and industry certifications preferred such as CISSP,GCIA, or GSEC
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision
Knowledge of the Financial Services Industry
Outstanding oral and written communications skills
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of the work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, its the banks policy to only inquire into a candidates criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.
