Roles and responsibilities:
Develop test plans/scenarios/cases/scripts to ensure appropriate test coverage.
Provide direction to developers to implement solutions per requirements.
Execute testing based upon documented test cases/scripts and ensure applications tested meet customer defined business requirements per documented user acceptance criteria.
Conduct user acceptance testing with end users to ensure implemented solution meets expectations.
Document and track software defects as well as issues with performance and usability.
Identify, evaluate, and document business needs and objectives, operational processes and procedures, problems and requirements.
Understand the business case, and gaps in documented business process (as is vs. to be).
Perform requirements elicitation/documentation/management, as well as use case documentation (standard, alternate, and error) to assist developers in creation of solutions to meet business objectives.
Leverage understanding to document meaningful user acceptance criteria for user stories.
Capable of facilitating communication between stakeholders from all levels of the organization while objectively identifying and resolving conflict.
Identify and document processes and procedures related to Business Analysis and Quality Assurance standards, including opportunities for improvement.
Identify candidates for test automation, document test flow and data requirements/dependencies, and implement using approved tools.
Required Skills:
Windows Server Experience
SDLC - Agile (Scrum, Kanban) Experience
Intermediate Visual Studio/TFS/VSTS Experience
Intermediate VSTS Experience
Intermediate STLC Experience
Intermediate .Net Applications, ETL Experience
Intermediate MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access) Experience
Desired Skills:
MS Project Experience
Intermediate SQL Server 2008 R2 & 2016 Experience
SSIS/SSRS Experience
.Net 4 Experience
Experience with Automated testing tools such as Selenium, SoapUI, REST Assured, or Postman
About our Company:
Connecting people’s aptitude & ambitions with our opportunities to deliver results.
22nd Century Staffing is a Minority & Woman Owned Business Enterprise (MWBE) that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Our journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions.
Our Global Delivery model with over 110 recruiters, data miners and research analysts working across multiple time zones is backed by an internal database of 800,000 resources across all major industries.
With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Staffing is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
