At American Vision Partners (AVP), we’re bringing the best together. Our company was created with the affiliation of Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye Center, Southwestern Eye Center, and the M&M Eye Institute. Today we’re one of the nation’s largest and most comprehensive ophthalmology practices with more than 45 eye care centers in Arizona and New Mexico - including 24 ambulatory surgical centers. At AVP we are committed to best in class patient care, being a pioneer in research and technology and most importantly, rewarding and recognizing our employees!

Business Development Analyst (M&A)
American Vision Partners- Tempe

As aBusiness Development Analyst, you’ll be responsible for the preliminary analysis of industry prospects by gathering information about market growth, competitors, and market share possibilities. They will also assist in the full life cycle management of all acquisition transactions, including: assistance in the development of transaction strategy, analysis of potential acquisitions, creation and presentation of potential deals, and due diligence through the close of the process. Additionally, this role will play a large role in the financial integration of acquired companies.

Responsibilities:
Perform financial due diligence on M&A targets; inputs critical to verifying initial valuation expectations
Build operational financial models for acquisition targets; and perform financial analysis/develop KPIs
Serve as a“thought-partner” to members of executive management in the due diligence process
Act as“bridge” between business development and corporate finance
Assist with acquisition integration, as necessary
Assist with presentations to investment committee of the board of directors
Qualifications:
2-5 years of transaction/corporate development experience
BS/BA in Finance, Business, or related field required. Advance degree a plus
Exceptional finance and analytical skills
Excellent MS Excel skills
Comprehensive understanding of valuation methodologies
Ability to handle multiple, complex and competing priorities and projects, with a strong attention to detail
Ability to work independently and make appropriate, independent decisions in a timely manner
Ability to create, implement and manage action plans with very tight timelines
Strong people/communication skills
Strong presentation skills
Ability to build quick rapport/trust of senior management
Must possess strong initiative and take ultimate ownership of work
Able to travel as needed
Benefits& Perks:

Your health, happiness and your future matters! At AVP, we offer everything from medical and dental to significant eye care discounts, continuing education, 401(k), 9 paid holidays plus PTO, flexible work hours and much more!

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#GD
