Job Description
Job Title Business Data Steward

Location Tempe, Arizona

Duration 2020-08-03 to 2020-12-31

Description:

The Business Data Steward is responsible for overseeing the life cycle of a set of business data elements.

Specifically, they are responsible for defining and implementing policies and procedures for the day-to-day operational and administrative management of systems and data.

The Business Data Stewards is ultimately responsible for establishing data-quality metrics and requirements, including defining the values, ranges, and parameters that are acceptable for each data element.

They also work with the business and technology teams to establish procedures for detection and correction of data-quality issues and collaborate to establish policies, procedures, and internal controls affecting the quality of data.

Primary Responsibilities:
Responsible for defining key data elements (KDE's) and identifying data assets within their own data domains.
Responsible for data quality and data accuracy across a set of business data elements.
Responsible for contributing to the development and maintenance of a business data dictionary that is aligned to physical data assets and the business glossary for the definition and maintenance of a group's data landscape including end-to-end data flows/transformations and data lineage.
Partners with the data governance team to ensure solutions adhere to the organization's data principles and guidelines.
Owns group's data assets including reports, data warehouse, etc.
Responsible for solving data related issues and communicating resolutions with other solution domains.
Qualifications:
Knowledge of basic data management principles and concepts
Knowledge of how to create data standards, determine business data requirements, and business rules.
Ability to work collaboratively with analysts, architects, modelers, business and technical teams
Proficiency in SQL for generating quality assessments and insight generation
Excellent communication skills with both business and technical audiences
Subject matter knowledge of bank operations and/or financial services
Ability to leverage multiple tools to create and maintain necessary data stewardship outputs
3+ years of experience fulfilling the role of a Data Steward
Experience working within a data or reporting team as an analyst, modeler or data steward
Experience creating and using data models and data definitions
Experience implementing and enforcing data access control mechanisms.
Experience with improving data quality and resolving data deficiencies.
Experience with data lifecycle management.
Expertise in relationship building with different roles and level in the organization.
Bachelor's degree in business or technology; master's preferred
