Overview


Barrow Neurological Institute at Dignity Health St. Joseph's Hospital and Medical Center, located in the heart of Phoenix, Ariz., is an international leader in the treatment, research, and education of brain and spinal diseases, conditions, and injuries. Barrow consistently ranks as a top center for neurology and neurosurgery in the U.S. News & World Report rankings of best hospitals. It also is the only hospital in the nation that is triple certified by the Joint Commission in Traumatic Brain Injury, Spinal Cord Injury, and Stroke. The Institute performs more neurosurgical procedures annually than any other facility in the United States. Barrow is home to a Level 1 trauma center, CARF-accredited neuro-rehabilitation programs, and more certified neuroscience registered nurses (CNRN) than any other hospital in the world. A decades-long destination for neuroscience education, Barrow is ranked second in the nation for reputation by Doximity for its neurosurgical residency program. For more information please visit our website at: https://www.barrowneuro.org.

Responsibilities


Responsibilities:

Provides photography, videography, and editing services for clinical, education, research, and academic activities at Barrow Neurological Institute.

Core Responsibilities:
Participate and contribute creative ideas in production meetings with customers and teammates.
Support all aspects of complex perioperative projects requiring photography and videography services.
Ability to function as a one-person team or assist as a team member on other projects.
Work directly with the customer in a professional manner.
Must thrive in a fast-paced environment, and be creative with both still photography and videography.
Provides photography and videography services to both the operative and non-operative environments.
Must be open to supporting and/or partnering with members of the perioperative team to support customer needs.
May assist in supporting multiple perioperative technologies as necessary to support the customer’s videography and photography needs.
Ensure a high level of consistent technical quality and aesthetics for all footage.
Attention to detail (check proper white balance, notice a smudge on the product being filmed, notice unintended reflections, etc.).
Ensure all relevant B-roll and required amount of shots are captured for each shoot.
Must be able to adjust and adapt filming style to suit continuously changing environments.
Must be flexible and be able to troubleshoot and make on-the-fly decisions during shooting.
Must exhibit flexibility under pressure and demonstrate ability to produce results.
Must be able to provide high-quality digital editing of both photography and videography media.
Must be able to deliver post-production content to the customer in a timely manner.
Ensure appropriate cataloging and storage of all media assets.
Qualifications


Requirements:

Requires 4-7 years of experience in IT working on Ambulatory, Clinical, or Audio/Visual applications.

3-5 year worrking in a healthcare/medical environment.

Associates degree or technical institute degree/certificate or equivalent work experience.
