Title: Inside Sales Representative - Saama Analytics

Location: Western or Midwest Region, United States (1 position)

Saama Analytics is looking for a highly motivated and talented Inside Sales Representative to play a fundamental role in new customer acquisition and resulting revenue growth. The ideal candidate must be comfortable making numerous phone calls per day, working with Saama Analytics' lead generation team and solution partners, and generating interest with prospects.

Position Responsibilities:
For several solution areas of Saama Analytics, independently research targeted accounts, and propose a plan to solution partners/principals to identify appropriate contacts and generate a funnel of leads from those contacts.
Using a standard process, identify industry networks used by target companies, harvest those networks to find the candidate companies, and the contacts within those companies to be qualified.
Identify customer pain points and requirements through communication with prospects and understanding of their business goals and priorities.
Qualify prospects to ensure a good fit between their requirements and Saama Analytics' solutions.
Source new sales opportunities by supporting email campaigns executed by the Lead Generation team and through inbound lead follow-up and outbound phone calls and targeted emails.
Facilitate the setting of meetings of qualified sales opportunities with appropriate solution partners or principals for further development and closure.
Help to create effective email templates that can be used by Saama Analytics' Lead Gen team to execute promotional campaigns.
Minimum Requirements for Position:
At least 3 years' experience in Inside Sales of software and/or analytics services. Demonstrated track record of over-achieving sales activity goals.
Knowledge of Data Warehouse, Cloud, Digital transformation would be a plus.
Strong phone presence (including listening skills) and experience making numerous phone calls per day to reach targeted contacts.
Excellent communication skills both verbal and written.
Experience coordinating meetings, discussions, and recording outcomes of pending actions
Solid organizational skills managing prospect feedback and follow-up with internal and external sources.
Ability to multitask, prioritize, and manage time effectively.
Experience working on CPG, Hitech or Insurance domain is preferred
Proficiency required in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) and various web-based productivity tools like Zoom or Google applications. Experience with Salesforce.com is a plus.
Bachelor's degree is desired
U.S. Citizenship is desired.
Travel: Required on a need-basis (Less than 5%)

Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment, including but not limited to, computers, phones, and photocopiers.

Physical Demands

This position requires the frequent and repetitive use of a computer, keyboard, and mouse. Hand and finger dexterity is required.

Other Duties

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

EEO

Saama Technologies, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.

#LI-RAJ
