Hii All,' Pls Find the JD fOR THE BELOW Profile Product manager Sr.Business Analyst Finance ( Preferrably Banking Sector ) Locations San Jose,CA ,Scottsdale,AZ Global Finance Product (GFP) is responsible for designing, developing, and managing the integration of global products that enable the movement of funds through the PayPal financial systems. This GFP Finance Product Manager role will focus on integration projects across various PayPal products including Credit Card and Bank Integrations. Responsibilities bull Work collaboratively with cross-functional teams including product management, finance, engineering, regional business units, and partners to define the reconciliation and financial requirements for issuing and tokenization products. bull Work with portfolio product managers and partners to understand settlement, clearing, and reconciliation specifications to define the financial accounting and reconciliation capabilities in PayPal payments platform. bull Work with treasury, accounting, tax, analytics, and other finance subject matter experts to define business processes and rules to automate finance operational processes. bull Manage entire product development lifecycle including discovery, prioritization, design, development, user acceptance testing, pilot testing, and product launch. bull Effectively collaborate and communicate product roadmap, project status, and issues to executive management and various stakeholders. Desired Skills and Experience bull 8 - 10 years of relevant product management experience including experience in payments, banking, credit union, or other financial systems, preferably knowledgeable with accounting and systems integration of such systems. bull Experience in card issuance andor acquiring at a bank, network, processor or consultancy with focus on settlement, clearing, and reconciliation processes is a plus. bull Understanding of basic accounting and financial reconciliation including comfort with multi-currency environment is a strong plus. bull Strong system and data flow knowledge. Ability to learn and adapt to new product flows and software technologies. bull Energetic, creative and able to deliver innovative solutions bull Must handle multiple priorities with a strong attention to detail and should possess strong analytic and problem solving skills. bull Strong work ethic, including the ability to work independently, but also knows how to have fun while doing it! bull BSBA or higher degree, preferably in computer science or engineering. MBA desired. Job Descriptions for Product ManagerBusiness Analyst, Scottsdale, Arizona, USA - 50hour PayPal is seeking a seasoned Product Manager with experience in Payments and Finance domains to join its Finance Analytics Data Services (FADS) organization in Scottsdale, AZ as the International Finance Product Manager within the Global Finance Product (GFP) team. The Finance Product Manager will work closely with Product Managers, Business Units, Risk, Compliance, Operations, Finance, Tax, Legal, and Treasury to gather requirements and design solutions to meet Finance needs. Job Description Global Finance Product (GFP) is responsible for designing, developing, and managing integration of global products that enable the movement of funds through the PayPal financial systems. This specific role will focus on majorly Bank and Credit Card product Integration as well as should have ability to learn and adapt to new product flows, flexible to take up other related product as necessary for enablement of Finance infrastructure as part of PayPalrsquos launch in new countries. The scope of responsibilities will include Product feature analysis, planning, and execution through the entire product lifecycle. This would include gathering and prioritizing product requirements, requirement analysis, working with development teams as product owner to lead implementation using agile methodology, and working closely with all the stakeholders to make sure all their business requirements are met. Effectively collaborate and communicate product road map, project status, and issues to accounting operations, executive management, and other stakeholders as necessary. Be the liaison between Finance, Product and Business Units and be the primary representative of Finance Technology and Product in the region. Building and integrating new products in the regions as well as enablement of Finance infrastructure as part of PayPal launch in new countries Occasional travel may be required (estimate at less than 10) Basic Qualifications BSBA or higher degree 6-8 years of relevant product management or finance experience including experience in payments, banking, credit union, or other financial systems, preferably knowledgeable with accounting and systems integration of such systems. Business or systems analyst experience in order to demonstrate the ability to perform data analysis and research within data files and other data sources. Strong business acumen and ability to work through complex and ambiguous business requirements from finance, tax, treasury, legal, compliance, and regulatory perspective. Understanding of basic accounting and financial reconciliation including comfort with multi-currency environment is a strong plus. Strong system and data flow knowledge. Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies. Experience with top tier ERP systems andor previous SAP experience a strong plus. Strong communication skills - including ability to listen to the needs of others and comprehend complex matters, articulate issues in a clear and concise manner, and present effectively in both oral and written presentations to all levels in the organization. Team-oriented approach ndash can effectively lead a project or participate as an effective team member as well as work cross-functionally with other organizations. Willingness and ability to work independently, think creatively, and ability to pivot depending on changing priorities and deadlines Affinity for a high-performance, fast paced and project-oriented work environmentThanks Regards,Chandi KumarUS-IT Recruiter, Info Way Solutions LLC Fremont, CAConnections 925.271.9083 650.644.3713 chandikumarinfowaygroup.com mailtochandikumarinfowaygroup.com Skype cid.61d8016473cb78b3 linkedin.cominchandi-kumar-raghu-056333196 httpswww.linkedin.cominchandi-kumar-raghu-056333196?
