Description:

The HR business partner (HRBP) position is responsible for aligning business objectives with employees and management in designated geographical region. The position serves as a consultant to management on human resource-related issues. The successful HRBP acts as an employee champion and change agent. The role assesses and anticipates HR-related needs. Communicating needs proactively with our HR department and business management, the HRBP seeks to develop integrated solutions. The position formulates partnerships across the HR function to deliver value-added service to management and employees that reflects the business objectives of the organization. The HRBP maintains an effective level of business literacy about the business unit, its plans, its culture and its competition.

Essential Functions

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Conducts weekly meetings with respective business units.
Consults with center management, providing HR guidance when appropriate.
Analyzes trends and metrics in partnership with the HR group to develop solutions, programs and policies.
Manages and resolves complex employee relations issues. Conducts effective, thorough and objective investigations.
Maintains in-depth knowledge of legal requirements related to day-to-day management of employees, reducing legal risks and ensuring regulatory compliance.
Provides day-to-day performance management guidance to center management (e.g.,coaching, counseling, career development, disciplinary actions).
Works closely with management and employees to improve work relationships, build morale, and increase productivity and retention.
Provides HR policy guidance and interpretation.
Develops offer terms for new hires, promotions and transfers.
Assists with guidance and input on business unit restructures, workforce planning and succession planning
Identifies training needs for business units in designated region
Participates in evaluation and monitoring of training programs to ensure success.
Follows up to ensure training objectives are met.
Ensures compliance with all federal, state, local employment laws.
Partners and reports to HR Manager.
Works closely with the Regional Operations Manager and Regional Board Certified Behavior Analyst to make sure business objectives and clinical operations align with people strategy.
Competencies
Business Acumen.
Communication
Consultation
Ethical Practice
Global & Cultural Awareness
HR Expertise
Relationship Management
.

Requirements:
Bachelor's degree, preferably in human resource management or related field or equivalent level of experience, training and education.
2 to 5 years of prior experience resolving employee relations issues.
Preferred Education and Experience
SHRM Certified Professional (SHRM-CP) or SHRM Senior Certified Professional (SHRM-SCP) credential or ability to obtain certification.
Supervisory Responsibility

This position has no direct supervisory responsibilities but does serve as a coach and mentor for other positions in the region.

Work Environment

This job operates in a professional office and center environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as laptop computers and smartphones. While in centers the environment is playful and interruptive due to our pediatric client base.

Physical Demands

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk or hear. This is largely a sedentary role; however, some filing is required. This would require the ability to lift files, open filing cabinets and bend or stand on a stool as necessary.

Position Type/Expected Hours of Work

This is a full-time position. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5 p.m. This position regularly requires long hours and occasional weekend work as job duties demand.

Travel

Ability to travel throughout assigned region up to 75% of the time, although some out-of-region travel may be expected.

Other Duties
Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Disclaimer

The above statements reflect general functions of this job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all work requirements inherent in this job. The immediate supervisor may elaborate on or add to the above list if the duties come within the employee's realm of responsibility.

Hopebridge is an Equal Opportunity Employer that does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, creed, color, religion, alienage or national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, age, disability or handicap, sex, marital status, veteran status, sexual orientation, arrest record or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

PI121170751
