Job Details
Level
Experienced
Job Location
Acumen Mesa, AZ - Mesa, AZ
Position Type
Full Time
Education Level
High School
Salary Range
$70,000.00 - $100,000.00 Salary/year
Travel Percentage
Up to 25%
Job Shift
Days
Job Category
Information Technology
Description
Acumen, LLC. is one of the nation's leading fiscal agents offering a portfolio of innovative financial management services backed by superior customer service. Our passion is to help people lead independent lives through exceptional participant-directed programs.

Acumen is a great place to work. Our employees make a positive difference in our clients lives by what they do. Among many benefits to working here, we offer medical, dental and vision coverage, generous paid time off, and incentive bonuses to those who qualify.

Acumen is looking for an experienced systems analyst who has experience in all phases of system analysis, design, testing and implementation.

Essential Job Functions:
Software/application analysis, design, documentation and testing
Contribute to or author technical documentation including functional requirements specifications, use cases, test cases and plans, etc
Lead and/or participate in technical design discussions
Qualifications
KEY TECHNOLOGIES AND SKILLS:

*Technical Specification Writing

*Process modeling/workflow and associated tools

*SDLC

*JIRA

*SQL

*ServiceNow

*Microsoft Azure

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

*3 - 5 years experience in system analysis/design

*Bachelors Degree in CIS or similar technology related field

*Experience working with users defining problems and solutions

*Ability to analyze and solve problems as well as document solutions

*Ability to communicate effectively, coordinate multiple duties simultaneously

Acumen is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer. We embrace diversity in all its form. We provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.
