The Business Systems Analyst I is responsible for working with Client Services, and Technical Delivery(TD) staff to discover and understand business needs and translate them into system requirements. The Business Systems Analyst I is responsible for drafting all required SDLC and validation documents and facilitating the review and approval of all documents. The Business Analyst I may assist with the development and documentation of processes and procedures.

Assist Business Systems Analyst II and Business Systems Analyst III with multiple tasks related to documentation, development and testing, and system launch.
Participate in requirements definition sessions with stakeholders to capture business requirements.
Understand the functional business process across the entire organization.
Follows defined validation processes and produces validated documents for all initiatives.
Utilize all available tools and information sources to elicit requirements, including interviews/meetings, document analysis, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, and workflow analysis.
Drafts all required SDLC and validation documents.
May be responsible for application configuration.
Assist in the writing of the test plans, cases & scripts as required.
May review test plans, test cases, and test scripts against requirements documentation to ensure full requirements-testing traceability.
Facilitates and manages the review and approval of test results, and all SDLC and validation documents.
Update requirements as needed throughout the software development lifecycle.
Works closely with project management and software developers to formulate the high level technical solution.
Identifies, coordinates and implements process improvement initiatives.
Other project work and responsibilities as required.

Education
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent years of experience.
Experience
1-3 years experience functioning as IT Business Analyst or similar role.
Competencies & Personal Attributes
Ability to communicate verbally and in writing clearly and succinctly, complex project plans, design and technical issues, as well as business and product requirements.
Industry experience is a MUST
Working knowledge of a System/Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Demonstrated experience coordinating or supporting complex and/or software development projects is highly desirable.
Ability to work collaboratively and take direction from multiple inputs.
Ability to manage and meet multiple deadlines and respond to multiple requests for support.
Communicates effectively with both internal and external teams. Delivers information effectively and timely. Uses interpersonal skills to build and develop relationships with internal and external team members.
Must have excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with proven ability to comprehend business requirements.
Proven ability to successfully handle multiple competing priorities and deliver on-time project results with little direct supervision.
Must have very strong skills with Microsoft Office application to include the following: Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
Familiarity with cost benefit analysis is a plus.
Familiarity with GCP and 21 CFR Part 11 is a plus
Familiarity with SQL Queries is a plus.
#LI-CB1
