Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented IT Systems Analyst Senior to work in our Phoenix Office.
IT Systems Analysts are responsible for leading, managing, and facilitating activities pertaining to the development and completion of system deliverables. System deliverables include validating artifacts, developing system requirements, and assisting with translation into functional system specifications. Incumbents work with business and IT delivery teams in order to understand the business vision and collaborate with IT delivery teams to enrich understanding by thorough deliverables development and reviews. IT Systems Analysts research and help resolve defects and production issues with business and technical teams and assist with defining and creating test case scenarios. In addition, responsibilities include participation in the sign-off of key deliverables and the storage of critical artifacts, as well as accountability for managing systems requirements and artifacts to IT team members.
Job Requirements


ABOUT USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level. In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

ABOUT USAA IT

Our most important qualification isn't technical, it's human. Here, we don't just sit in front of a screen. We stand behind our 12 million members who rely on us every day.

We are over 5,000 employees strong, a passionately supportive and collaborative team built on agile principles. We've been a top-two Computerworld 100 Best Places to Work in IT five years in a row and were recently named a Top 50 Employer for Minority Engineers & IT by Workforce Diversity Magazine.

See what it's like to work for a company where your passion meets our purpose:

USAA Information Technology: A Realistic Preview
Understands and applies advanced knowledge of the business and technical domains supported to include its products, processes and services.
Serves as a business proxy/SME on business topics within one or more domain.
Serves as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external) and the software development team through which requirements flow.
Facilitates/oversees the analysis and design of technology solutions to ensure business needs are met.
Employs creativity, ingenuity, and innovation in the search for technology solutions designed to support analyses and business need.
Effectively leads the elicitation and documentation of system requirements and solutions into work products.
Proactively communicates and collaborates with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and requirements to deliver system artifacts as needed.
For example: Functional/system requirements, use cases, GUI specifications and Business Rules.
Effectively serves and business and technical SME on PLN efforts, research and other pre project topics.
Analyzes and verifies requirements for completeness, consistency, comprehensibility, feasibility, and conformity to standards.
Manages and ensures traceability of approved and base lined work products through the software development lifecycle to include application specifications, design, development, usability, testing, implementation, and defect prioritization.
Provides guidance on Test Scenarios and reviews Test Cases and ensures coverage of testable requirements.
Collaborates with Test Leads and subject matter experts to establish the Testing Approach including usability and performance needs.
Provides certification and actively participates in defect management activities to confirm requirements are being met.
Manages change control for affected system artifacts.
Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree required.
4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
6 or more years of relevant work experience to include business and/or project management, business/system requirements, and technical analysis.
Advanced knowledge of multiple software delivery life cycles (Waterfall and Agile).
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office products and applicable databases.
Advanced understanding of system architecture and knowledge of software development concepts.
Experience or Advanced knowledge of modeling techniques (e.g., UML) and usecase development as well as experience with one or more software development frameworks.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred
ITIL Foundation, Practitioner or Expert certification preferred.
Experience with ServiceNow.
Experience with Event and Incident Management.
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is not available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 6/24/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
