About us
Nasdaq (Nasdaq:NDAQ) is a leading global provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, listing, information and public company services. Through its diverse portfolio of solutions, Nasdaq enables customers to plan, optimize and execute their business vision with confidence, using proven technologies that provide transparency and insight for navigating today's global capital markets. As the creator of the world's first electronic stock market, its technology powers more than 100 marketplaces in 50 countries, and 1 in 10 of the world's securities transactions. Nasdaq is home to approximately 4,000 total listings with a market value of approximately $15 trillion. To learn more, visit: http://www.nasdaq.com

Manages on going contractual relationships and the operational delivery of services to clients for an account or group of accounts.

Job Description

Global Technology is responsible for developing World Class leading technology to support our Markets, Market Makers not only in the US but across the Globe. Within our greater technology organization, we are committed to excellence in every aspect of software development from Capability Conception to Project Execution. There are many technical teams – spread across the Globe with a mind to usher in innovative technology to meet Nasdaq’s constantly growing needs and opportunities.

As a business analyst within the Index and Reference data team, you will be responsible for helping to define the technical requirements for index calculation and analytics services. This requires a background and training in financial and economic metrics with a strong technical foundation and solid written and verbal communications skills. The role will operate as part of the development team and interface with subject matter experts to insure clear requirements definition and communications between the business and technology.

Your role and responsibilities
Work with project managers, systems developers, and designers during the requirements and software development process to define and refine deliverables in line with business objectives
Utilize a technology and finance background to facilitate conversations on financial analytics and index generation
Familiarity with infrastructure and services in one or more cloud environments such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud a plus
Experience in requirements definition and writing required
Appreciation for systems and application architecture to the degree needed to facilitate conversations and requirements between the business and technology teams
Experience working in Agile and DevOps work environments
Financial Industry experience preferred.
Strong work ethic in a mission-critical 24x7 diverse environment with multiple vendor/customer relationships.
You will need the following skills and experience
Degree in technology or financial (economics, finance) disciplines
4-6 years experience working as a business analyst or product manager in the financial information or metrics space
Strong organizational skills, ability to structure and plan projects and deliverables
Owner mentality - ownership of outcomes and deliverables.
Strong analytical, problem solving and decision making skills.
Ability to identify and manage conflict effectively.
Strong skills in both verbal and written communication.
Ability to function effectively as a member of a team, strong collaboration skills
Nasdaq is an equal opportunity employer. We positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates regardless of age, color, disability, national origin, ancestry, race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, veteran status, genetic information or any other status protected by applicable law.
