Company Details

Berkley Technology Services (BTS) is a dynamic company committed to providing world class IT services. We offer a unique culture, enabling our team members to be on the cutting edge of technology while delivering high quality solutions. We are looking for outstanding individuals who will bring unique perspectives, insight and innovation to our teams. BTS, a member company of W. R. Berkley Corporation, has facilities located in Des Moines, Iowa and Wilmington, Delaware. Our functions include working with various third parties to develop, integrate, and support insurance systems of WRBC's operating units. BTS strives to provide these functions in a holistic manner including helpdesk support, system connectivity, and operational support. Additional responsibilities include coordinating communications regarding best practices in the use of our supported systems and researching new technology. At BTS, there are opportunities associated with being a part of an established and empowering corporation while maintaining a positive personal working environment. Additionally, we provide a competitive compensation and benefits package including a casual dress code. BTS is constantly growing and expanding to meet the changing demands of one of the most successful insurance organizations in the world. Visit us at berkley-bts.com to learn more information.

Responsibilities

This position will work and consult with various teams and key business stakeholders to gather business requirements to bridge the needs of the business with the use of a web-based claim application. This includes determining client and organizational needs, system and operational requirements, downstream system impacts and legal compliance obligations.

Key Accountabilities:
Works with end users and internal staff to develop and translate business requirements for project deliverables Guidewire Suite
Answers developer and end user questions through the development life cycle
Completes functional testing on assigned projects and defects
Establish and maintain positive customer relationships to manage priority and expectations of their overall issues and deliverables
Clarifies and escalates issue gaps through the change control process
Provides end-user training, product presentations and feature demo's
Suggests improvements in processes used for requirements gathering, design specifications, and software implementations
Assume responsibility for identifying, documenting and maintaining functional requirements and perform testing activities within the construct of Agile development methodology
Manage project scope definition and drive requirements gathering by conducting meetings and teleconferences with key stakeholders.
Provide recommendations to improve the business processes/workflows through system efficiencies
Creates and maintains System Documentation such as upgrade guides and other release documentation
Manage post implementation business requirements for maintenance and enhancement requests
Willingness to travel - 10%
Qualifications

Minimum Qualifications (Education/Experience/Certification/Skills):
3-7 years Business Analyst/P&C/functional experience
3-7 years Business Analyst/WC/functional experience (strongly preferred)
An understanding of data modeling and analysis
Must have demonstrated the capability of meeting the key accountabilities, or have the ability to learn/perform them
Software Development Life Cycle experience
Bachelor's degree with emphasis in related field or equivalent experience
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written
Agile methodology preferred
Guidewire Insurance Suite (Policy, Claims or BillingCenter)
Working Conditions and Physical Requirements Application Systems/Administrative Roles (The conditions described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job, with or without accommodations):
Ability to sit at a desk and work on a computer for extended periods of time
May occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.
Vision abilities required by this job include close vision and ability to adjust focus.

Responsibilities This position will work and consult with various teams and key business stakeholders to gather business requirements to bridge the needs of the business with the use of a web-based claim application. This includes determining client and organizational needs, system and operational requirements, downstream system impacts and legal compliance obligations. Key Accountabilities: - Works with end users and internal staff to develop and translate business requirements for project deliverables Guidewire Suite - Answers developer and end user questions through the development life cycle - Completes functional testing on assigned projects and defects - Establish and maintain positive customer relationships to manage priority and expectations of their overall issues and deliverables - Clarifies and escalates issue gaps through the change control process - Provides end-user training, product presentations and feature demo's - Suggests improvements in processes used for requirements gathering, design specifications, and software implementations - Assume responsibility for identifying, documenting and maintaining functional requirements and perform testing activities within the construct of Agile development methodology - Manage project scope definition and drive requirements gathering by conducting meetings and teleconferences with key stakeholders. - Provide recommendations to improve the business processes/workflows through system efficiencies - Creates and maintains System Documentation such as upgrade guides and other release documentation - Manage post implementation business requirements for maintenance and enhancement requests - Willingness to travel - 10%
