CapB is a global leader on IT Solutions and Managed Services. Our R&D is focused on providing cutting edge products and solutions across Digital Transformations from Cloud, AI/ML, IOT, Blockchain to MDM/PIM, Supply chain, ERP, CRM, HRMS and Integration solutions. For our growing needs we need consultants who can work with us on salaried or contract basis. We provide industry standard benefits, and an environment for LEARNING & Growth.

For one of our going on project we are looking for a Business Analyst - Data Warehouse/Data Marts. The position is based out of PA.

Candidate must be local to Philadelphia or agree to move to Philly once offer is made.

Location is Philadelphia, PA (no travel, no work from home option once client opens after COVID19 situation).

Payer experience will be highly preferred.

Payer experience will be highly preferred.

The Business Systems Analyst role on the BTS - Data Warehouse team requires experience in creating Business Requirement Documents, Functional Requirement Documents and Mapping documents for the development of ETL applications. This role requires extensive SQL experience in writing complex queries across multiple tables, data analysis and profiling skills for the creation of the mapping documents and further discussion with data modelers for the necessary table designs.

The ideal candidate should have all the above skills at expert level along with strong verbal and written communication skills to work with various stakeholders, gather and formulate business requirements and translate the same to the technical team.

Candidate with prior healthcare and data warehousing experience are preferred. The Business Systems Analyst role will also be required to support testing and production releases. This may include weekend and off hours support. Candidate must be local and available for a face-face interview.

Description:
Extensive experience in multiple and diverse environments and applications. Knowledge and experience in all major functions, issues, and considerations of the subject matter. Resource has played a leadership role in establishing standards, policies strategy and best practice. Ability to discuss industry and marketplace trends and directions and site relevant case studies. Resource has had an influence on wide or high-impact decisions and initiatives and has a theoretical background and understanding of the subject matter. Capable of managing diverse and complex suite of projects simultaneously. Experience managing cross-functional projects/project teams.
