Title
Business Analyst

29-Jun-2020

Job Description
Job Description
We’re adding to our diverse team of experts and are looking to hire those who are committed to building a culture that enables the creation of innovative solutions for our business units and clients.

The Insurance Operations
Munich Re US has launched a new insurance operations described as Munich Re Specialty Insurance (MRSI) that unites the strengths and expertise of Munich Re’s specialty commercial teams in North America. This allows for the development of an overarching sales strategy through which the specialty risk appetite and product offerings can be profitably optimized and expanded.

As a member of Munich Re's US operations, we offer the financial strength and stability that comes with being part of the world's preeminent insurance and reinsurance brand. Our risk experts work together to assemble the right mix of products and services to help our clients stay competitive – from traditional reinsurance coverages, to niche and specialty reinsurance and insurance products.

The Opportunity
Future focused and always one step ahead

The Business Analyst is a self-starting role that will support a portfolio of change management initiatives across the various business units within the organization. As the link between business functions and IT, these individuals will be accountable for evaluating and understanding existing processes to provide solutions that ensure realization of business value.

In this position you will:
Manage business partner expectations by leading the analysis of business and IT requirements across the organization's value chain.
Evaluate information and data gathered from multiple sources, identify impacts and decompose high-level information into details.
Facilitate business model design sessions with SMEs and document existing and future procedures, systems, and workflows.
Work with product owners to drive the alignment, assessment, and prioritization of identified demands within the respective business change.
Collaborate with Product Owner to define and manage project scope, anticipating issues while proactively recommending solutions.
Work with business and technical partners to design digital flow for application implementations.
Document business requirements / user stories and support population and curation of the platform backlog.
Prepare release notes, help test functionality including development of test cases for UAT and business training.
Support business platform questions and issues as well as raise system bugs and work with technical teams to resolve.
Requisition Number
3935BR

Qualifications
Qualifications:
Successful candidates will possess the following experience/skills/capabilities:
Bachelor's degree
5+ years experience in Business Process and IT Systems Analysis including requirements definition
Strong attention to detail with the ability to provide data-driven recommendations
Able to manage their time successfully to deliver the desired outcome without heavy oversight
Excellent written & oral communication, presentation, and stakeholder management skills
Experience in meeting operational deadlines in a fast-paced environment and capable of working independently or in teams
Knowledge of insurance policy administration, policy lifecycles, and workflows a plus
Experience writing user stories and working within an agile operating model
Expertise in a variety of Business Analyst methodologies, tools, and techniques.
State
Pennsylvania

Employment Type
Full Time

City
Philadelphia

Company Name
Munich Re America

Country
United States of America
