Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

Under the direction of the VP, Chief Analytics Officer this position will oversee the Business Analysis and Project Management functions within Enterprise Analytics.

This role will lead the Project Management team responsible for managing the entire Project portfolio and development cycles for several projects of Enterprise Analytics. This includes monitoring and overseeing project deadlines, assigning resources/responsibilities, capacity planning, load management, and monitoring and summarizing progress of projects.

This role will also lead the Business Analysis team, responsible for producing the analytical requirements and testing of Business Intelligence (BI) systems that integrate with databases, data warehouses, data marts and data lake. The primary focus of the Business Analysis team is blueprinting, gathering requirements, designing, executing and maintaining BI solutions to Business owners.

Responsibilities:
Directs cross-functional teams of associates and 3rd party vendor partners through complex project initiatives.
Oversees the process and approves the presentation of reports for business stake holders and upper management regarding status of projects and keep them abreast of any challenges.
Streamline the tracking progress, status, project costs, and scheduled completions of all projects within the portfolio.
Evaluate time availability and skill competency of assigned resources to ensure that all project objectives are met in a timely fashion; escalates issues and appropriate decisions to the Business Sponsor and Steering Group as necessary.
Contributes to and implements best practices and project management policies and guidelines.
Prepares Business Case and Return on Investment (ROI) to show impact to the business for various projects.
Owns development of resource management and project financial materials.
Overseeing solutions/framework for provisioning data for consumption for self-service by business users who create BI applications, as well as supporting any types of adhoc reporting / analytic requests.
Lead and oversee the business, analytic and development teams to gather and document BI system business requirements utilized in the design of reporting and analytic solutions to create visualizations and reports for requested projects using BI toolsets.
Serve as thought leader for technical business processes, developing forward-thinking prototypes that promote increased efficiency and productivity on multiple levels.
Education/ Experience:
Bachelors Degree or equivalent hands-on experience (healthcare preferred). Degree preferred in Programming, Data Structures and Algorithms, Information Design or Mathematics.
Required PMP (Project Management Professional) or another project management-related certification.
Six Sigma certification optional.
8-10 years experience in BI analysis and development with experience in Healthcare and project management experience including Agile Methods.
Other Skills:
Superior technical skills in Excel, PowerPoint, Tableau, Visio, Microsoft Project with the ability to learn other analytic tools.
Ability to inspire, energize, develop, and build rapport at all levels within an organization.
Willingness to travel with occasional overnight stays depending on business needs.
Expert knowledge of healthcare industry and marketplace trends, specifically related to managed Medicare, managed Medicaid, dual eligible members and insurance products.
Superior organizational, close attention to detail and written/oral communication skills; especially for business requirements, queries, reports and presentations.
Advanced analytical and quantitative skills with experience collecting, organizing, mining, analyzing, visualizing and disseminating abundant information with the utmost accuracy and presentation.
Experience in conducting and documenting QA testing using problem solving techniques for analytic and reporting solutions.

Back
Share
Apply Now
