An excellent opportunity to work with our Direct Client for their new project. Very competitive hourly compensation provided. Looking for only local consultants. You can contact Harry at 773-253-4699 and email me on Harry.gapideltech.com mailtoHarryapideltech.com This role will be remote till the COVID-19 restrictions are applicable, post that this will be a 100 onsite role with some remote work possibilities on rare occasions. For this role, we are only looking for visa independent consultants who will not require any visa sponsorship at the start of the project or in the future, to be eligible to work on this project. Title Technical Business Analyst Location Philadelphia, PA 19103 Duration 6+ Months Job Description Core Responsibilities Collaborate with architects, technical development leads, solution design leads, UX design leads, product owners and vendor partners to establish business and technical requirements and drive them through successful and on-time delivery of functionalityoptimizations. Collaborate with Solution Design team to write Swagger specifications for REST APIs in YAML, which is a contract between systems describing every detail of the API endpoints and operations for each endpoint, operation parameters input and output for each operation, error codes descriptions authentication methods, etc. Write API payloads in JSON, which is a sample of transmitted data used to illustrate the communication (expected request response) between front end and back end systems. Analyze third party XML API specifications using SOAP UI tool. Create back end user stories in Jira (or appropriate tool in use) that include API Payloads including request and response body, Error codes messages, Implementation details, Acceptance Criteria, Sequence diagrams, End points, Requirements check list. Create front end user stories in Jira (or appropriate tool in use) that include User Interface (UI) Design, Product Requirements, Business Rules, API interactions with UI design, API system integration descriptions, Handling Error codes, Acceptance Criteria, End points, Requirements check list. Groom front end and back end user stories in Jira (or appropriate tool in use), resulting in detail so clear that engineers can develop with ease. As required, capture the test data requirements to support unit and in sprint quality assurance testing, and create test data Jira tickets. Provide end-to-end test plan, identifying functionality that is available for testing based on development sprint schedule. Display expertise in knowledge of Xfinity Mobile functionality, systems architecture and systems integration. Apply this functional and technical expertise as an active participant in scrum ceremonies sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, sprint retrospectives, scrum of scrums. Consistent exercise of independent judgment and discretion in matters of significance Regular, consistent and punctual attendance. Must be able to work nights and weekends, variable schedule(s) as necessary. Strong understanding of Ecommerce platform and ability to provide options to meet business requirements and hurdles based on platforms capabilities Flexibility to handle project scopes changes preferred Other duties and responsibilities as assigned. Skills Define and document system specification artifacts that include, User stories traceability to requirements API interactions documentation with user interface System APIs Digital Workflows Use Cases Data Mapping Definitions Sequence Diagrams Call Flows Work with users to develop acceptance criteria for the systemapplication. Mentor developers on how things work in the business domain. Assume the role of ldquoProduct Ownersrdquo Wear different hats designer, tester, facilitator, product owner, etc Create a shared understanding of what the product is supposed to do. Education Level Bachelorrsquos degree or Equivalent Field of Study Certifications (CBAP, PMP) Years of Experience Generally, requires 5-7 years related experience
