Financial Services, Analyst (Entry Level)
*job details:**
+ location:Wilmington, DE

+ salary:$20 - $25 per hour

+ date posted:Friday, April 3, 2020

+ experience:0 Years

+ job type:Contract

+ industry:Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services

+ reference:484521

+ questions:302.658.6181.
*job description**
Financial Services, Analyst (Entry Level)

job summary:

Great opportunity for candidates with BS/BA's in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or Business seeking roles with large global Financial Services company. Ideal candidate will have 0 to 4 years of Financial Services experience.

Please review the role below and if you are interested in being considered, please send resume directly to tameka.roberts@randstadusa.com and/or call me at 302-658-6241.

location: Wilmington, Delaware

job type: Contract

salary: $20 - 25 per hour

work hours: 8 to 5

education: Bachelor's degree

experience: 0 Years

responsibilities:

Credit Risk Middle Office (CRMO) supports the credit approval and decision making processes for Credit Risk Management (CRM). CRMO is actively involved in the analysis of credit data and risk metrics in addition to identifying trends and issues which may impact the bank's ability to manage credit risk.

The purpose of Credit Risk Middle Office is to establish and maintain a common approach to controls and operational workflows across the risk management infrastructure in support of Corporate Investment Bank. Credit Risk Middle Office provides operational support for Credit Risk Management which includes the following functions:

· Rules Based Funds processing incorporates reviewing client/fund documentation to analyze and make subjective decisions that determine internal risk grade and Net Asset Value Gathering

· Creating, amending and cancelling credit facilities.

· Support Credit Officers with annual credit due diligence and ensure proposed facilities are processed correctly

· Exceptions monitoring from an operational control/data quality perspective

· Investigation and resolution of overlimits, unlinked and ungraded credit exposure

· Reporting to identify issues/patterns and allow for efficient management of large portfolios

qualifications:

· BA/BS in Finance, Accounting, Economics, or Business

· 0-5 years of Financial Services experience. Candidates with only internships experience within Financial Services company encouraged to apply

· MS Excel experience (Pivot Tables and VlookUps)

·

skills: Compliance, Bank Relations, teller, Retail Banking, Banking Operations, Bank Settlement, Bank Investments

Equal Opportunity Employer: Race, Color, Religion, Sex, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, National Origin, Age, Genetic Information, Disability, Protected Veteran Status, or any other legally protected group status.
