Job Title: Business / Requirement Analyst
Location: Philadelphia, PA
Duration: Permanent

Clearance Required:Secret
Roles & Responsibilities:
Responsible for the overall system automation process and provide recommendations identifying the issues from the existing software and its overall life-cycle.
Support and manage configuration items (CIs) and maintain them in CMDB.
Assist Configuration Management Specialist in Configuration Management activities is needed.
Responsible to analyze the existing RTS system design, integration process, tests results, and based on it provide solutions based on user approval.
Assist in administering and maintaining the functional baselines configurations using DSS Portfolio Tools.
Recompile the application using the latest version to ensure the application remains viable and updated for the latest security vulnerabilities.
Perform necessary test of upgraded code to minimize production issues with the new updates.
Provide other relevant tasks as necessary and responsible for submitting the required deliverables.
Required Skills:
Knowledgeable in life-cycle support, including maintenance, administration, and management.
Knowledge in implementing computer systems in a phased approach of requirements analysis and conceptual design, site survey, system design review, critical design review, installation, integration, and testing.
Knowledge in performing requirements analysis for a wide range of users in areas of office automation.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
