Job Description
Business Analyst

Must Have:
Process Modelling experience
Stakeholder management
Strong facilitation skills
Previous Financial Institution experience is required
5+ years business analysis experience
Experience in working with the Agile methodology will be an asset
Experience with Jira/Confluence for Requirements and Testing (in Jira)
Nice to Have
Client Experience
Job Description:
It is our people who make the difference in the dynamic and diversified businesses of Client.
It is the engagement, development and recognition of the accomplishments of our staff that has created an environment where individuals are inspired and able to exceed business objectives.
We're seeking highly experienced individuals to become part of our Business Analysis Center of Excellence team.
We provide leadership and guidance in the development, execution and operationalizing key projects/programs within Strategic Portfolio Delivery, ensuring alignment to client's business strategies.
Key Attributes:
The ideal candidate will be a highly experienced Business Analyst with the knowledge/experience to propose changes that align Business Analysis within an Agile/blended delivery model to the latest industry best practices.
Exceptional communication, influencing and partnership skills are mandatory.
Ability to coach/train/mentor other BA team members in best practices.
Work on highly complex projects or programs with minimal management supervision.
Accountabilities:
Define and document requirements for the shared capabilities keeping goals, strategy and shared capabilities in mind
Ability to remain flexible with multiple/shifting priorities and function under deadlines with minimal supervision
Actively communicate and work effectively with partners (internal and external) to ensure that end-to-end processes, business risks, impacts and constraints are understood and documented
Identifying and escalating any risks/conditions that may impact timeline, cost or alignment with the overall vision.
Prepare and deliver presentations to communicate findings, with recommendations, to senior business representatives.
Superior communication skills, both written and verbal
Excellent relationship management abilities
Customer focused
Good organizational knowledge and ability to understand and articulate inter-process impacts
Superior time management skills
Extremely self-motivated and team-oriented - works well with other team members and keeps all relevant individuals, including management, up to date in a timely manner
Strategic skills such as business diagnosis and assessment, market analysis

Company Description
About Global Technical Talent:
GTT is a 100% owned subsidiary of Chenega Corporation, a Native American Corporation performing on 250+ federal projects and 100+ commercial projects with over 5,800 US employees and 1 Billion in annual Revenue. GTT is a leading national staffing agency focused on IT talent; with clients nationwide and a technology-driven recruiting infrastructure.

WHY GTT:
Flexible work-life Balance, GTT’s exceptional employee driven culture. 1⁄2 day on Friday during summer, few days remote option.
Excellent base salary, One of industries TOP commission structure, three-week vacation.
State of the art Recruiting Infrastructure, AI driven ATS, 9 Million Unique Talent profile, 90+ highly experience Talent advocated.
Parent Company: 5600+ employee organization, over 900m in annual revenues across a variety of industries. Native American Company (8a ANC corporation)/ Minority Owned Benefits:
20 years of referenceable past performance with fortune 500 clients
Our long-term clients include some of national larges companies such as Goldman Sachs, TD Bank, UBS, Thomson Reuters, BOSE, TJX, Partners Healthcare, Fidelity, Amazon/Audible, LYFT, Eversource, PG&E, Abbot and more.
