Position Description:

Summary:

Responsible for monitoring KPIs and gathering necessary information and data to provide analysis for call center needs. Must be able to identify and expedite issues through the proper channels.

Essential Job Functions:
Provide intraday, daily, weekly, and monthly reporting and analysis on KPIs to further illustrate performance.
Analyze & report on key call center metrics to gauge trends and forecast performance.
Identify major incidents as they happen and work with business partners to address and correct them.
Determine the impact of the major incidents.
Identify pain points in the intraday environment and work towards a solution.
Track events that will either hinder or increase KPIs.
Work with leaders to effectively deploy and analyze initiatives.
Create and maintain documentation regarding all analysis and reporting.

Supervisory Responsibilities:

This job has no supervisory responsibilities.

Qualifications:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential function satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Education and/or Experience:
1-3 years’ experience in Analytics, preferably in a fast-paced call center environment.
Bachelor’s degree preferred in analytics, statistics, finance, or any analytical related fields, and/or 2 plus years relevant work experience. Engineer Degrees also considered
Proficiency with Microsoft Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, Word etc.)
Ability and willingness to learn new software applications.
Skills in complex problem solving, judgment, critical thinking and decision making.
Ability to be highly organized with an emphasis on accuracy and timeliness.
Ability to organize information and have attention to detail and accurately follow procedures.
Ability to work alone with minimum supervision and with others in a team environment, occasionally under time pressure and on several tasks at the same time.
Ability to effectively communicate orally and in writing with co-workers, management team, and other departments within the organization.
Ability to QC your own work and be able to work rotating evenings and/or weekends if work demands.

Desired skills but not necessary:
Working knowledge of SAS, SQL, SAP Business Objects or similar relational databases.
Demonstrate analytical skills in data mining, data manipulation, report development and visualization.
Prior Project Management experience
Knowledge of the mortgage industry

#CB

Founded in Mount Laurel, NJ in 1990, Freedom Mortgage has since grown into one of the largest and fastest-growing privately owned full-service residential lenders in the USA. Licensed in all 50 states, Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Freedom Mortgage has over 5000 employees nationwide, proudly servicing $225.6 billion, and is still growing.

Our mission is to foster homeownership in America. Freedom is a leader in VA mortgage lending and is one of the mortgage industry’s largest philanthropic supporters of the USO and military families through its Team Freedom Cares philanthropic arm.

Locations include suburban Philadelphia and Fishers, IN, two regions where we were named Top Workplaces. We also have large operating centers countrywide, including these desirable markets: Beaverton , OR; Boca Raton, FL; Columbia, MD; Jacksonville, FL; Melville, NY; Plano, TX; San Dimas, CA; Tempe, AZ; Troy, MI and Woodbridge, VA.

If you seek a sense of community, top training, opportunity for advancement, a comprehensive benefits package and reward and recognition program, look no further.

Freedom Mortgage Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or their status as a protected veteran or an individual with disabilities. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k). All resumes are held in confidence. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. LENDER NMLS ID:2767

Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
