Position is in support of the U.S. Army CCDC C5ISR Center Sustaining Base Network Assurance Branch (SBNAB). Program objective is to address today's cyber threats by designing and deploying game-changing cyber defense capabilities that allow organizations to defend better, react faster, coordinate rapidly, prioritize efforts, and respond smarter to security events, increased risks, and/or operational directives.
Description: Involved in the analysis of unstructured and semi-structured data, including latent semantic indexing (LSI), entity identification and tagging, complex event processing (CEP), and the application of analysis algorithms on distributed, clustered, and cloud-based high-performance infrastructures. Exercises creativity in applying non-traditional approaches to large-scale analysis of unstructured data in support of high-value use cases visualized through multi-dimensional interfaces. Handle processing and index requests against high-volume collections of data and high-velocity data streams. Has the ability to make discoveries in the world of big data. Requires strong technical and computational skills - engineering, physics, mathematics, coupled with the ability to code design, develop, and deploy sophisticated applications using advanced unstructured and semi-structured data analysis techniques and utilizing high-performance computing environments. Has the ability to utilize advance tools and computational skills to interpret, connect, predict and make discoveries in complex data and deliver recommendations for business and analytic decisions. Experience with software development, either an open-source enterprise software development stack (Java/Linux/Ruby/Python) or a Windows development stack (.NET, C#, C++). Experience with data transport and transformation APIs and technologies such as JSON, XML, XSLT, JDBC, SOAP and REST. Experience with Cloud-based data analysis tools including Hadoop and Mahout, Acumulo, Hive, Impala, Pig, and similar. Experience with visual analytic tools like Microsoft Pivot, Palantir, or Visual Analytics. Experience with open source textual processing such as Lucene, Sphinx, Nutch or Solr. Experience with entity extraction and conceptual search technologies such as LSI, LDA, etc. Experience with machine learning, algorithm analysis, and data clustering. Career level with a complete understanding and wide application of technical principles, theories and concepts. Working under only general direction, provides technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Independently determines and develops approach to solutions. Enterprise experience as a Data Scientist, mining and analyzing data from various sources to drive decision support and improvement of organization strategies. The ability to assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources/attributes and data collection techniques. Working with structured and unstructured data to prepare in-depth analysis, this includes the normalization and canonicalization of data to ensure consistent inputs. Introduce validation and reporting techniques to ensure the veracity of data. Developing custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets and extract additional insights. Providing expertise in exploratory data analysis, pattern discovery and advanced analytical techniques.

1. Bachelor's (or equivalent) with 5 yrs of experience, or a Master's with 3 yrs of experience.
2. Requires active TS/SCI clearance.
3. Requires current Information Assurance IT-III Certification (CASP+ CE, CCNA-Security, CISA, CISSP (or associate), GCED, GCIH) and current Computing Environment certification IAW DoD 8570.01-M.
