Grow with the best. Join a smart, creative, and inspired team that works behind the scenes to support operational excellence. Our functional services teams (FSTs) provide services to 22,000 employees in over 400 locations worldwide. Bringing together individuals with diverse backgrounds, talents, and expertise, our FSTs are vital to making our Company stronger.

Your Opportunity

Reporting to the Director, HR/Payroll Solution Delivery within the Integrated Business Applications (IBA) group of IT Services, this position is responsible for implementing changes to existing functionality in Stantec systems in the Human Resources and Learning Management domains. Overall, the Business Analyst, Oracle HR/HCM is the liaison to the various stakeholders involved in the HR /Learning business process to ensure the underpinning system functionality and flows effectively and efficiently meets the various stakeholder needs, both from a day-to-day support and continuous improvement perspective.

Your Key Responsibilities
Work closely with the business users to capture and refine business decisions and requirements to a sufficient level of detail for system solutions to be developed.
From within IT, work as an integral member of the development team to translate, refine and validate business requirements throughout the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) from design through to testing.
Perform in-depth internal testing of system changes to prepare the system for business user testing.
Engage business users as appropriate to validate and refine requirements and functional solution designs.
Monitor and respond in a timely manner to incidents, process exceptions and service interruptions; Utilize in-depth understanding of the system functionality, flows, dependencies, and known problems, to provide Tier 1 diagnostics and troubleshooting, and escalate to Tier 2 functional/technical analysts, as required.
Maintain a solid understanding of the HR Learning roadmap for enhancements and legislative patches, and work with the business and internal IT stakeholders to plan for internal upgrades to Oracle.
Perform service delivery activities following pre-defined processes/procedures.
Identify opportunities to reduce or prevent incidents occurring such as educating/training end-users, or functional/technical changes.
Plan, prepare and execute functional, and system testing and assist in issue resolution; develop test cases as required.
Adhere to Stantec's Solution Delivery Framework, Incident Management, and Change Management procedures.
Partnering with designated Business Process Leads to analyze current state business processes, identify pain-points, and developing recommendations for process/system improvement.
Serving as project lead on small or medium initiatives.
Applying your domain experience to deliver integrated technical solutions to business problems by managing requests to modify/enhance Stantec systems including logging Requests for Solutions, to managing and executing individual requests as assigned. This can include:
Conducting stakeholder workshops to elicit requirements.
Developing process models and other project deliverables using Microsoft Office tools such as Visio, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
Assisting with technology assessment and selection.
Researching, recommending, configuring, and implementing system solutions.
Working with stakeholders to develop business practice and policy documentation.
Adhering to Stantec's Solution Delivery Framework and Change Management process requirements.
Supporting cross-functional programs and projects that may include HR, IT, HSSE, Project Delivery, and other user communities.
Facilitating formal user acceptance testing and participating in testing activities such as test case creation, execution, and issue resolution.
Being an advocate for business process management.
Assisting IBA personnel with day-to-day operational issues.
Your Capabilities and Credentials
Understanding of the underpinning system functionality and flows that have been configured in Oracle HCM Cloud.
Good understanding of HR principles, concepts and processes.
Experience performing business analysis and capturing business requirements in a structured systematic manner.
Experience preparing test plans/cases/scripts.
Strong customer service orientation.
Strong verbal and written communication skills with a professional demeanor.
Strong interpersonal, organizational, time management, problem solving, and a keen attention to detail.
Strong system troubleshooting skills.
Understanding of ITIL (IT Infrastructure Library) practices would be an asset.
Highly self-motivated and directed.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Experience using Microsoft Office tools such as Word, Excel, Visio and PowerPoint
QA testing tools such as HP Quality Center
Fluency in French is considered as an asset.
Education & Experience
Post-secondary degree, ideally related to Business or Management Information Systems.
1-3 years of related experience
Typical office environment working with computers at a desk for long periods of time.Periodic off hours work required to support production issues that may arise during support system implementations.

This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice.

Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other's talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best.

Job: Application and Systems Administration

Primary Location: Canada-Alberta-Edmonton

Other Locations: Canada-Alberta-Calgary, United States-Colorado-Broomfield, United States-Pennsylvania-Philadelphia, United States-Colorado-Denver, United States-Arizona-Chandler

Employee Status: Regular

Job Level: Entry Level

Travel: No

Schedule: Full-time

Req ID: 2000016I
