At Globus, we move with a sense of urgency to deliver innovations that improve the quality of life of patients, inspired by the surgeons and healthcare providers who treat them.

Our world-class engineering works to transform clinical insights into tangible musculoskeletal solutions. We are constantly in pursuit of better patient care, and we understand that speed is critical because life cannot wait. Join us!

Position Summary:

The Business Support Analyst will partner with stakeholders from all business units and related third parties to define and document business processes and software requirements for technology initiatives, including online products, content management systems, and business information systems (ERP). This position will also be responsible for providing analytical training and support to all staff (Business Owners, End Users and IT Development Teams). The Business Analyst will design and document workflow and make appropriate recommendations to positively impact operational effectiveness.

The responsibilities of the position include, but are not limited to, the following:
Understanding business stake holders requests and translating business needs to use cases and process flow diagrams to create appropriate solutions
Writing business impact analysis documents and proposing alternate solutions for processes/functionality.
Proposing improvements to the Development Team from either the process side or Portal side
Creating impact analysis and high-level analysis documents by discussing with the Business Teams and interfacing with the Technical team for the implementation of changes
Partnering with business owners on a regular basis to identify better system improvements
Conducting cost and benefit analysis
Understanding various processes that are being followed at Globus Medical and the corresponding functionalities/modules in our ERP system (spineIT)
Adhering to the letter and spirit of the company Code of Conduct, the AdvaMed Code, MedTech Code, and all other company policies. Ensure Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules, and regulations, both in the United States and internationally, by completing introductory and annual training and maintaining knowledge of compliance as it applies to your role
Representing the company in a professional manner and uphold the highest standards of ethical business practices and socially responsible conduct in all interactions with other employees, customers, suppliers, and other third parties of Globus
In order to be qualified for this role, you must possess the following:
1-2 years of experience with Web based IT Systems
Case Modelling and Flow-charting skills
Strong written and interpersonal communication skills, with both technical and non-technical audiences
Ability to work independently and/or as part of a team
Strong organizational skills
Other Duties:

Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. The employee is occasionally required to sit; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.

Globus Medical is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.
