IQVIA™ is the leading human data science company focused on helping healthcare clients find unparalleled insights and better solutions for patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness the power of healthcare data, domain expertise, transformative technology, and advanced analytics to drive healthcare forward.

The Sr. Business Analyst joins a Clinical Care Advance (CCA) implementation in progress and is responsible for the collection of all Business Requirement Documents
• Responsible for all phases of system testing, regression, unit, etc. and reporting any discrepancies in test plans for review and correction.
• Available as needed for required testing.
• Assisted team members in answering questions related to testing scenarios and PHS business.
• Responsible for the collection of new business requirements and in revision of existing BTRD’s to reflect those changes.
• Researched various business processes so as to document and reflect in respective BTRD, etc.
• Assisted Project Manager in updates to current Project Plan.
• Captured minutes from various IT meetings and distributed to team members.
• Performed other assorted duties as assigned by IT or Project Manager.

Maintain and support the Care Management department as assigned, including complex configuration, stand-alone software systems, core claims system functionality, workflow mapping, and reporting
Identify key components of a project; evaluate alternative configuration options and the impact across the organization; identify risks and propose the best configuration solution
New implementation/CCA enhancement efforts (has an understanding of impacts to the existing CCA solution)
Perform complex data analysis and draw business conclusion for decision making
Create complex design documents through the assessment of requirements
Evaluate current configuration and recommend improvements
Manage projects for the program that may involve other departments and/or personnel
Initiates root cause analysis and serve as a resource to others for troubleshooting configuration issues
Serves a Subject Matter Expert for the Care Management platform
Provide training to new configuration staff members
Develop and maintain departmental performance reports, metrics and dashboards
Performs Regression and User Acceptance Testing activities on all configuration changes as well as upgrades and other things
Serve as the go-to resource for workflow questions and processes for their functional area

Experience, Qualifications, And Education
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business or related technical field, required
Ability to retrieve and analyze complex data using Microsoft Access, Excel and SQL
Strong knowledge of software implementation / development life cycle
Strong verbal and written communication skills with demonstrated ability to research, problem solve, trouble shoot, influence, present and partner across the organization
Proven ability to work independently while managing multiple tasks and priorities and demonstrated ability to independently lead multi-functional projects
Functional understanding of clinical workflows
3-5 years in analytical roles preferred
5+ years business experience possibly including Claims or Healthcare related experience (preferably Medicaid Managed Care or Medicare)
3+ years experience working in Information Systems (software installation, system configuration, SQL/Oracle platforms)

Join Us

Making a positive impact on human health takes insight, curiosity, and intellectual courage. It takes brave minds, pushing the boundaries to transform healthcare. Regardless of your role, you will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve outcomes for patients.

Forge a career with greater purpose, make an impact, and never stop learning.

IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled

IQVIA, Inc. provides reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Applicants who require reasonable accommodation to submit an application for employment or otherwise participate in the application process should contact IQVIA’s Talent Acquisition team at workday_recruiting@iqvia.com to arrange for such an accommodation.

Apply Now!
