Our client in the King of Prussia area is looking for a Business Systems Analyst to join their team. This is starting as a 5+ month contract role with a very well-known organization. This candidate should have 3+ years of experience in the healthcare industry. Position Description The main function of a business analyst is to analyze science, engineering, business and all other data processing problems for application to electronic data processing systems. A typical business systems analyst is responsible for analyzing user requirements, procedures and problems to automate or improve existing systems and review computer system capabilities, workflow and scheduling limitations. They will be responsible for understanding their assigned clients claim systems and payment policies so they may document requirements for implementing services and rule engine components either during the initial andor subsequent phase of implementation. This is a client facing position in a very team-oriented work environment. Responsibilities -Gather requirements from business units and translate those to programmers and developers. -Confer with clients regarding the nature of the information processing or computation needs. -Prepare cost-benefit and return-on-investment analyses to aid in decisions on system implementation. -Interview or survey workers, observe job performance or perform the job to determine what information is processed and how it is processed. -Coordinate and link the computer systems within an organization to increase compatibility and so information can be shared. -Consult with management to ensure agreement on system principles. -Expand or modify system to serve new purposes or improve work flow. Required Skills -3+ years of experience in healthcare combining first hand payor and consulting experience - must understand payor environments and high level understanding of different customer segments (national, strategic andor specialized business) -SDLC exposure needed -Understanding of medical terminology -Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, attention to detail and interpersonal skills. -Ability to work independently and manage ones time. -Basic mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback. -Knowledge of design techniques and principles involved in production of drawings and models. -Knowledge of computer software, such as Visual Basic, Java, SQL, etc. -Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required. -Able to understand and articulate ClaimsXten rules development Find Us on Facebook! httpswww.facebook.comBeaconHillStaffing Follow Us on Twitter! httpstwitter.com!BHPhilly Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, ProgrammingDevelopment, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, ProductionSupport and ERP roles. Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Life Sciences and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com httpwww.beaconhillstaffing.com . We look forward to working with you. Beacon Hill. Employing the Future
