A global financial services company continues to build out their finance department. The Business Analyst will be serve as the key point person to several departments, including - Risk, Operations and Internal Audit - on rollouts and projects. The company has an excellent culture and benefits package.
Administer and support Data Quality issue remediation tracking for company portfolio
Develop and enforce data policies and process improvements to support data integrity
Provide analysis of contract-level risk, finance, and liquidity data points for data quality improvement
Utilize SQL, Excel, and Qlik to validate, test, and perform analysis for regulatory reporting
Use business analysis to translate business and technical requirements to support data governance initiatives
Support organizational initiatives to enhance processes and procedures for the Data Management Business Intelligence & Basel Compliancy effort
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Business/Finance/MIS
3 + years data analysis experience is preferred within financial services industry
Ability to build partnerships across the organization
Background in Finance and Accounting
Strong technical abilities
Experience validating data
Find Us on Facebook!

Follow Us on Twitter!

Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply.

Company Profile:

Founded by industry leaders to set a new standard in search, career placement and flexible staffing, we deliver coordinated staffing solutions with unparalleled service, a commitment to project completion and success and a passion for innovation, creativity and continuous improvement.

Our niche brands provide direct hire, executive search, temporary staffing, contract consulting and temp/contract-to-hire solutions to emerging growth companies and the Fortune 500 across market sectors, career specialties/disciplines and industries. Over time, office locations, specialty practice areas and service offerings will be added to address ever changing constituent needs.

Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com.

We look forward to working with you.

Beacon Hill. Employing the Future (TM)
