Project Analyst

Exton

Pennsylvania

West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. is a leading manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. Working by the side of its customers from concept to patient, West creates products that promote the efficiency, reliability and safety of the world's pharmaceutical drug supply. West is headquartered in Exton, Pennsylvania, and supports its customers from locations in North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. West's 2018 sales of $1.7 billion reflect the daily use of approximately 112 million of its components and devices, which are designed to improve the delivery of healthcare to patients around the world.

Job Summary:

In this role, the Project Analyst is responsible for collecting customer requirements including all testing inputs, planning projects and communicating critical information to customers, operations and management for projects. Provides assignments to project plans, prepares project documents and collects inputs and documents to operations for execution of services with a moderate level of guidance.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Collecting and maintaining project inputs and documents.
Responsible for coordinating lab project work and identification of project risks.
Document project team and customer meetings and follow up on open action items.
Create and maintain project documentation to communicate status and progress
Initiate project change alerts in the case of delays, changes in scope, or deliverables.
Communication with other Project Analysts, Managers and Lab supervisors on projects involving multiple departments.
Work closely with business development/account managers, customers and Lab operations personnel to ensure all parties are aligned on project deliverables and timelines.
Conforms with and abides by all regulations, policies, work procedures, instruction, and all safety rules.
Collaborate with Sample Administration, Stability Coordinator, Project Management and Lab Operations on incoming testing projects.
Participate in customer audits for specific type of lab testing projects.
Responsible for creation of forms and executing the lab business transactions associated with the customer master setup, order and credit memo entry, customer invoicing and order maintenance.
Exhibits regular, reliable, punctual and predictable attendance
Other duties as assigned
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience in science related field
Minimum 3 years of experience in pharmaceutical, science industry
Minimum 1 year of experience in project management
Dependable, detail oriented, able to think creatively under pressure and work in a fast paced, constantly changing environment
Successful customer interaction experience
Excellent written and oral communication
Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
SAP, LIMS and MS Project experience a plus
Demonstrated proficiency in MS Office products (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook)
Basic knowledge of analytical laboratory testing methods
Able to be aware of all relevant SOPs as per Company policy as they are related to the position covered by this Job Description


Travel Requirements:
Minimal travel, up to 5% (Meetings, Training, collaboration)


Physical & Mental Requirements:
Sitting and/or standing for extended periods as well as getting to and from offices and building sites.
Maintain the ability to work well with others in a variety of situations.
Able to multi-task, work under time constraints, problem solve, and prioritize.
Able to maintain confidentiality and resolve conflicts.
Observe and interpret situations
Learn and apply new information or new skills
Work under deadlines with constant interruptions
West is an equal opportunity employer and we value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please send an email to peggy.tayloe@westpharma.com. Where permitted by law, an offer of employment with West Pharmaceutical Services, or any of its subsidiary or affiliate companies, is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of background screening and/or a pre-employment drug screening.
