Are you looking for an attractive opportunity to make an impact at a high growth company that has been growing at a double-digit rate? Then we have the right role for you at Citadel! We are seeking aFinancial Analyst to join the Finance team. This role reports to our VP of FP&A and is based in our corporate headquarters in Exton, PA. This individual will be responsible for month-end financial reporting and analysis for Citadel including loan loss allowance calculation. This role will support all business lines for marketing investment analysis, new product evaluation etc. This is an exciting opportunity for someone intellectually curious, analytically oriented, and detail attentive. The role is for those comfortable analyzing large quantity of data, to drive actionable insights, that influences business decision-making. The incumbent will also get an opportunity to implement and utilize a new financial performance management system for financial reporting, planning, budgeting etc.

Duties and Responsibilities
Perform financial forecasting, reporting, and operational metrics tracking
Analyze financial data and create financial models for decision support
Report on financial performance and prepare for regular leadership reviews
Analyze past results, perform variance analysis, identify trends, and make recommendations for improvements
Support all business lines for marketing investment analysis, new product evaluation etc.
Work closely with the accounting team to ensure accurate financial reporting
Evaluate financial performance by comparing and analyzing actual results with plans and forecasts
Perform risk score migration analyses on a semi-annual basis.
Perform monthly product yield, delinquency, and cash flow analysis.
Provide monthly dealer participation analysis.
Manage Collections reporting including Daily Delinquency Reporting, Loan Modifications review, monthly collections reporting etc.
Manage designated Risk Management reporting.
Perform impairment analyses for Allowance Committee on a monthly basis.
Provide jeopardy loan analysis for monthly allowance for loan loss workbook.
Manage Citadel’s Quality Control function (Commercial Loan Review).
Provide support for NCUA quarterly 5300 and compliance reporting.
Other duties as assigned.
Qualifications and Education Requirements

Required Work Experience -At least four years of experience in financial analysis, business analysis, consulting, investment banking, or equivalent experience in consulting, investment banking, credit card, banking and other financial institutions. Strong level of financial and business acumen to be able to drive results for a breadth of initiatives

Preferred work experience - Prior experience conducting loan portfolio analytics or portfolio risk management

Required education - Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Business, quantitative field or related discipline
