Business Systems AnalystA Business Systems Analyst (BSA) is needed for a position in Philadelphia, PA.

Responsibilities of the BSA include:

Define business requirements to address strategic objectives for Risk and Stars programs
Develop processes to define systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and a thorough understanding of business systems and industry requirements.
Evaluate systems solutions and process automation.
Provide Formal Requirements Communication Plans.
Conduct requirements presentation reviews, and obtain requirements approvals.
Development of an organization(TM)s programmer analysis methodology and/or best practices.
Statistical Analysis/benchmarking, risk score and Stars forecasting
Analyze complex datasets to identify opportunities for CMS program enhancements
Perform specific duties of the BSA as required.

Requirements of the BSA:

Bachelor(TM)s Degree in Business, Finance, Economics or Information Systems/Science
1-3 years(TM) experience in a similar role
Demonstrated strong analytical, communication and interpersonal skills
Knowledge of CMS Medicare programs is a plus
Knowledge of SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS Knowledge of Tableau
Expert-level knowledge of MS Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook
Knowledge of statistical software (R or SAS) a plus

CSS Tec offers a range of IT professionals skilled in these roles: Salesforce Consulting/Administration, Project Managers, Scrum Masters, Cloud Architect, Developers (.NET & JAVA & Full Stack) Business Analysts, QAs, System Administrators, Network Engineers, Help Desk Agents, and Desktop Support Analysts. We specialize in Contract, Contract-to-Hire, Direct-Hire, and Project-based positions staffing nationally in the IT space. CSS helps organizations execute on key initiatives by delivering critical enterprise resources to complete projects, gain operational efficiencies, and drive customer success for our clients.

CSS works with our clients and candidates to communicate the opportunity being extended along with the experience required and approved by the client. In turn, the compensation is based on experience and the decision to extend an offer at a specific amount is determined by the hiring company, not CSS. We value the opportunity to represent you and are legally obligated does not and shall not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status, in any of its activities or operations.

#LI-MP1
