Position Overview:

The Business Intelligence (BI) Analyst is a key role that will provide support to numerous initiatives across the entire Organization.This position will provide critical analysis to deliver and implement key activities such as departmental metrics and dashboards, supplier scorecards and KPI’s, supply base intelligence, RFI/RFP preparation and analysis, marketplace indices evaluation, departmental process improvement initiatives, support of standard operating procedure development and supplier management.The BI Analyst will support delivery leads and clients to develop project plans to generate required quantitative analyses and to establish timelines for client deliverables while influence the SDI leadership teams to adopt new approaches.

Job Responsibilities:
Company’s departmental dashboards, metrics, and reports
Support the development of departmental performance metrics and KPI’s (i.e. savings, spend, contract management, compliance) to drive strategy development and implementation.
Complete and execute distribution reports on schedule (daily, weekly, or monthly). To accomplish, the BI Analyst must be able to triage multiple on-going tasks and have effective time management skills.
Manage validation and documentation processes for personal work outputs to ensure reliability of models, reproducibility of results and replication of the production process.
Contribute to the development and management of the firm’s data and analytics infrastructure, including introduction of new technologies to the firm.
Supply chain intelligence
Gather and analyze data and relevant information around business insights into supply base changes and market dynamics.
Run and analyze marketplace indices that effect cost of goods sold and present findings to Organization.
Strive to continuously improve SDI performance by utilizing and understanding best practices, lessons learned and industry trends through participation in industry associations.
Analytics as a Service
Support the development of standard operating procedures for identified key service offerings.
Oversee, support and manage client specific data flows and reporting
Engage and drive client interaction towards the fulfillment of our contractual obligations and management of agreed upon engagement SLAs.
Qualifications:
Minimum 4-year college degree from an accredited university.
2-5 years’ work related experience.
Moderate supply chain experience strongly preferred.
Advanced Excel and Business Intelligence tools skills are a must.
Experience and technical proficiency with appropriate analytical tools (SQL, Access,PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, and MS Project).
Experience with ERP procurement systems is also a plus.
Strong analytical, business process analysis and problem solving capabilities.
Financial acumen.
Excellent communication and project management skills.
Ability to work and support different business streams and guide them towards a viable technical solution
Critical thinking skills: Seeing beyond the obvious to provide insights garnered from analysis.
