Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

PerformRx is a pharmacy benefits manager (PBM) dedicated to clinical culture, boutique service and holistic solutions. Our mission is to help clients, providers and members use effective medication therapy to improve health and wellness. For over two decades, our focus has been on providing optimal service through a clinical culture which seeks to provide members with high quality care while ensuring our partners receive favorable costs. That culture is reflected in our employeesmore than 80 percent of our staff members are pharmacists and pharmacy techniciansand in the services we provide.

Responsibilities:

The Pharmacy Network Operations Analyst supports business and initiatives undertaken by Pharmacy Network Operations by liaising with applicable line of business contacts to monitor, acquire, extract, manipulate, and evaluate/analyze data. Coordinates with intra-departmental and corporate resources to facilitate timely completion and communication of data gathering, data design and reporting activities: As part of the Pharmacy Network Operations team, the Pharmacy Network Operations Analyst supports new and existing market implementations and/or operations by assuring provider data integrity, format consistency and load accuracy through validation methods and electronic tools.

The incumbent will also serve as the lead operational reporting subject matter expert within the company regarding pharmacy standard monitoring measures including pharmacy audit. The Pharmacy Network Operations Analyst will communicate report findings and observations; and collaborate with pharmacy management to resolve issues in a timely and efficient manner.

Pharmacy Network Operations Analyst analyzes pharmacy network access claims data applying knowledge of pharmacy policy and data mining techniques to determine details of fraudulent, erroneous, or abusive billing activity on claims processing systems, GEO Access, and various pharmacy network client specific reporting. Proficient with healthcare claim adjudication standards and procedures including application of benefit plan designs, administrative services agreements, coordination of benefits, and subrogation provisions. Prepare claims sample and supporting documentation for the claim review (remote or onsite).

Prepare draft and final reports of the audit findings, including recommendations for corrective action, for delivery to the client and the claims administrator. Support efforts to grow the revenue and profitability of our pharmacy network and claims auditing business.

Monitors updates and changes related to data requirements and reporting for internal and external customers. Collaborates and executes processes & procedures and process improvement initiatives/documentation. Supports pharmacy network upgrades to effectively and efficiently deliver results to all LOBs and new markets. Collaborates and oversees directory work with print and online processes, on-demand and data pulls. Supports new business initiatives and implementation work for pharmacy network intelligence and RFPs. Adapt to fluctuating situations and perform work of a detailed nature, avoiding errors. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills as well as the ability to effectively interact with all levels of staff and management Works independently Strong assessment and problem-solving skills Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts and draw valid conclusions.

Education/Experience:
Bachelors Degree (preferred or equivalent experience).
Organizational Skills.
Time Management.
Proficient of URAC and CMS network requirements
Proficient of Federal and State level auditing & network requirements.
3-5 years of claims experience, 3 years of managed health care experience with demonstrated skill and proficiency with software applications capable of provider-specific reports, such as network adequacy, payment rules, provider services and director.
3-5 years of experience with Microsoft Access and Excel.
5+ year managed health care experience with demonstrated skill and proficiency with software applications.
Current Pharmacy Technician (PTCB) Certification - Preferred.
Outstanding analytical, investigative and project management skills.
Detail oriented with ability to manage multiple client assignments simultaneously.
In-depth knowledge of pharmacy operations LTC or Specialty Pharmacy experience.
Required claims processing and Provider data maintenance knowledge.
Required understanding of and experience related to pharmacy claims payment configuration process/systems and its relevance/impact on network operations.
Required formal training or equivalent experience in the effective use of reporting and querying software such as MS Excel, MS Access, and Visual Basics for Access, BI Query, and/or SQL.
Required excellent written and verbal communication.
Generates all GEO Access Reporting for the Pharmacy Network Department.
Proficient in pharmacy provider data and deliverables related contract or regulatory procedures associated with assigned lines of business with current knowledge of changes and upgrades that affect the quality and accuracy of the products.
Back
Share
Apply Now
