Description

The
Business System Analyst will analyze, design, test and implement application
enhancements, upgrades and solutions to Credit Card production issues.
The candidate for this position works closely with other areas to deliver on
requirements.

Primary
Responsibilities:
Participate
in the launch of new Credit Card products and features.
Meet
all mandatory project delivery dates.
Work
with the management team and peers to define the needs and objectives
which will further assist in automating functions and streamlining
operations while continually improving the customer experience.
Provide
technical support for complex system application(s).
Document
solutions and track progress.
Work
with the management team and peers to define requirements for system
enhancements.
Provide
expert advice to business lines for system changes.
Collect,
review and analyze system related changes to ensure compliance with
department SLAs, policies, procedures, and/or regulatory and risk
requirements.
Initiate
complex solutions associated with Credit Card transactions in order to
achieve customer satisfaction.
Provide
assistance to colleagues and customers associated with the implementation
of new/updated processes.
Manage
multiple small to medium scale projects.
Act
as a liaison between Operations, product management, programmers and/or
vendors to address system enhancements.
Offer
recommendations and solutions to management and peers based on system
expertise.
Qualifications

Required
Skills/Experience:
Ability
to make well informed business decisions while working independently and
in group settings
Ability
to create solutions for complex problems or system changes
Superior
written and verbal communication skills; ability to deliver impactful
concise messages to management
Strong
organizational and time management skills
Strong
ability to multi-task
Advanced
MS Excel, Access, and Word experience
Strong
interpersonal skills
Quantitative
& qualitative reasoning skills
Project
Management and Business Process Development experience
Strong
fundamental knowledge of computers; mainframe, personal and distributed
computers, and software applications for areas supported
Knowledge
of programming, systems analysis and testing principles
Knowledge
of System Development Life Cycle
Preferred
Skills/Experience:
5+
years of experience in Credit Card technology
Banking/related
experience
Education:
Bachelor's
Degree preferred
Hours
and Work Schedule

Hours
per week: 40

Work
Schedule: 8:30am to 5:00pm, Monday - Friday
Why Work for Us

At Citizens, you'll find a customer-centric culture built around helping our customers and giving back to our local communities. When you join our team, you are part of a supportive and collaborative workforce, with access to training and tools to accelerate your potential and maximize your career growth.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of Citizens Bank to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all colleagues and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, pregnancy/childbirth, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability or perceived disability, genetic information, citizenship, veteran or military status, marital or domestic partner status, or any other category protected by federal, state and/or local laws.

Equal Employment and Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veteran
