Job Description
Greetings from CitiusTech Inc!

We are currently implementing a solution for one of our Healthcare clients in Philadelphia, PA. We are looking to hire a Business Analyst with MS Dynamics to join our existing team. This project is being implemented by CitiusTech for one of our largest customers and the project is an ongoing initiative.

I have included the position description and a brief background of CitiusTech below. I look forward to hearing from you soon!

Role: Business Analyst with Microsoft Dynamics

Location: Philadelphia, PA

Duration: 6 Months +

Looking for someone who can join CitiusTech as contract actual basis.

Mandatory Skills

Microsoft Dynamics 365, Reporting services

Desired Skills

RESTful, SOAP web service development

Skill/Experience/Education
Mandatory- Bachelor's degree in related field or equivalent experience - At least 4 years’ experience with Microsoft Dynamics 365 CRM system including comprehensive knowledge of system configuration.
At least 3 years in Database/Reporting Software, Microsoft Power BI.
At least 2 years in Microsoft Power Platform.
Strong competency in database/reporting software
Ability to manage across multiple tasks
Roles and responsibilities
Resource has worked with all basic components of the subject matter and can identify relevant standards, policies and practices.
Individual has a strong understanding of the operational issues and considerations and can site examples of usage in different environments. Resource will gain technical expertise and make recommendations for solutions which may impact the overall outcome of the project/assignment.
Resource has the ability to work with clients/users to identify and scope their requirements. This level should typically be used for a mid-level, fully proficient resource.
Formulates and defines scope (requirements) and objective based on user needs and thorough understanding of business processes.
Works with stakeholders on process improvement projects designed to improve results. Gathers and analyzes information and provides recommendations to address and resolve root causes.
Evaluates/researches business problems and their relationship to technology. Experience supporting business process re-engineering efforts. Ability to dialogue and negotiate with all levels of stakeholders.
Organizes and presents ideas in a convincing and compelling manner. Possesses effective verbal and written communication skills.
Understands the value of process-centric approach to business analysis Tackles complex business/systems problems and conveys this information to stakeholders (includes technical teams for translation into solution design).
Identifies process, technology and organizational role changes necessary to support business goals and objectives.

About CitiusTech:

CitiusTech is a leading provider of healthcare technology services and solutions to medical technology companies, providers, payers and life sciences organizations. With over 4,000+ professionals, we serve over 75 leading healthcare organizations worldwide. We offer our clients a wide range of services and solutions including healthcare software development, healthcare interoperability, regulatory compliance, consumer engagement, care coordination and population health management. With extensive capabilities in healthcare technology, we have consistently delivered best-in-class solutions at an unmatched cost advantage to its healthcare clients across the world.

CitiusTech is closely associated with industry organizations like HIMSS, HL7 and CHIME Foundation.

CitiusTech employs over 4,000+ professionals globally including 700+ HL7 Certified Professionals and 1,200+ Software Product Engineering Professionals

If you would like to join us on our journey to be the world's most prominent Healthcare IT solutions company, please contact us! To apply for this position, please contact:

Brijesh Pandey (Senior Talent Acquisitions Executive for CitiusTech)

Powered by JazzHR

lHb7PnC2AF
