Lead Business Analyst->> Formulates and defines system's scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of the application, business, operational and/or industry requirements. Develops business requirements and functional specifications for medium to large sized projects. Formulates and defines project scope, objectives, constraints and assumptions using existing documented processes based upon user needs as well as a thorough knowledge of the application, business, operations and industry. Collects and defines requirements, translates into functional design, test planning, and user documentation processes. Provides advice to internal business groups on process improvement projects by analyzing business process flows and identifying changes. May also provide guidance in this area to less experienced business analysts. Gathers and analyzes information and provides recommendations to address and resolve business issues for a specific business group. Applies experiences with existing software and/or systems development processes to develop better processes to be used in the future. Actively influences software development process improvement initiatives. Provides technical consultation concerning business implications of application development projects. Participates in software and/or systems design/ prototyping, construction and testing of new or enhanced applications and/or systems. Contributes to the achievement of related teams' objectives.QualificationsBachelor's degree in business management or a related discipline, or equivalent work experience required, advanced degree preferred, 4-6 years of experience in a business analyst environment required, experience in the securities or financial services industry is a plus.BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.Our ambition is to build the best global team - one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve - and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.Primary Location: United States-Pennsylvania-King of PrussiaInternal Jobcode: 45112Job: Information TechnologyOrganization: Operations & Shared Technology-HR13644Requisition Number: 2005697
