As a member of our Business Analysis team, you'll play a crucial role in identifying, improving, and developing technology solutions that drive our strategic goals. This is a tremendous opportunity to learn about high-priority initiatives and collaborate with colleagues throughout the firm. Working at the intersection of business and technology, you'll sharpen your understanding of business processes and data analysis, while continuing to develop your leadership, management, and communication skills. No matter where your career ultimately takes you, you'll make a meaningful impact and lasting connections with outstanding colleagues and mentors.As a member of our Business Analysis team, you'll play a crucial role in identifying, improving and developing technology solutions that drive our strategic goals. This is a tremendous opportunity to learn about high-priority initiatives and collaborate with colleagues throughout the firm. Working at the intersection of business and technology, you'll sharpen your understanding of business processes and data analysis, while continuing to develop your leadership, management and communication skills. No matter where your career ultimately takes you, you'll make a meaningful impact and lasting connections with outstanding colleagues and mentors.**Project Details:**+ Works with product engineering teams (development and infrastructure) to come up with designs that meet the business requirements.+ Proficient in knowledge of business applications, data usage, data management tools and flow charting tools.+ High degree of organization skills including the use of Confluence and JIRA for managing product documentation.+ Business Systems Analyst or Technical Analyst in a large scale development environment.+ Work with the product owners to map detailed technical requirements to capture strategic business goals for both short term and longer term roadmaps.This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including:+ BS/BA degree or equivalent experience+ A strong understanding of at least one business function in the firm, as well as a broader understanding of other areas.+ Proficiency in business applications, data usage and management+ Ability to liaison between lines of business and the development team, while working with a wide range of stakeholders and collaborating with your team.+ Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals+ Demonstrated experience of working with product owner and Dev teams to create user stories in Jira to capture requirements. Experience in developing detailed business process flows and/or functional designs based on discussions with business partners/stakeholders. Proven track record of being a liaison between the product owner, scrum master, testing teams and developer teams.+ Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills, with the ability to assess and solve problems, (i.e. blockers identified by developers). Solid understanding of agile development methodologies and ability to ensure Agile/Scrum concepts and principles are adhered to. A strong understanding of at least one business function in the firm, as well as a broader understanding of other areas.+ Proficiency in business applications, data usage and management. Ability to liaison between lines of business and the development team, while working with a wide range of stakeholders and collaborating with your team. Ability to work collaboratively in teams and develop meaningful relationships to achieve common goals.JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
