Are you a self-driven person looking to advance your career as a high-impact player on a team? If so, we have an exciting challenge for you and your future!

HP Hood’s culture is built on value commitments to innovation, quality, results, integrity, community, people, and collaboration that fosters a strong employee engagement, teamwork, safety and wellness.

We offer acompetitive benefits package that includehealth,dental,vision,wellness programs, employee discount programs,401k matchestuition reimbursement, ongoing development, advancement opportunities and more. This position is alsoeligible for a bonusprogram.

Founded in 1846, today HP Hood is one of the largest and most trusted food and beverage manufacturers in the United States. Our portfolio of national and super-regional brands and licensed products includes Hood, Heluva Good, Lactaid, Blue Diamond Almond Breeze, Hershey’s Milk& Milkshakes and more.

Job Summary:

HP Hood is deploying a significant SAP S4HANA footprint to all company plants and warehouses. This role is to place a skilled SAP resource at a particular facility to participate in all critical project, readiness, and support activities. Throughout the project this will encompass supporting business, functional, data, technical, and change management tasks. This individual will serve as a liaison with the core project team based in headquarters and represent the site in build, test, deployment, support, and sustainment discussions. This will include working closely with company business team members cross-functionally, IT team members, external consultants, and third-party software providers.

This role will be primarily focused on the company’s SAP S4HANA ERP implementation project, after implementation the role will be integrated into the ongoing operation of the company and long-term support of the solution.

This role will require 15%-25% travel.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Building Phase:
Contributes to the SAP solution for the specific facility during the Build Phase of the project becoming familiar with the defined future-state and interim-state processes and business requirements, liaising between the facility and the core project team based at headquarters on a variety of topics, and contributing to the change impact assessment being conducted by the Change Management team. Gathers certain configuration values from the facility, identifying end-to-end business scenarios for testing, identifying non-functional performance requirements, and helping to conduct any site-specific testing.
Participates in data cleansing and construction for the facility and assisting with data verification.
Assists with a technical requirements assessment– including a procurement and implementation plan.
All other duties as assigned.
Additional Phases:
Ensures site readiness though helping to coordinate and participate in“day in the life” testing, testing the hardware based in the facility, helping to identify users for User Acceptance Testing, and helping to prepare those users with relevant background information to successful execute the testing.
All other duties as assigned.
Post Testing Phase:
Contributes to facility contingency planning, change readiness assessments, and helping to review site-specific training materials.
Leads the SAP project through gathering site-specific cutover activities, helps to construct the site-specific Hypercare and transition plans, participates in cutover and validation, and supports the live solution during Hypercare.
Works with the Change Management team to help prepare the site for the upcoming changes, to include super-user training, participating in functionality“road shows”, participating in solution“playbacks”, and having discussions with the resources at the facility.
Supports all Go-Lives at all facilities with their knowledge. This will include providing Hypercare support, helping to resolve tickets, creating any net new required documentation, and gathering site-specific lessons learned.
All other duties assigned.
After Implementation
Serves as an expert assisting the business and helping ongoing SAP support, serving as a“first line of defense” for ongoing functional/technical or process issues. This could include troubleshooting production issues, providing resolutions and conducting root cause analysis. For any expansion, continuous improvement, and other changes, this role would again act as the liaison between the facility and the project leadership, bringing forth any site-specific requirements and participating in design, build, test, deploy, and support activities.
Cross-trains on all processes and functionality across the facilities.
Travel (which will include overnights) will be required to other company sites, training, and occasionally project headquarters.
All other duties as assigned.
Education and Experience:
BS/BA in Business, Information Systems, Supply Chain, Logistics or Engineering and a minimum of 3 years of experience using SAP ERP, with S/4HANA experience strongly preferred.
Must have functional expertise in the in-scope“Plan to Manufacture” areas (Demand Planning, Sales and Operations Planning, Production Planning and Detailed Scheduling, Material Requirement Planning, Quality Planning, Quality Inspection, Quality Notifications, Batch Management, Batch Traceability, Plant Maintenance, Production Execution, Shop Floor Integration, and Inventory Management) in the SAP IBP, PPDS, PP, QM, SDM (smart Dairy Management by msg) and MII software components and modules.
This role must gain company-wide functional expertise by possessing a deep and comprehensive knowledge of both enterprise-wide business processes and of SAP ERP (S/4HANA preferred) functionality and related tools/systems. Strong knowledge of enterprise-wide master data and transaction data objects. Knowledge of key integration points and adjacent software components.
Experience working in a manufacturing or distribution company is required. Experience working in a dairy transformation environment is preferred, but not required.
SAP ERP (S4HANA strongly preferred) full-scale, full-cycle implementation project experience supporting the enablement of enterprise-wide business processes within SAP software is preferred.
Skills and Competencies:
Strong management and leadership skills required.
Ability to be detailed-oriented while still maintaining a big picture perspective. Must have a solid understanding of corporate-wide functions, specifically how technology supports business processes. Excellent business acumen.
Highly collaborative work style. Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to build successful professional working relationships. Ability to work effectively in a cross-functional, fast-paced project environment.
Exceptional written and oral communication skills. Will be expected to communicate to employees and suppliers at all levels (including company executives) via: face to face meetings, conference calls, written messages and project documentation. Ideal candidate must have excellent documentation skills, presentation skills and meeting facilitation skills.
Creative and analytical. Strong problem solving and conflict resolution skills. Can do attitude.
Ability to react under pressure to any given situation that may arise, in a professional manner and with positive results, in support of a multi-location, 7 X 24 environment.
Ability to be the liaison between technology and the business.
Ability to work independently, with limited direction, to achieve expected results.
Basic to intermediate Microsoft Office skills, to include MS PowerPoint and MS Excel.
Excellent project management skills.
HP Hood is an Equal Opportunity Employer
Female/Minority/Veteran/Disabled

"VERVRAA Federal Contractor"
