Alternate Locations: Fort Wayne, IN (Indiana); Greensboro, NC (North Carolina); Radnor, PA (Pennsylvania)

Relocation assistance is not available for this opportunity.

Level: P3

Requisition #64190

About the Company

Lincoln Financial Group, a Fortune 250 company with over 10,000 employees, provides advice and solutions that help empower Americans to take charge of their financial lives with confidence. Our core business areas — Life Insurance, Annuities, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection — focus on supporting, preserving and enhancing over 17 million customer’s lifestyles and retirement outcomes.

Headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name for Lincoln National Corporation (NYSE: LNC) and its affiliates. The company had $238 billion in assets under management as of December 31, 2018.

Ranked one of the Best Large Employers in America by Forbes magazine, Lincoln Financial Group makes a serious investment in our employees’ futures through a broad range of wealth accumulation and protection plans, health and wellness programs, and career development resources designed to help each individual reach their personal and professional goals.
General Purpose of Job
This position will consult/analyze and deliver on more complex Business Analysis assignments/projects for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility. S/he will act as a resource to applicable internal/external stakeholders. S/he will also consult and collaborate with business stakeholders to define and validate more complex business and technical solutions that meet the needs, goals and objectives for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Duties and Responsibilities
Maintains knowledge on current and emerging developments/trends for assigned area(s) of responsibility, assesses the impact, and collaborates with management to incorporate new trends and developments in current and future solutions.
Champions and enhances organizational initiatives by positively influencing and supporting change management and/or departmental/enterprise initiatives within assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Serves as a resource to team members and applicable internal/external stakeholders on more complex assignments/projects for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Identifies and recommends process improvements that significantly reduce workloads or improve quality for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Consults/Analyze on more complex assignments and/or projects for his/her assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Consults and collaborates with key internal and/or external stakeholders to elicit more complex business issues, determine root cause(s), and capture business needs.
Develops more complex business requirements for assigned area(s) of responsibility.
Using structured requirements process, clearly articulates, documents and validates more complex business requirements and technical solutions.
Consults and acts as a resource to appropriate internal and/or external stakeholders to ensure solutions meet business needs
Collaborates with internal and/or external stakeholders to assess, select and recommend more complex solutions and/or alternative approaches that will achieve business goals.
Collaborates effectively with appropriate internal and/or external stakeholders on more complex issues and conflicts that impact time, cost, scope, quality and risk of assigned projects.
Validates that the solution meets the business need by developing more complex acceptance criteria an plan to evaluate
Determines and recommends the most appropriate response to identified more complex problems, issues and/or defects by assessing impact and prioritization.
Provides more complex technical research and analysis to support business operations and presents findings to management or project leader.
Determines more complex best practices and suggests how to improve current practices.
Facilitates change to the organization through the more complex analysis, design and implementation of business processes that achieve business objectives.
Serves as a mentor and share technical knowledge with junior and/or peer team members.
May provide more complex testing support as needed.
Additional Position Responsibilities
Carries out duties in compliance with all state and federal regulations and guidelines. Complies with all company and site policies and procedures.
Makes a positive contribution as demonstrated by: - Making suggestions for improvement - Learning new skills, procedures and processes
Performs other duties as required.
Remains current in profession and industry trends.

Other Skills and Abilities
Ability to perform under stress in cases of emergency, critical or hazardous situations.
Ability to work with others in a team environment.
Demonstrated strong relationship management skills with internal clients (e.g. management, peers and colleagues); proven ability to develop collaborative approaches.
Demonstrates ability to identify and recommend processes improvements.
Demonstrates excellent organizational skills with the ability to prioritize workload and multi-task while maintaining strict attention to detail.
Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style.
Demonstrates the ability to use sound judgment and discretion regarding confidential information.
Finds common ground and can gain collaboration among management, colleagues and peers; can influence outcomes without directing or commanding.
Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook).
Strong project management skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.
Successfully completes regulatory and job training requirements.

Education
4 Year/Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience (4 years of experience in lieu of Bachelors)_Minimum Required in Computer Science, Information Systems or Information Technology

Experience
3 - 5+ Years experience in business analysis that directly aligns with the specific responsibilities for this position (Required )

This position may be subject to Lincoln’s Political Contribution Policy. An offer of employment may be contingent upon disclosing to Lincoln the details of certain political contributions. Lincoln may decline to extend an offer or terminate employment for this role if it determines political contributions made could have an adverse impact on Lincoln’s current or future business interests, misrepresentations were made, or for failure to fully disclose applicable political contributions and or fundraising activities.

Any unsolicited resumes/candidate profiles submitted through our web site or to personal e-mail accounts of employees of Lincoln Financial Group are considered property of Lincoln Financial Group and are not subject to payment of agency fees.

Lincoln Financial Group (“LFG”) is an Equal Opportunity employer and, as such, is committed in policy and practice to recruit, hire, compensate, train and promote, in all job classifications, without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, veterans status, or genetic information. Applicants are evaluated on the basis of job qualifications. If you are a person with a disability that impedes your ability to express your interest for a position through our online application process, or require TTY/TDD assistance, contact us by calling 260-455-2558.

#[[customString5]]
