Placeholde About Citi Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services, and wealth management. Our core activities are safeguarding assets, lending money, making payments and accessing the capital markets on behalf of our clients. Citis Mission and Value Proposition explains what we do and Citi Leadership Standards explain how we do it. Our mission is to serve as a trusted partner to our clients by responsibly providing financial services that enable growth and economic progress. We strive to earn and maintain our clients and the publics trust by constantly adhering to the highest ethical standards and making a positive impact on the communities we serve. Our Leadership Standards is a common set of skills and expected behaviors that illustrate how our employees should work every day to be successful and strengthens our ability to execute against our strategic priorities. Diversity is a key business imperative and a source of strength at Citi. We serve clients from every walk of life, every background and every origin. Our goal is to have our workforce reflect this same diversity at all levels. Citi has made it a priority to foster a culture where the best people want to work, where individuals are promoted based on merit, where we value and demand respect for others and where opportunities to develop are widely available to all. Description With a pre-eminent global brand and distribution, Citi Cards maintains a leadership position in the credit card industry by delivering innovative products, advanced services and payment systems that address our clients evolving needs. The AAdvantage No Fee card portfolio plays a critical role within this organization, combining the strengths of the worlds largest airline and the worlds largest credit card issuer to deliver award-winning products in the travel co-brand space. The individual in this role will be responsible for supporting the growth of the No Fee product suite with specific areas of focus on: uncovering customer insights and actionable ways we can leverage them to enhance our product value proposition; optimizing the customer experience; identifying, prioritizing, implementing and assessing a set of strategic initiatives to support growth of the product; and, actively collaborating with Cards Marketing, Legal, Compliance, Operations and Finance as well as our partner to jointly drive business results. This individual will also have the opportunity to influence and directly work on one of Citi's most premium card portfolios, acquire knowledge and insights about the airline industry and influence and interact with key stakeholders across all levels and functions at Citi. Specifically, she or he will: Map end-to-end customer experience; identify opportunities based on customer insights and take appropriate action to drive improvements in customer feedback. Measure the impact of all actions taken and continually monitor customer feedback for future areas of opportunity Partner closely with the service delivery team to evolve the servicing model to better meet customer needs and to drive improvement in customer feedback; ensure that the right tools and training are in place to deliver on the product value proposition. Maintain regular dialog with servicing organization, engage in product manager site visits to servicing center(s) and help shape the approach to servicing this consumer segment. Own customer onboarding and loyalty experiences through a customers tenure with Citi, and act as a channel champion no fee products. In collaboration with the early engagement and loyalty marketing teams, help to identify and execute appropriate strategies and tactics to drive improvements in activation and spend within a customers first year of tenure. Ensure an overall understanding of the P&L to ensure that tactics are driving the right portfolio dynamics. Manage day-to-day interaction with American Airlines to ensure strategies are implemented across both companies. Support ad hoc projects spanning across the portfolio as needed. Ensure the maintenance and integrity of all customer communications, including terms & conditions, guides to benefits, etc. Qualifications 3-5 years Cards marketing and or relevant product marketing experience preferred Bachelors Degree required; MBA preferred Strong customer focus and someone who has demonstrated past achievements applying a customer mindset to shape strategies and action plans Influencing skills - ability to work across multiple teams and functions to align and deliver against the teams business objectives Experience leading and delivering in a highly-matrixed organization without direct responsibility for resources (people, budget, etc.) Excellent verbal and presentation skills, with experience working with teams in multiple locations r Job Description ------------------------------------------------- Grade :All Job Level - All Job FunctionsAll Job Level - All Job Functions - US ------------------------------------------------------ Time Type :Full time ------------------------------------------------------ Citi is an equal opportunity and affirmative action employer. Minority/Female/Veteran/Individuals with Disabilities/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity. Citigroup Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Citi) invite all qualified interested applicants to apply for career opportunities. If you are a person with a disability and need a reasonable accommodation to use our search tools and/or apply for a career opportunity CLICK HERE . To view the "EEO is the Law" poster CLICK HERE . To view the EEO is the Law Supplement CLICK HERE . To view the EEO Policy Statement CLICK HERE . To view the Pay Transparency Posting CLICK HERE .
