ELAP provides a comprehensive, reference based pricing solution that helps self-funded employers across the US significantly reduce their healthcare costs.

With double digit incremental growth,we are guided by an entrepreneurial culture that rewards innovation and teamwork. We foster the free flow of ideas and value initiative, trust, creativity and passion - qualities we consider essential to our success. There are many reasons why it's good to be an ELAP employee; and one of them is our generous, 100% paid (for employees / 60% for dependents) comprehensive benefits program that helps you and your family stay healthy, feel safe and maintain balance work / life. Another is our exceptional 401K match, in which you are vested 100% immediately. To learn more, apply today!

ELAP's Values
We level the playing field
We Passionately Challenge the Status Quo
We Innovate
We Advocate
We Empower Clients and Families
We are Accountable
Summary

The Quality Assurance/Support Analyst will engage in a variety of activities including analyzing requirements and design documents, creating test cases and tracking defects. This is an opportunity to grow and thrive within an in-house IT Department.You must have a strong work ethic, be task oriented and possess a drive to get things done in a fast-paced working environment.

Duties and Responsibilities
Lead testing of custom Salesforce and other applications that support internal business functions.
Generate test data and prepare test environments.
Develop detailed test plans and test cases in support of business requirements and technical designs.
Execute test scripts that validate requirements and support quality assurance methodologies and a quality product.
Document all defects identified during testing and provide testing metrics.
Communicate status and issues in a concise and timely manner to project team.
Write and maintain documentation to assist in troubleshooting.
Participate in initiatives to identify and implement tools and utilities that enhance testing capabilities and product quality.
Identify opportunities to apply automation or other tools to meet testing needs.
Understand the ever-changing business environment and the idiosyncrasies of each business unit.
Assist with second-level business application support - isolate issues, determine root causes, and implement solutions.
Other duties as assigned.
Education and Experience
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, or related field from an accredited institution.
3 or more years of experience in quality assurance testing
Specialized Skills and Knowledge
Knowledge of quality assurance standards, methodologies and processes used during all testing phases (Functional, System, Regression, User Acceptance, Performance)
Preferred experience with Salesforce and SharePoint
Strong written and oral communication skills
Superior analysis and problem solving skills
Strong attention to detail
Solid teamwork and interpersonal skills
Effective organizational, time management and planning skills
Self-directed and motivated to succeed
Highly process driven and eager to learn
Experience working in the healthcare industry preferred
