Position Type :

Full time

Type Of Hire :

Experienced (relevant combo of work and education)

Education Desired :

Bachelor of Computer Science

Travel Percentage :

25%

Job Description

Are you curious, motivated, and forward-thinking? At FIS youll have the opportunity to work on some of the most challenging and relevant issues in financial services and technology. Our talented people empower us, and we believe in being part of a team that is open, collaborative, entrepreneurial, passionate and fun.

About the team

MBP is a real-time, multi-currency deposit and loan core banking system. Developed as a single integrated solution, MBP provides a multitude of configurable features designed to meet the unique business and product needs of retail and commercial financial organizations.

What you will be doing

General Duties and Responsibilities:
Works individually or within a team on MBP implementation projects to meet specific client scope
Defines product scope and associated requirements
Develops subject matter expertise in areas of the MBP solution
Serves as liaison between client and FIS teams during implementation projects
Expertly researches and documents requirements related to system design or enhancement need
Translates business requirements into MBP configuration or alternatively, identifying gaps
Architects system parameterization to meet functional needs
Builds MBP expertise coupled with a solid knowledge of banking & accounting to assist & guide client in streamlining processes and procedures
Documents and performs system configuration with focus on triggering loan & deposit account events (i.e. interest accrual, interest posting, account maturity, loan billing, transaction processing) and in some cases manages system and back office processing (i.e. End of day processing, system balancing, exception reconciliation)
Creates detailed specifications from which solutions will be implemented
Analyzes marketplace, industry, technology trends, best practices, vendor products and services, etc.
Creates and/or modifies processes and procedures to achieve greater efficiencies and desired results
Assesses available functionality and recommends solutions to team
Writes test plans and test cases to ensure enhancements made to applications meet client needs and application integrity is maintained
Conducts a variety of tests during project lifecycle such as verification, integration, readiness and acceptance tests. Conducts tests using client data to be certain needs will be met
Influences clients, business partners and service providers regarding priorities, solutions and approaches to parameterization
Consults directly with clients and may travel to client site
Mentors, guides, advises less experienced team members
Plays a key role in educating client on enhancements, new solutions or procedures.
Serves as pre-sales support specialist when needed
Assisting Project Manager with risks, issues, and scope as well as helping to manage & set client expectations
Other related duties assigned as needed
What you bring:

EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS
Bachelors degree in computer science or information systems or the equivalent combination of education, training, or work experience.

GENERAL KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES
Excellent customer service skills that build high levels of satisfaction for both internal and external clients
Excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, e.g., executive, management, individual contributors
Willingly shares relevant product and/or industry knowledge and expertise
Excellent analytical, decision-making, problem-solving, interpersonal, team, negotiation, conflict management and time management skills
Ability to persuade and influence others on solutioning
Is resourceful and proactive in gathering information and sharing ideas
Knowledge of end-to-end systems development life cycles, i.e., waterfall, iterative and other modern approaches to software development and conversion methodologies
Bonus if you have:
Branch banking knowledge
Financial services software implementation proficiency
In-depth knowledge of FIS products and services and financial services industry
SQL and data analysis competency
What we offer you
A multifaceted job with a high degree of responsibility and a broad spectrum of opportunities
A wide range of professional education and personal development possibilities FIS is your final career step!
A competitive salary and benefits
A variety of career development tools, resources and opportunities
Privacy Statement

FIS is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all personal information that we process in order to provide services to our clients. For specific information on how FIS protects personal information online, please see the Online Privacy Notice.

EEOC Statement

FIS is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics. The EEO is the Law poster is available here supplement document available here

For positions located in the US, the following conditions apply. If you are made a conditional offer of employment, you will be required to undergo a drug test. ADA Disclaimer: In developing this job description care was taken to include all competencies needed to successfully perform in this position. However, for Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) purposes, the essential functions of the job may or may not have been described for purposes of ADA reasonable accommodation. All reasonable accommodation requests will be reviewed and evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

Sourcing Model

Recruitment at FIS works primarily on a direct sourcing model; a relatively small portion of our hiring is through recruitment agencies. FIS does not accept resumes from recruitment agencies which are not on the preferred supplier list and is not responsible for any related fees for resumes submitted to job postings, our employees, or any other part of our company.
