DutiesHelpDutiesSummaryWHAT IS THE HCO DIVISION? The Human Capital Office is dedicated to making the IRS an employer of choice and a leader in human capital planning and management. HCO's fundamental role is to ensure the success of every business unit by providing human capital strategies and tools for recruiting, hiring, developing, retaining, and transitioning a highly-skilled and high-performing workforce to support IRS mission accomplishments.See Other Information for Locations.Learn more about this agencyResponsibilitiesWHAT DOES A HUMAN RESOURCES ANALYST DO? As an HR Analyst in the Employment, Talent, and Security function of the HCO (Human Capital Office) organization, you will provide comprehensive and authoritative staff assistance in one or more HR disciplines or programs. In addition, the incumbent is responsible for accomplishing a variety of analytical studies or projects relating to substantive, mission-oriented programs for the Internal Revenue Service. The studies or projects involve complex programs, systems, or issues and have impact on multiple IRS locations and/or organizations.As a Human Resources Analyst you will:* Meet with managers and executives within the Service to define the overall goals and objectives of the program and project responsibilities.* Serve as an analyst and leader for the program area and assigned projects, providing expert advisory and consultative service on personnel management issues and special assigned projects.* Prepare directives, memoranda, written guidelines, and develop recommendations relating to projects; design and re-design written documentation, charts, and reports to meet program needs.* Establish a system to schedule, review, control, and report on project statuses. Adjust work plan for project accomplishment.* Research regulations, policies, and standards to develop and perform in-depth analyses. Conduct extensive research of project data, requirements, and impact; develop and present recommendations to high-level management.If you are selected at a lower grade level, you will have the opportunity to learn to perform all these duties, and will receive training to help you grow in this position.WHERE CAN I FIND OUT MORE ABOUT OTHER IRS CAREERS? If you want to find out more about IRS careers, visit us on the web at www.jobs.irs.govTravel RequiredOccasional travel - Travel may be required 1 to 5 days per monthSupervisory statusNoPromotion Potential13* Job family (Series)0201 Human Resources Management* RequirementsHelpRequirementsConditions of Employment* Please refer to "Other Information".* Click "Print Preview" to review the entire announcement before applying.* Must be a U.S. Citizen or National* IRS Employees with Career or Career Conditional Appointments* QualificationsYou must meet the following requirements by the closing date of this announcement:GS-07 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-5 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Performing routine recruitment and placement assignments; communicating factual and procedural HR information clearly, verbally, and in writing; experience utilizing automated HR information systems (e.g., HR Connect, NFC/TIMIS, Career Connector.) Experience researching and applying HR policies, regulations, laws, and OPM guidance; assisting with special projects and/or programs. OR You may substitute education for specialized experience as follows: 1 academic year of graduate education in a field of study such as: human resources, public administration, organizational psychology, or other administrative and management fields. OR Superior Academic Achievement may be met by having a Bachelor's degree, with one of the following: A GPA of 3.0 or higher on a 4.0 scale for all completed undergraduate courses or those completed in the last 2 years of study, or a GPA of 3.5 or higher on a 4.0 scale for all courses in the major field of study or those courses in the major completed in the last 2 years of study, or rank in the upper one third of the class in the college, university, or major subdivision, or membership in a national honor society recognized by the Association of College Honor Societies. OR Equivalent combination of qualifying graduate education and experience.GS-09 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-07 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Applying knowledge of recruitment and placement regulations, laws, and OPM guidance; providing comprehensive recruitment and placement staff assistance; experience assisting with conducting a variety of analytical studies and/or projects involving complex programs, systems, or issues having impact on multiple IRS locations and/or organizations; assisting with special projects and programs. Experience utilizing HR information systems (e.g., HR Connect, NFC/TIMIS, Career Connector.) OR You may substitute education for specialized experience as follows: A master's or equivalent graduate degree in a field of study such as: human resources, public administration, organizational psychology, or other administrative and management fields. OR 2 full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to a graduate degree in a field of study such as: human resources, organizational psychology, public administration or other administrative and management fields. OR LL.B or JD if related. OR Equivalent combination of graduate education and experience.GS-11 LEVEL: You must have 1 year of specialized experience at a level of difficulty and responsibility equivalent to the GS-09 grade level in the Federal service. Specialized experience for this position includes: Applying knowledge of recruitment and placement regulations, laws, and OPM guidance; providing in-depth and thorough recruitment and placement staff assistance; experience serving as an analyst for a program area, providing assistance and advice on personnel management issues and special projects and programs; experience conducting a variety of analytical studies and/or projects involving complex programs, systems, or issues having impact on multiple IRS locations and/or organizations. Experience utilizing HR information systems (e.g., HR Connect, NFC/TIMIS, Career Connector.) OR You may substitute education for specialized experience as follows: A Ph.D. or equivalent doctoral degree in a field of study such as: human resources, organizational psychology, public administration or other administrative and management field. OR 3 full years of progressively higher-level graduate education leading to a graduate degree in a field of study such as: human resources, organizational psychology, public administration or other administrative and management fields. One year of graduate education is creditable in accordance with its relationship to a year of full-time study at the school attended. OR LL.M., if related. OR Equivalent combination of graduate education and experience.For Grades 5 THRU 11: You may qualify by a combination of experience and education. Options for qualifying based on a combination will be identified in the online questions.* The experience may have been gained in the public sector, private sector or Volunteer Service. One year of experience refers to full-time work; part-timework is considered on a prorated basis.* To ensure full credit for your work experience, please indicate dates of employment by month/year, and indicate number of hours worked per week, on your resume.You must have been at the next lower grade level of the grade you are applying to for 52 weeks (time-in-grade requirement).Education
