Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Corporate Development team, the Capture Planning Analyst is responsible for supporting capture strategies, 18-24 months in advance of an opportunity through contract award. Activities and deliverables support leadership, in the timely delivery of projects and Pre-RFX content in support of new business development and retention of existing business.

Major accountabilities:
Collects, researches, analyzes, and synthesizes data from multiple sources that results in content that will best position AmeriHealth Caritas to successfully respond to an RFX.Data analyzed includes previous plan results, prior RFX responses, and associated scoring, including competitor scoring and capabilities.
Develops work plans that identify key tasks, owners and timeframes.Identifies when tasks may be moving to alert status and intervenes to assure that management is kept apprised.
Prepares presentations and documents for use by executive management, with editorially correct content, for the purposes of status updates and decision making.
Supports leadership toward providing solutions for RFX responses by working with SMEs, consultants, solutions development, product development, proposal developers and others.This support includes facilitating meetings, documenting results, and working with proposal developers to incorporate the solutions into the response.
Assesses and analyzes capture planning deliverables to construct a synthesized report out of results and makes recommendations on next steps.
Analyzes past and current capture planning processes and tools and makes recommendations for improvement; develops innovative solutions to improve results.
Supports the development and documentation of our Stage Gate process to monitor and implement targeted new business opportunities.
Education/Experience:
Bachelors Degree Required
1-3 years of related experience to include some prior analytical experience.
Detail oriented, ability to work in gray areas towards a solution.
Strong organizational and communication skills.
Demonstrated ability to learn and apply the learning in a business environment.
Ability to use multiple tools including the internet, subscription services, and existing documentation to perform research on specified topics.
Ability to synthesize and present information in a clear and concise manner.
Project management, business analysis
Microsoft office expertise in Word, PowerPoint, Excel and Visio. SharePoint experience is preferred.
Back
Share
Apply Now
