Transforming the future of healthcare isn't something we take lightly. It takes teams of the best and the brightest, working together to make an impact.

As one of the largest healthcare technology companies in the U.S., we are a catalyst to accelerate the journey toward improved lives and healthier communities.

Here at Change Healthcare, we're using our influence to drive positive changes across the industry, and we want motivated and passionate people like you to help us continue to bring new and innovative ideas to life.

If you're ready to embrace your passion and do what you love with a company that's committed to supporting your future, then you belong at Change Healthcare.

Pursue purpose. Champion innovation. Earn trust. Be agile. Include all.

Empower Your Future. Make a Difference.

The Business Systems Analyst (BSA) works with customers, services, developers, QA, sales, business analysts and product managers to identify, analyze, document and test requirements for new and existing solutions in Value Based Payments. The BSA translates business requirements into technical documentation and design used by developers from which reports, process automation and Business Managed Applications (BMA's) are developed. Create Functional Specifications and Technical Specifications for use in level of effort estimation, feature development and test case development.

Requirements
2 years experience in a BSA or similar role with a software company
Experience in quality assurance and user acceptance testing to ensure output meets the stated requirements
Ability to adapt to change and flexibility in prioritization and thinking
Strong writing and documentation
Excellent problem solving and analytical
Interviewing and facilitation
Excellent communication, collaborative colleague
Ability to adapt to change and flexibility in prioritization and thinking
Functional knowledge of technology and project management
Proficient in Excel, Power Point, Word
Preferred Skills
Experience working in SOC compliant process, adhering to practices that support consistent documentation, development and testing of software products
Experience with SQL
Experience in healthcare IT and data analytics preferred
Education
Bachelor's degree, preferably in technical or healthcare related field
Join our team today where we are creating a better coordinated, increasingly collaborative, and more efficient healthcare system!

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Statement

Change Healthcare is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, or veteran status. To read more about employment discrimination protections under federal law, read EEO is the Law at https://www.eeoc.gov/employers/upload/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf and the supplemental information at https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/OFCCP_EEO_Supplement_Final_JRF_QA_508c.pdf.

If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to applyaccommodations@changehealthcare.com with "Applicant requesting reasonable accommodation" as the subject. Resumes or CVs submitted to this email box will not be accepted.

Click here https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/pay-transp_%20English_formattedESQA508c.pdf to view our pay transparency nondiscrimination policy.

Change Healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.
