To continue our growth path, we need a Data Analyst who thrives working with large data sets to create & analyze reports & prove out multiple scenarios that support business decisions across all areas of the business. This is a highly impactful role as you’ll work across every step of the analytics process from problem identification, data gathering, and data cleansing, to developing thoughtful analysis and making presentation of findings.
The Turn5 business is built on using data – not opinions – to guide the path forward. Turn5 boasts industry leading business strategies. Those strategies come from smart people armed with the right data and analysts to challenge their thinking, provide insights & pounce on opportunities.
You will be challenged to work collaboratively across all departments to spread the use of data and knowledge to make better decisions throughout the company. One minute you might be using custom SQL code to build reports that help analyze a new data set, the next minute collaborating with our department leads to analyze KPI reports, and the next minute partnering with your peers to gather, cleanse and move data to maintain integrity. Regardless of the task, it’s critical you have strong situational awareness and EQ as you’ll work with diverse stakeholders across the organization.
If your passionate about data & analysis and want to work with people who believe in the power of analysis, join us!

Responsibilities
Year 1 is going to be about:
Discovering opportunities for improvement and provide recommendations for improvement within Turn5's strategy to drive incremental operational success
Working with team of Data Engineers to ensure performance reliability of dashboards and visualizations available via Tableau Server
Using custom SQL to improve data structure, optimize/automate data flow, and build custom reports
Collaborating with representatives from across Turn5's departments to contribute to analytics and data integration projects
Performing ad-hoc reporting analysis for all Turn5 business functions
Performing ad-hoc analysis to help predict performance or to assist future decisions
Managing our analytics project and ticketing system, ensuring the highest impact projects are prioritized and ensuring quality scoping of projects
Being presented with business problems and doing any required aspects (data identification, data cleansing, data movement, analysis, etc.) to figure out the cause and how to improve performance

Qualifications
We can’t skip over some of the specific skills and experience we know are a “must” to be successful. So, we need you to have:
BA/BS in IT, marketing, e-commerce, economics, mathematics, or other related degrees & at minimum 1-2 years of experience working in a similar capacity
BA/BS degree requirement can be substituted for 3+ years of related work experience
Excellent analytical skills: including being able to quality-assure, clean, and analyze large data sets to draw conclusions and propose recommendations
6 months - 2 years of experience with MS SQL Server 2012+
Comfortable with implementing basic statements for DDL (SELECT, INSERT, DELETE & MERGE).
6 months - 2 years of experience working in/moving data from Tableau, Google Analytics, or any other analytics platforms
Data centric experience working with various applications (OMS, WMS, etc.) implemented within an eCommerce setting would be a plus
Proficiency in Excel
