Penn Medicine is dedicated to our tripartite mission of providing the highest level of care to patients, conducting innovative research, and educating future leaders in the field of medicine. Working for this leading academic medical center means collaboration with top clinical, technical and business professionals across all disciplines.

Today at Penn Medicine, someone will make a breakthrough. Someone will heal a heart, deliver hopeful news, and give comfort and reassurance. Our employees shape our future each day. Are you living your life's work?

Position Description:
The Quality Data Analyst gathers healthcare data from various sources within the organization to accomplish quality/performance improvement goals. The individual must have an understanding of healthcare quality and keep abreast of current -upcoming issues that require action to stay ahead of the rapidly changing healthcare environment. Provides data analysis to drive clinical and operational process changes which can lead to improved patient outcomes. Must have the ability to present information in a concise and effective manner with the ability to tailor messaging to the specific audience (e.g. physicians, senior management, department directors and managers, as well as front line staff.)

Minimum Requirements:
High School diploma, Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Health Care Administration, Statistics, Computer Science or other related field is required. And General understanding of Performance Improvement processes, including lean methodology. Knowledge of quality management/performance improvement/patient safety.

Additional Information:

We believe that the best care for our patients starts with the best care for our employees. Our employee benefits programs help our employees get healthy and stay healthy. We offer a comprehensive compensation and benefits program that includes one of the finest prepaid tuition assistance programs in the region. Penn Medicine employees are actively engaged and committed to our mission. Together we will continue to make medical advances that help people live longer, healthier lives.

Penn Medicine http://www.pennmedicine.org/careers/

Live Your Life's Work

EOE/AA, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran

We are an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. Candidates are considered for employment without regard to race, ethnicity, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, national origin, ancestry, age, disability, marital status, familial status, genetic information, domestic or sexual violence victim status, citizenship status, military status, status as a protected veteran or any other status protected by applicable law.
