Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

As Senior Capture Planning Analyst at AmeriHealth Caritas you will support business and proposal development functions in a team environment by focusing on the analysis, design and development of content and/or solutions for Requests For Proposals, Requests For Information, and other like state/customer issued requests (RFXs). During the capture planning phase you will organize collaborative working sessions of functional and Medicaid industry specialists, assisting in the strategy and definition of content and/or solutions. To be successful you will maintain a focus on detail to ensure deliverables are of the highest caliber and address market priorities. You will use established processes and methods, but will also be challenged to suggest new ideas, tools, and improve processes.

Major Accountabilities:
Identify and recommend existing content and/or solutions that most closely address the customers requirements.
Work with market leadership, Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) and business development as part of capture planning to identify responsive content and/or solutions.
Research, aggregate and analyze findings; synthesize large quantities of information, extract meaningful insights, and communicate recommendations in support of developing content and/or solutions to address market-specific customer priorities.
Lead work stream(s) and collaborate with cross functional team members to deliver content and/or solutions with supporting documentation for inclusion in RFX responses.
Share information/knowledge in a timely, collaborative and useful way to improve the quality of RFX responses.
Create visuals, tables or other documentation to represent concepts; perform analysis and succinctly communicate findings.
Manage the progress of content and/or solution development and suggest appropriate placement in the RFX response.
Document and transition the agreed upon content and/or solutions to proposal team members for inclusion in the RFX response.
Review RFX response and collaborate with the Proposal Manager and Proposal Writers to ensure that key points of the content and/or solutions are accurately reflected and appropriately placed.
Education & Experience:
Bachelors Degree or equivalent work experience.
An ideal candidate is motivated to deliver high quality work, uses their intellect, attention to detail, and strong communication skills while embracing a collaborative mind-set.
3-5 years of experience analyzing, designing, and delivering solutions to address business challenges in an easily digestible format.
At least 3 - 5 years of experience in identifying critical components of business problems, aggregating and synthesizing large quantities of information, extracting and communicating key points, performing analysis and making recommendations.
Consulting background and Shipley training is a plus.
Other Skills:
Knowledge of Health Care industry.
Ability to quickly digest large amounts of information.
Success working in a fast paced environment with changing priorities.
Experience in self-directing projects from conception through completion within established deadlines.
Plus: an understanding of proposal creation and response processes.
Back
Share
Apply Now
