Friday, July 10, 2020

Program Manager / Business Data Analyst

Versant Health bringing you Davis Vision and Superior Vision is a leading provider of vision and eye health solutions. We offer a full spectrum of services in the vision care marketplace. Our mission is very real to our members: we help them enjoy the wonders of sight through healthy eyes and vision. What you do as a Versant Health Associate matters. 33 million Americans count on us to provide access to annual eye exams and corrective eyewear. We are here to change the face of vision care, and together we will make this happen.


Great Environment

We are dedicated to you– we provide a professional work environment, competitive benefits, equal opportunities and potential to grow with us. We guide you to what’s right for you- as leaders in the industry, we guide and coach Associates to give them opportunities to reach their full professional potential. We think ahead for you- you’ll enjoy a variety of benefits for those times when you need extra support.

Scope and Purpose of Position

The Project Manager will work on coordinating people and processes across all levels of the organization, to drive execution and to ensure projects are delivered on time, within scope, on budget and with the desired results. You will be the go-to person for everything involving a project’s organization, scope, tasks, deliverable and timeline. Specific responsibilities include creating a detailed scope of work and project plan, defining work tasks, scheduling and ensuring resource availability and allocation, managing risks, and delivering all projects on time and to the customer’s expectations provide decision support, business forecasting and operational planning, ongoing business modeling and analysis with a focus on supporting provider operations.

Essential Functions
Collaborate with Demand & Inventory Planners to develop and maintain size profiles in forecasting system.
Recommend development of new size profiles to increase service level/fill rate and drive business performance.
Create & analyze forecast accuracy & bias reports. Develop enhancements to improve results. Show continuous improvement in forecast accuracy.
Analyze historical demand, filter out outliers/exceptions, and propose improvement opportunities
Support inventory management team in ad hoc analysis across supply chain KPI’s
Ability to manage and keep multiple commitments simultaneously with excellent multitasking skills.
Ability to build relationships via direct contact with people of all levels both internally and external.
Create and deliver metrics, reporting platforms and analytical models critical for tracking and managing the business
Build reports, dashboards, and other data representation models from scratch
Understand various teams’ objectives, the metrics that are the most important to them, and how they measure their performance
Turn business requirements into technical requirements
Drive insights through rigorous analytics on business performance and cohesive, well laid out presentation of the data and recommendations
Create dashboards with KPIs for a variety of stakeholders
Ability to wireframe, write use cases, write business/functional requirement documents, review with Design and Development teams, gather sign-offs, and support Go-Live
Drive organizational change through a period of high growth, building the systems and infrastructure to support that growth
Education & Experience
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Math, or related technical field involving coding, or equivalent practical experience (8 years of additional experience can be substituted for education)
5+ years' relevant experience in business analysis and project management
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
PMP certification a plus
Six Sigma black belt certification a plus
Strong Communication, Presentation and Facilitation Skills. Must be able to explain data quality issues and impacts to a non-technical audience
Experience with Forecast Analyst role
Able to collaborate with colleagues in Sales, Planning, Product, Finance and Sourcing functions as well as partner with others to achieve goals
Experience in Business Intelligence Tools such as SSMS, PowerBI and Excel
Experience working in an environment using Agile methodology
Experience in Analytical concepts such as dimensional modeling, data visualization, analytical mindset
Availability to travel outside the home city at least 10% of the time.
Proven track record of delivering projects on time, in scope and at budget


Competencies
Critical thinking- ability to take in information from multiple sources asses and apply leanings to achieve issue resolution and situation optimization
Accuracy - Exhibit sound and accurate judgment and demonstrate accuracy and thoroughness
Adaptability/flexibility - Ability to work onsite and participate in interactive onsite meetings on a regular and predictable basis
Attention to detail - Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals
Collaboration - Ability to initiate immediate interaction, coordination and collaboration with team members, clients, customers etc.
Communication - Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or Associates of the organization
Prioritization/organization – Self Starter, Organized, detail oriented
Problem solving/analysis - Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists
Technical capacity - Ability to write routine reports and correspondence
We provide equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all associates and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religious beliefs, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, national origin, ancestry, physical or mental disability or history of disability, genetic information, status as a protected veteran or disabled veteran, or any other status protected by Federal, state or local law.

If you are prohibited from working on a government contract, this may disqualify you from consideration for this position.

Other details
Job Family
Individual Contributor
Pay Type
Salary
