Position Description:
Summary:
The Senior Marketing Business Analyst reports directly to the VP of Marketing Business Analytics and is responsible for gathering the necessary information and data to provide analysis for marketing needs. The Senior Analyst is responsible for developing complex reporting with an understanding of current business processes and metrics as they relate to the mortgage industry.

Essential Job Functions:
Analyze & report on the performance of key marketing metrics to gauge trends, benchmarks, and performance of Marketing Campaigns
Derive value by analyzing customer data and identifying marketing opportunities
Partner with internal customers including Call Center and finance colleagues in developing marketing analysis and reports
Execute recurring / Ad hoc direct marketing analysis and dashboards
Creates and maintains documentation regarding all analysis and reporting
Plays a key role in educating the Business on reporting and analytics solutions
Manages and maintains current report catalog including automating manual reports as well as improvements to existing reports.
Manages reporting for additions, modifications or deletions to data and the reporting environment.
Other duties may be assigned
Other Related Duties:
Performs other related duties as assigned. Supervisory Responsibilities: This position has no supervisory responsibilities.
Qualifications:
To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.

Strong working knowledge of SAS, SQL and Oracle (or similar) relational databases
Experience with marketing analytics and database • Proven analytical skills in data mining, data manipulation, report development and visualization
5+ years of Marketing Analytics or similar practical experience in financial services industry – preferably mortgage or credit card
Proficiency in initiating, establishing and maintaining relationships with the business community
Experience with BI report development tools such as Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS), Tableau, Business Objects, or other data visualization tools
Ability to transform data into a story
Attention to details, ability to QC your own work

Desired but not necessary:
Prior project management experience
Knowledge of the mortgage industry

Education and/or Experience:
Bachelor’s degree or higher in Economics, Finance, Computer Science or related analytical fields
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Proven ability to think creatively in complex situations
Proficiency with Microsoft Office tools (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)
Must be flexible and comfortable in a fast paced environment with shifting priorities, projects and timelines

Language Skills:
Strong written skill desired. Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or government regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.

Reasoning Ability:
Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.

#CB
Founded in Mount Laurel, NJ in 1990, Freedom Mortgage has since grown into one of the largest and fastest-growing privately owned full-service residential lenders in the USA. Licensed in all 50 states, Washington D.C., Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, Freedom Mortgage has over 5000 employees nationwide, proudly servicing $225.6 billion, and is still growing.

Our mission is to foster homeownership in America. Freedom is a leader in VA mortgage lending and is one of the mortgage industry’s largest philanthropic supporters of the USO and military families through its Team Freedom Cares philanthropic arm.

Locations include suburban Philadelphia and Fishers, IN, two regions where we were named Top Workplaces. We also have large operating centers countrywide, including these desirable markets: Beaverton , OR; Boca Raton, FL; Columbia, MD; Jacksonville, FL; Melville, NY; Plano, TX; San Dimas, CA; Tempe, AZ; Troy, MI and Woodbridge, VA.

If you seek a sense of community, top training, opportunity for advancement, a comprehensive benefits package and reward and recognition program, look no further.

Freedom Mortgage Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration without regard to age, race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, or their status as a protected veteran or an individual with disabilities. Local applicants encouraged to apply. Employment contingent upon successful completion of background investigation. Smoke-free workplace. Drug-free work environment. Excellent benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k). All resumes are held in confidence. Only candidates whose profiles closely match requirements will be contacted during this search. LENDER NMLS ID:2767

Equal Opportunity Employer- Minorities/Females/Disabled/Veterans
