Job Description
Use Your Experience To Help Businesses Grow!

This position will analyze the data gathered through Global Resources’ Business Survey and consult with individual clients and recommend services that would benefit their business.

Global Resources, LLC is the largest full-service business development firm serving small to mid-sized businesses throughout the US. Through the coordinated efforts of our corporate headquarters and field service personnel; Global Resources installs proven methods, systems, controls and incentives to enable business owners and their managers to maintain positive cash flow, control costs, and accelerate the growth of their companies.

As a Senior Business Analyst, you will analyze small to medium-sized businesses; determine the financial impact of ownership decision-making, corporate structure, business planning and industry benchmarking. At the conclusion of the analysis, the Senior Business Analyst and the client will decide if it makes sense to move into the implementation phase, utilizing the resources of Global Resources Consulting Services Division. Analysts are given the tools and trained in the skills necessary to accomplish this task. However, successful analysts have attributes that cannot be taught. They are strong, dynamic, confident teachers, communicators and leaders with exceptional understanding and empathy.

This position requires 10 years of executive, sales or business ownership experience, analytical skills and the ability to communicate effectively with business owners, senior management and boards of directors. Ideal candidates for this position are individuals who have previously owned their own businesses and/or have held upper management positions for a minimum of five years. This is a full time employee position. A four-year degree is strongly preferred but we will consider candidates with strong business experience. 75%-90% travel-home on weekends.

Global Resources offers a comprehensive training program; full benefits pkg. with 401k; this is not a salaried position-this is a fully commissioned employee position with the average first year in the low six figures and higher thereafter.

Please forward resume:

Equal Opportunity Employer
Company Description
Global Resources, LLC is the largest full-service business development firm serving small to mid-sized businesses throughout the US. Through the coordinated efforts of our corporate headquarters and field service personnel; Global Resources installs proven methods, systems, controls and incentives to enable business owners and their managers to maintain positive cash flow, control costs, and accelerate the growth of their companies.
