Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

Responsibilities:

Develop, manage, and drive the implementation of workforce analytics for the call center. Analyze call center trends including call volume, call handling efficiency, staff productivity and resource allocation to ensure the efficiency and productivity of the call center. Provide recommendations to improve call center processes as needed. Interpret call handling efficiency and volume to develop call/staff forecasting and scheduling.

Education/ Experience:
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience required.
3 to 5 years experience.
Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel, Access, Infopath.
Expert in workforce software such as Verint, Aspect, IEX or other workforce application solutions.
Producing data-driven analysis to solve business problems.
Completes analysis and project work relating to WFM to provide insight into business solutions.
Performing and developing strategic analysis of workforce management real time activities to help support business goals.
Engage in business initiatives to ensure the impact of changes will be measurable.
Perform analysis of call center trends including call volume, call handling efficiency and quality, staff productivity, and resource allocation. Serve as mentor to less experienced staff.
Identify operational issues and prepare recommendations to improve call center efficiency.
Participate in the development of staffing forecasts and work schedules based on anticipated call volumes and service level expectations.
Monitor inbound call volume and distribution of calls to staff. Provide recommendations to improve call center service levels, anticipate future call coverage needs, and ensure adequate staffing levels.
Perform real time schedule adherence and call queue monitoring. Identify trends and provide solutions to remediate any queue issues.
Assist team with department initiatives and projects such as back office and the proactive outreach manager.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Experience in Data mining.
Back
Share
Apply Now
