Title Business Systems Analyst 3 Location King of Prussia, PA Duration 4 months+ Compensation 40.00 to 50.00 hourly Work Requirements , GC Holders or Authorized to Work in the US Overview TekPartners has some of the most sought after Information Technology positions available. As a reputable company in the IT staffing industry, you can trust us to place you in the right position. We currently have an opportunity for a Business Systems Analyst 3 Qualifications Must be an active consultative client facing participant within the assigned team structure to ensure quality client deliveries within targeted timeframes based upon work effort and allocation. Minimum Job Qualifications 3+years of experience in health care combining first hand payor and consulting experience Medical claims experience within payor environment ideal. SDLC exposure needed. o Customer's Business skills Understands payor environments and claims management High level understanding of different customer segments (national, strategic andor specialized business) High level understanding of claim architecture, infrastructure, and multiple platforms Discusses customer issues (pains and trends) confidently with customers Understands medical terminology, healthcare industry terminology and medical coding terminology Must be able to articulate the clinical value of products and services provided to clients Delivers presentations effectively to the customer Able to understand and articulate ClaimsXten rules development Conducts customer meetingstrainings efficiently and effectively High-level proficiency in the following software Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Visio General Office conditions Travel 10 to 15 Education Bachelor's Degree in computer science, healthcare related field, or equivalent business experience Responsibilities The Payment Accuracy Advisor (PAA) is responsible for understanding their assigned clients claim systems and payment policies so they may document requirements for implementing services and rule engine components either during the initial andor subsequent phase of implementation. They are also responsible for supporting their clients during maintenance periods which may require researching issues, analyzing software behavior and remediating defects. Our benefits package includes bull Comprehensive Medical Benefits bull Competitive Pay, 401K bull Retirement Plan bull And Much More About TekPartners TekPartners is one of the fastest growing private staffing firms in the United States. We are a premier provider of highly qualified IT talent, Workforce Solutions and Business Intelligence Solutions to many enterprise organizations across the nation. As experts in the industry, our team continues to match proven talent to the right job opportunity every day. TekPartners is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
