Your career starts now. Were looking for the next generation of health care leaders.

At AmeriHealth Caritas, were passionate about helping people get care, stay well and build healthy communities. As one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions, we offer our associates the opportunity to impact the lives of millions of people through our national footprint of products, services and award-winning programs. AmeriHealth Caritas is seeking talented, passionate individuals to join our team. Together we can build healthier communities. If you want to make a difference, wed like to hear from you.

Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 30 years of experience. We deliver comprehensive, outcomes-driven care to those who need it most. We offer integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Discover more about us at www.amerihealthcaritas.com.

PerformRx is a Pharmacy Benefits Manager (PBM) dedicated to clinical culture, boutique service and holistic solutions. Our mission is to help customers, doctors and patients use effective medication therapy to improve health and wellness. For more than 15 years, our focus has been on providing optimal service through a clinical culture which seeks to provide members with high quality care while ensuring our partners receive favorable costs. That culture is reflected in our employees; more than 80 percent of our staff members are Pharmacists and Pharmacy Technicians, and in the services we provide.

PerformRx is headquartered in Philadelphia with offices on both coasts, leading to better pharmacy benefit management across the nation. Our dedication to innovation and to providing the most efficacious outcomes is the core of our clinical culture and is the heart of PerformRx. PerformRx is a subsidiary of the AmeriHealth Caritas Family of Companies.

Summary:

To ensure continuous improvement of processes; continuously reviews and refines processes and plans for improvements by collecting and interpreting data and by developing recommendations and presenting summary findings to department leadership.

Responsibilities:
Understand CMS guidance related to PDE processing and reporting
Problem solving ability and experience with managing multiple assignments with critical deadlines
Analyze and interpret encounter data to identify potential issues and trends
Monitor, manage and audit monthly data submission ensuring timely and accurate submissions
Coordinate efforts to perform corrections and report on encounter data rejects within guidelines
Responsible for set-up, coordination, and troubleshooting of all pharmacy data files including eligibility
Work with the downstream processes from adjudication (i.e., PDEs, Encounters, and all State required data files)
Engage as a Subject-Matter Expert (SME) on pharmacy data particularly PDE, Encounter, and Eligibility data
Ensure the data integrity of various pharmacy data sources including claims, PDE Acumen, and other vendor data is maintained throughout the process of importing and storing
Prepare analysis on PDE errors and out of balance records, validates claim adjudication to plan design and PDE
Ensure all work is completed within timeline allowed by CMS
Business Partner to corporate IS for new initiatives, trouble shooting file transfers, and project related tasks
Responsible for the overall management of all PerformRx web-based and E-Business offerings including but not limited to web site design and maintenance, Member, Provider and Client Portals, Electronic transactions with internal and external vendors and Intranet sites
Performs other related duties and projects as assigned by the department Director or Regional Supervisor
Supports and carries out the PerformRx Mission & Values.
Adheres to all AmeriHealth Caritas and PerformRx policies and procedures.
Maintains a current knowledge base of PerformRx programs, services, policy and procedures.
Regularly reviews and adheres to standard operating guidelines, desktop procedures, checklists, templates, and memorandums issued to the department.
Creates and supports an environment which fosters teamwork, cooperation, respect and diversity.
Establishes and maintains positive communication and professional demeanor with PerformRx employees and customers at all times.
Demonstrates and supports commitment to corporate goals and objectives.
Education/Experience:
High School Diploma or equivalent required; Bachelor's degree preferred
CPhT certification preferred
Minimum one (1) year of PBM, Medicare, Medicaid, and/or Compliance experience required
Claims knowledge and/or experience is a plus
Minimum three (3) years of SAS, SQL, or comparable programming language is preferred
Progressive and focused work experience in continuous improvement initiatives, project management, and/or organizational development
Back
Share
Apply Now
