PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY:

The Senior Strategy Analyst is the highly technical member of the Strategy & Business Development team who specializes in the creative use of databases, statistical models and traditional/non-traditional data sources to create analytically rigorous, actionable insights and recommendations that drive business decision-making.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Tells compelling stories with data: generates insights with Big and little data, using established and innovative, creative sources; makes novel connections between data sets
Uses artistic visualization techniques and tools (e.g., Tableau, Qlik, Mapping/GIS) to make information memorable
Generates predictive analytics: utilizes statistics, complex modeling, data mining and machine learning techniques to make reasonable forecasts given the informed assumptions about the future
Manages timely flow of business intelligence information to users on complex, high profile projects.
Sources and maintains library of diverse data sources, model documents, templates, and other reusable knowledge assets.
Interacts with co-workers, visitors, and other staff consistent with the core values of the Hospital.
EDUCATIONAL/TRAINING REQUIREMENTS:
Bachelor’s in statistics, computer science or business required
Master’s degree in statistics, computer science or business preferred
EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:
Minimum of 5 years’ experience working in a fast-paced, ever-changing, service-oriented environment as part of a high-performing team
Access, SQL, Oracle and/or other database/systems experience preferred
Jefferson Health delivers state of the art healthcare services to patients throughout the Delaware Valley and southern New Jersey. Jefferson (Philadelphia University + Thomas Jefferson University) provides more than 8,400 full and part-time students from nearly 40 states and 40 countries with 21st century professional education. Combined, we have over 30,000 employees.

Jefferson Health, with 14 hospitals (seven are Magnet designated by the ANCC for nursing excellence) and 40+ outpatient and urgent care locations, offers a broad range of primary and complex, highly specialized care that touches the lives of more than four million patients annually. U.S. News & World Report has ranked Thomas Jefferson University Hospital among the nation’s best in eight specialties. Jefferson Health also includes the NCI designated Sidney Kimmel Cancer Center; it is one of only 70 such centers in the nation.

Thomas Jefferson University has ten colleges and three schools that offer more than 160 undergraduate and graduate programs. Our University is dedicated to inter-professional and transdisciplinary approaches to learning that offer a vibrant and expandable platform for professional education. Through this unique model, we are preparing our students for current and yet to be imagined careers.

As an employer, Jefferson maintains a commitment to provide equal access to employment. Jefferson values diversity and encourages applications from women, members of minority groups, LGBTQ individuals, disabled individuals, and veterans.
