At AstraZeneca we turn ideas into life changing medicines. Working here means being entrepreneurial, thinking big and working together to make the impossible a reality. We're focused on the potential of science to address the unmet needs of patients around the world. We commit to those areas where we think we can really change the course of medicine and bring big new ideas to life.

AstraZeneca's vision in Oncology is to help patients by redefining the cancer-treatment paradigm, with the aim of eliminating cancer as a cause of death. A broad pipeline of next-generation medicines is focused principally on four disease areas - breast, ovarian, lung and hematological cancers. As well as other tumor types, these are being targeted through four key platforms - immunotherapy, the genetic drivers of cancer and resistance, DNA damage repair, and antibody drug conjugates, underpinned by personalized healthcare and biomarker technologies.

We are currently seeking a skilled Field Business Analyst for the HER2/ Antibody Drug Conjugate (ADC) Franchise who will work closely with Oncology sales leadership to proactively embed business insight, analysis and interpretation, in order to inform regional, district, and local sales trends and priorities.

This individual will serve as:
A strategic thought partner to the business, involved in identification, tracking, and interpretation of territory, district, and regional data sources (leading and lagging)
A local expert in caveats and limitations for each data source and its interpretation, as well as proactive identification of needed data sources
A fully embedded resource who can adapt local insights to district, regional, or national level and back the other way
A coach and mentor who would elevate the full teams understanding and interpretation of their data and their business
Key responsibilities:
Manage the data analysis for assigned Franchise for the region: partner with the CBD to determine the data needs for the CBD/DSMs and field teams. Develop weekly/monthly/quarterly trackers & reports based of off this need. Update these trackers and disseminate to the leadership team.
Embed performance and insights conversations on a regular basis with each regional and district team. Deepen understanding of utility and caveats for each data source, and what insight and action each data set can best inform.
Collaborate across partner region teams and with national I&A teams to share local, district, & regional insights, as well as to understand national trends and how they may relate to local performance and trends
Participate on weekly leadership calls: Work with CBD & DSMs to develop agendas and disseminate prior to call in order to ensure the team is prepared to engage and participate & their needs are met.
Support analytical preparation, integration & alignment for business review discussions
Essential requirements:
5 years of Oncology field sales experience
Analytical skills and willingness to learn and apply analytical techniques and data visualizations
Fluency / Expertise with MS Excel & PowerPoint
Ability to travel frequently throughout Region
Excellent communication skills and business acumen
