Location Name: San Antonio, TX
Job/Requisition ID: [[id]]
Location Address: 19100 Ridgewood Park, San Antonio, TX, United States (US), 78259
Education Level: High School Diploma/ GED Required
Relevant Experience Level: Entry Level (1-3 Years)
Employee Group: Regular - Full Time
Employee Subgroup: Salaried Exempt

Responsibilities:
Coordinate swift remediation of systems/workflow issues to drive high availability of T&R systems (TMW, PeopleNet, PC Miler, Telapoint, Salesforce etc.)
Collaborate with vendor teams, internal Shared services, and business teams to develop and implement solutions.
Manage onboarding/deletion of equipment/drivers/locations and vendor setup activities with a goal to reduce overall costs.
Develop and execute business processes for superior data quality and minimizing manual intervention.
Be the SME to facilitate upgrades and Go-Live of new system features.
Consultation/mentoring for end user questions and ad-hoc training needs.
Be inclusive and seek ideas/inputs from stakeholders/peers.
Internal motivation to learn, grow, and make an impact by supporting daily operations and engaging in value added projects.
Qualifications:

Transportation/Dispatch experience is a MUST.

Ability to learn and utilize technology to improve efficiencies.

Problem solving and organization skills for solution creation- including consolidating inputs, planning, and follow-through to completion.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills are necessary to work with both internal and external customers.

#LI-JK1

About Marathon Petroleum Corporation

Marathon Petroleum Corporation is a leading, integrated, downstream energy company headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. The company operates the nation’s largest refining system with more than 3 million barrels per day of crude oil capacity across 16 refineries. Marathon Petroleum's marketing system includes branded locations across the United States, including Marathon branded outlets. Speedway LLC, a Marathon Petroleum subsidiary, owns and operates retail convenience stores across the United States. MPC also owns the general partner and majority limited partner interest in MPLX LP, a midstream company which owns and operates gathering, processing, and fractionation assets, as well as crude oil and light product transportation and logistics infrastructure.

Travel Expected: Up to 25%

Marathon Petroleum Company LP is an Equal Opportunity Employer and gives consideration for employment to qualified applicants without discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, national origin, genetic information, military, veteran status, marital status, citizenship or any other status protected by applicable federal, state, or local laws. If you would like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant, click here.

If you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application process at Marathon Petroleum LP, please contact our Human Resources Department at talentacquisition@marathonpetroleum.com. Please specify the reasonable accommodation you are requesting, along with the job posting number in which you may be interested. A Human Resources representative will review your request and contact you to discuss a reasonable accommodation.

Equal Opportunity Employer: Veteran / Disability

Marathon Petroleum Company LP participates in the E-Verify program in some states in which it operates (including AL, AZ, GA, MS, NC, SC, TN, and UT). For more information before proceeding, please see details in English or Spanish. Right to Work Statement English or Spanish.
