Job Description
Are you passionate about data and technology? Would you like to be on the forefront of innovation, working towards a career in a fast-paced environment with the resources of an established brand? Then you might be a perfect fit for the DCI Apprenticeship Program.

What is the Apprenticeship experience like?
As a way to accelerate your growth, you'll participate in DCI's Data Analyst Apprenticeship Program remotely while working for a local data company. Prior to the apprenticeship program start date, you’ll receive 8 weeks of in-demand skills acceleration, coaching, and interview preparation in the Pre-Apprenticeship program which is also remote.
After the pre-apprenticeship, you'll start the apprenticeship in a cohort of 10+ apprentices and complete the program over 12 months. You’ll attend remote evening sessions twice a week where you’ll dive deep into all things data including business analysis using various techniques, e.g. statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, python, coding, and data mining. You'll complete milestones along the way like earning data certifications to validate your skills, module portfolio projects, etc.

You will also receive support from top industry coaches and mentors to progress through your personal and professional goals, skills roadmap, while also demonstrating new knowledge and competencies through hands-on application with your portfolio project. Furthermore, DCI’s Data Analyst Apprenticeship Program is an official registered apprenticeship recognized by the Department of Labor (DOL). Every graduate of a Registered Apprenticeship program receives a nationally-recognized credential from the DOL.

Key qualifications for the Data Engineering Apprentice Role:
Because we understand that you’re just beginning your career, we’re committed to your learning and growth. We’re seeking candidates who have the following requirements.
Bachelor's degree
Strong computer skills, including experience with programming languages (Python, Java, SQL, R, etc.)
Data visualization
Experience with Microsoft Office tools, especially creating/ maintaining Excel spreadsheets
High level of attention to detail and problem-solving ability
Ability to accurately sort and analyze data
Ability to communicate ideas both verbally and in writing
Must be willing to learn additional data engineering and analytics toolsets
This opportunity entails sitting as well as working at a computer for extended periods of time. You should be able to communicate by telephone, email, or face to face. U.S. citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.

Important Note:
Learn more about the Data Analyst Apprenticeship program on our website before you apply. http://bit.ly/DCIDataAnalyst

After, submit your apprenticeship application to get started: https://bit.ly/3fwJKC4
