Purpose of Job
Provides analysis and business information related to specific business functions, process, and applications. Works at a developing skill-level to support business analytics and decision-making processes.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)
Analyzes business and technical information and provides analytical support to business decisions making.
Collaborates with internal customers to understand business needs and opportunities.
Provides intermediate level analysis for planning and implementation of systems and upgrades and process changes.
Coordinates, prepares, and delivers training to customers and peers that cover new or upgraded applications and processes.
Participates in developing and/or maintaining business analytics and decision support solutions.
Performs and coordinates business and application support.
Analyzes discrepancies and system failures.
Facilitates and performs resolution activities to minimize business impact and avoid future exposure.
Informs team leadership and business partners of business implications associated with those events and develops recommendations to mitigate future impact.
Advises customers on matters related to overall business analytics and decision support solutions.
Maintains developing understanding of business processes, supporting applications, and strategic direction.
Collaborates and exchanges information with team members, customers, and information services to ensure dependencies, risks, and opportunities are identified.
Minimum Experience:
Bachelor's Degree OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree (6 years of experience total in lieu of a degree).
2 or more years progressive operational systems or data support experience.
Developing knowledge of Microsoft Office tools.
Successful completion of an analyst assessment may be required.
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred:
2+ years direct experience in debit card and/or deposit systems and operations, including transaction and settlement flows related to MasterCard PTS and PIN networks.
2+ years direct experience / working knowledge of industry best practices relating to card issuance and transaction processing.
1+ years direct experience/working knowledge of EMV/Chip card processing.
Demonstrated success in planning, organizing, and implementing efforts.
2+ years direct experience with Agile development project efforts.
Working knowledge of bank regulations and card association/PIN network operating rules.
Proven analytical and technical skills in fast-paced, changing environment.
Technical skills including EZTrieve, TSO, ACL, data analysis.
1+ years direct experience working with strategic vendors
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits package in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

USAA also offers a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores and three fitness centers.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement), or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/21/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
