Description The Contact Center Analyst will support the operation of the Contact center by understanding and documenting business needs for the routing and management of member and provider calls to the company. This person will support routing design, testing, analysis of new and existing capabilities, integration of third party applications to the contact center, and generally ensure the effective and highly reliable performance of the contact center infrastructure in meeting the business' goals and objectives. Responsibilities Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: · Conduct business process analysis and requirements gathering sessions · Develop user stories and functional requirement specifications for consolidated Contact Center web applications · Assist in method definition for API integration to third party applications · Clearly communicate with clients and project teams via email and conference calls · Coordinate product deployments and write release communications · Ensure collaborative outcomes by establishing and promoting strong client partnerships · Work collaboratively with PMO, Design, IT, Development, QA, and Business Analysis teams · Develop and drive QA/UAT testing · Responsible for the successful definition, testing, management, and launch of Contact Center infrastructure upgrades, changes, and new features Minimum Qualifications/Requirements: Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business, or Marketing. Other disciplines or experience substitutions maybe considered. 3-4 years of experience in a BA role with increasing responsibility Has written user stories Experience with Call Center or Contact Center Software, including Avaya products, IVRs, sentiment analysis systems, etc. Integration experience with third party applications Requirements gathering, data modeling, API integration, and specifications for new web applications Relational databases and SQL query tools. Specific experience with Contact Center specific data tools like Oracle EOM. QA use cases, QA testing, and Bug Tracking tools Software Project Management Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills Proficiency in Microsoft Outlook, Excel, and Word is a must Scheduled Weekly Hours 40 About Us Mission: At Humana, our cultural foundation is aligned to helping members achieve their best health by delivering personalized, simplified, whole-person healthcare experiences. Recognizing healthcare needs continue to evolve for each person, for each family and for each community, Humana continuously creates innovative solutions and resources that help people live their healthiest lives on their terms -when and where they need it. Our employees are at the heart of making this happen and that's why we are dedicated to building an organization of dynamic talent whose experience and passion center on putting the customer first. Equal Opportunity Employer It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, or veteran status, except where age, sex, or physical status is a bona fide occupational qualification. View the EEO is the Law poster. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com for assistance. Humana Safety and Security Humana will never ask, nor require a candidate provide money for work equipment and network access during the application process. If you become aware of any instances where you as a candidate are asked to provide information and do not believe it is a legitimate request from Humana or affiliate, please contact mailbox_tas_recruit@humana.com to validate the request.
