Job Description

Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as Personal Cell or Cellular in the contact information of your application.

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers financial needs and help them succeed financially. Were looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where youll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Wells Fargo Virtual Channels (WFVC): WFVC serves consumer and small business customers through digital (online, mobile, and social) and contact centers (phone, email, and correspondence). We provide customers with convenient ways to manage their accounts, enable digital payments, provide solutions that meet their financial needs, and more. WFVC serves over 27 million customers through our digital channels and support over 5.8 billion customer interactions annually through digital and contact centers.
WFVC is part of the Payments, Virtual Solutions and Innovation (PVSI) business division. PVSI's focus is on delivering the next generation of payments capabilities and advancing our digital and online offerings to design new customer experiences and products. Its guiding principles are to start with the customer, move faster, and partner effectively.

WFVC is currently hiring a Research/Remediation Analyst 2 (Team Lead) to support our Everyday Customer Advocay Group.

Primary responsibilities for this role may include but are not limited to:

• Review team members customer complaint calls and provide feedback
• Monitor case work to ensure timely resolution
• Ensure the team is meeting performance expectations
• Support and resolve customer concerns/questions
• Identify and propose team process enhancements
• Additional responsibilities as assigned

Schedule: Start 08/10/2020 and San Antonio site hours: Monday-Friday, 8am 10pm, Saturday, 8am - 9pm, and Sunday 8am-5pm, work schedule TBD. Team members will need to have the flexibility to work additional hours which may include weekends and holidays, as needed to support business objectives. Schedules are subject to change based on business needs.

Important Notes:
• During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume prior to submitting your application for consideration. If you are a Wells Fargo Team Member, in your Jobs Profile ensure that your email address is valid and updated to an address that can receive external emails outside of the banking network and is a different email address than the one you originally used when you joined Wells Fargo. Initial contact with you will be made via e-mail. Please check your e-mail regularly for updates.

Required Qualifications
5+ years of customer contact experience in a financial services environment; or 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: financial services operations, underwriting, or quality assurance
Desired Qualifications
Advanced Microsoft Office skills
Ability to navigate multiple computer systems, applications, and utilize search tools to find information
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Ability to lead, train, and provide feedback to staff and corresponding managers
Experience resolving and working through escalated and complex customer issues
Ability to provide strong customer service while balancing the needs of clients, shareholders, and team members
Ability to interact with integrity and a high level of professionalism with all levels of team members and management
Experience with Wells Fargo Virtual Channels (WFVC) Contact Center policies, processes, and procedures
Knowledge and understanding of Wells Fargo Enterprise Complaints Policy
Knowledge and understanding of Wells Fargo Customer Care or Executive Office policies, processes and procedures
Knowledge and understanding of consumer products, policies, and procedures; within a call center environment
Salary Information

The salary range displayed below is based on a Full-time 40 hour a week schedule.

TX-San Antonio: Min: $47,900 Mid: $66,500

Street Address

TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.
