One of Airetel Staffing's valued clients is looking for a Business Systems Analyst in San Antonio, TX.

JOB DESCRIPTION:
The Contract Worker will be helping to maintain federal government HR records; this role will build the technology for the user interface application.

Responsibilities
Participates in scrum teams and may lead a scrum team. May likely be assigned to related HCM implementation projects and perform as the project lead. Lead/track assigned project team activities for development and implementation efforts; develop and manage project level schedule for assigned efforts.

Solid understanding of software and systems development lifecycle and systems engineering role throughout lifecycle, focusing on decomposing requirements and document design concepts. Understands data models and has an understanding of warehouse solutions and the concepts of transforming data from transactional systems. Detailed knowledge of many of the systems engineering competencies listed above under Scope. Able to handle analysis and research of HR system processing.

Participate (and potentially manage assigned small team) with agile principles which include working daily customer status meetings and planning/coordinating iterative scrum release updates. Actively engaged at evolving concepts and technologies into integrated solutions.
Key skills should include:
Knowledge of Oracle HCM (Required)
Understands diverse technologies used in a cloud technology Required
Able to work in a face-paced environment
Strong technically
Understands agile principles and methods
Understands key need for tracking ticket progression and associated daily/weekly metrics in status Test progress
Experience in writing technical and strategic papers
Excellent communication skills
Good people skills
Airetel Staffing, Inc. is nationally recognized as a Best of Staffing Award Winner for both Client and Talent Satisfaction by Inavero, as well as a Best Staffing Firm to Work For recognized by Staffing Industry Analysts.
For more details or to view other opportunities, visit us at www.airetel.com or call 214-353-0561.
