We have an outstanding Contract position for a Business Systems Analyst to join a leading Company located in the San Antonio, TX surrounding area.** Candidate must be able to obtain and maintain a Public Trust. ** Please click on this link if you have any questions on how to obtain a clearance: https://www.tadpgs.com/obtain_security_clearence Basic Hiring Criteria: -Knowledge and awareness of Oracle HCM. Participates in Scrum teams and may lead a scrum team. -May likely be assigned to related HCM implementation projects and perform as the project lead. Lead/track assigned project team activities for development and implementation efforts; develop and manage the project-level schedule for assigned efforts. -Solid understanding of software and systems development lifecycle and systems engineering role throughout the lifecycle, focusing on decomposing requirements and document design concepts. Understands data models and has an understanding of warehouse solutions and the concepts of transforming data from transactional systems. -Detailed knowledge of many of the systems engineering competencies listed above under Scope. Able to handle analysis and research of HR system processing. -Participate (and potentially manage assigned small team) with agile principles which include working daily customer status meetings and planning/coordinating iterative scrum release updates. -Actively engaged in evolving concepts and technologies into integrated solutions. Key skills should include: -Knowledge of Oracle® HCM -Able to work in a face-paced environment -Strong technically -Understands agile principles and methods -Understands key need for tracking ticket progression and associated daily/weekly metrics in status Test progress -Experience in writing technical and strategic papers TAD PGS, Inc. is a Global Fortune 500 company with worldwide revenue of over $27 billion and more than 50 decades of government contracting experience. We specialize in supporting U.S. Government Agencies and their prime vendors by delivering a full range of recruitment and workforce solutions. As part of the Adecco family, we have access to over 2.5 million active candidates supporting hundreds of locations across North America. On any given day, we have more than 70,000 professionals working at client sites across the United States. VEVRAA Federal Contractor / Request Priority Protected Veteran Referrals / EOE Protected Veterans/Disability The Company will consider qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. To read our Candidate Privacy Information Statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit http://www.tadpgs.com/candidate-privacy/
