Purpose of Job
We are currently seeking a talented Business Strategy Analyst Lead for the San Antonio Home Office II/III or Remote.

Uses quantitative and qualitative analysis to provide thought-leadership on evolving industry trends, market developments, USAAs strategic direction, regulatory environment, and macroeconomic trends for the business unit. Provides insights and information-based context for key stakeholders in the business unit to effectively manage, influence, and impact line of business strategy.
Job Requirements


About USAA

USAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.

In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.

USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)

USAA Careers World Class Benefits (31 seconds)

Job Tasks:
Leads discussions with key stakeholders to communicate information learned from analyses and provide input into line of business strategy development.
Leads and oversees efforts to identify key business assumptions and hypotheses around line of business strategy. Continuously refines hypotheses and identifies business questions to explore further.
Develops the analytical framework and blueprint to answer business questions identified in the business portfolio, product, or member experience.
Collaborates with key stakeholders to evaluate and uncover strategic insights related to Profit & Loss performance including Product Strategy, Pricing, Marketing, Sales, Credit Risk, Distribution Channels, and Member Experience.
Applies expert analytical rigor to define outcome measures, improve prioritization, increase agility in decisioning, improve ability to evaluate progress towards business outcomes, and to evaluate risks to strategic goals.
Communicates the significance of strategic insights to senior leaders and other key stakeholders. Effectively influences and drives strategic agreement utilizing subject matter expertise and interpersonal and negotiation skills.
Serves as a team lead and provides guidance and on-the-job training to less experienced team members.
Additional Job Description: This position is to support Retail banking risk.

Minimum Education:
Bachelors Degree in Business, Science, Finance, Economics or related discipline OR 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
Minimum Work Experience:
8 or more years of experience in data/analytics, strategy consulting, or related business experience, OR
Masters Degree in Business, Science, Finance, Economics or related discipline AND 6 or more years of experience in data/analytics, strategy consulting, or related business experience.
Demonstrated project management experience
Experience with hypotheses-driven problem solving
Experience bringing analytics to action using visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)
Experience influencing business decisions
Experience leading complex data analysis
Experience working with leadership teams to identify key opportunities to develop and enhance business strategy using quantitative and qualitative analytics
*Qualifications may warrant placement in a different job level*

When you apply for this position, you will be required to answer some initial questions. This will take approximately 5 minutes. Once you begin the questions you will not be able to finish them at a later time and you will not able to change your responses.

Preferred Qualifications:
Experience with Risk data, Risk frameworks, Risk Processes and Risk Measurement (Predominantly Operational Risk - i.e. Issue Management and Controls, KRIs)
2 years of recent experience in Risk Management function
4 years of recent experience in a consumer bank
Prior experience with Operational Risk
Prior experience with Risk Management process and underlying data
The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.

At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

For Internal Candidates:

Must complete 12 months in current position (from date of hire or date of placement) or must have managers approval prior to posting.

Last day for internal candidates to apply to the opening is 7/12/20 by 11:59 pm CST time.
