Corporate Planning & Analysis develops / maintains budgets and financial systems while providing current, reliable financial data, analysis, and technical info.

As a Financial Analyst I, you will perform research work and prepare financial analysis necessary to make essential Corporate planning decisions.

Once you're eligible, you'll become an Owner in the company, so we're looking for commitment, hard work, and focus on quality and Customer service. 'Partner-owned' means our most important resources--People--drive the innovation, growth, and success that makes H-E-B The Greatest Retailing Company.

Do you have a:
HEART FOR PEOPLE... skills to communicate at all levels of H-E-B?
HEAD FOR BUSINESS... a grasp of financial functions?
PASSION FOR RESULTS... innovative ways to use analytics?

We are looking for:
a bachelor's degree
3 years of related experience
analytical, project management skills
What is the work?
Financial Functions:
Responsible for various financial functions such as budgeting, auditing, forecasting, analysis
Responds to rate and budget questions; provides explanations to ensure management understanding
Builds necessary relationships / alliances through delivery of meaningful, accurate, timely results on a consistent basis
Analytics:
Reviews financial data and maintains documented records supporting financial forecasts used in the rate and budget area
Applies knowledge / experience; provides credible, action-oriented analysis / recommendations to management
Reports weekly actuals and forecasts profitability including but not limited to weekly bill-out by warehouse, sales, cogs, ad loss, clearance / markdowns, shrink / procurement revenue that involves trend analysis, economic research (macro / micro) and compare analysis
Provides interpretation and explanation in a summary format that is delivered to senior management
Works on ad hoc strategy-focused projects which aid senior management in business decision-making
What is your background?
Bachelor's degree in finance, accounting, business admin, or a related field, or equivalent experience
3 - 5 year of experience in related field
Do you have what it takes to be a fit as an H-E-B Financial Analyst?
Strong analytical and time management skills
Strong presentation skills
Intermediate PC Skills
Ability to successfully communicate with / influence upper level management
Ability to produce work that impacts management decisions and business results
Ability to manage large-scale projects from conception to implementation
Strong attention to detail
Can you...
Function in a fast-paced, retail, office environment
Travel by car or airplane with overnight stays
Sit for extended periods of time
Work extended hours
06-2011
