Job Description


Job #: 1067859

We're looking for a Data Analyst in the San Antonio area that would start off working fully remotely! If interested please reply to the posting listed!

Top three skills required:
Data Profiling and analysis
Business Requirement Development
Testing
Top technology tools:
Excel/Access, Business Objects, Salesforce
What are the responsibilities that this resource will have on a day-to-day basis?
Data process flow analysis
Data Mapping
Business Requirements
Testing/Validation
Issue and Risk identification and remediation
Additional Details:
Partners with key stakeholders in the business to identify, assess, aggregate and document risks and controls, including risks associated with new or modified products, services, distribution channels, regulations and third party operations.
May present findings to various levels of leadership.
Communicates results of risk assessments to governance committees, business process owners and various levels of leadership.
Contributes to the implementation of new risk policies, practices, appetites and solutions to ensure holistic understanding and management of risks according to industry best practice.
Enhances strategies, tools, and methodologies to measure, monitor, and report risks.
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
