Job Title: Business System Analyst

Location: San Antonio, TX
Type: Contract

Job Description:
Involved in Business Analysis, requirements gathering using the SDLC and Agile model.
Ability to convert business requirements into technical specifications.
Requirements Elicitation - Requirements Management and Analysis - Ability to define, document and manage business requirements to the smallest set that will provide the biggest impact in advancing business objectives.
Ability to translate business requirements into business solutions for end-user adoption and productivity improvement.
Functional Design - Ability to translate business requirements to functional designs using analysis and design techniques.
Adherence to Standards - Ability to create solutions that adhere to and incorporate standards.
Business Requirements Testing and Validation - Managing traceability of business requirements through testing and validation process.
User Acceptance Testing - Collaborates with stakeholder in testing for acceptance of end user business solution.
Business Relationship Management - Ability to engage business sponsors and contribute to their targeted business outcomes.
Solid understanding and experience in Agile methodologies and SCRUM process.
Proven experience in technical requirements gathering, business process workflow documentation, acceptance criteria, breaking down the high level requirements in small epics/technical requirements, prioritization of the requirements.
Solid communication skills with variety of stakeholders in different forms of communication.
Good understanding of the software development technologies and platforms like OO concepts, data integration, SOA etc.
Has engaging personality and positive to drive to make the project successful.
Has an eye of detail, some experience in software quality and testing is preferred.
Portals & mobile BSA

- Should have worked on UI side of things

- Experience with identity management - SSO, federation, identity & access management

Diverse Lynx LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive due consideration for employment without any discrimination. All applicants will be evaluated solely on the basis of their ability, competence and their proven capability to perform the functions outlined in the corresponding role. We promote and support a diverse workforce across all levels in the company.
