Do you have compassion and a passion to help others? Transforming healthcare and millions of lives as a result starts with the values you embrace and the passion you bring to achieve your lifes best work. (sm)

The Business Systems Analyst is responsible for creating and refining business and systems

requirements to address business opportunities and formulating documentation to support the

development and implementation of the technical solution. This position plays a major role in

the development and implementation of core business systems. In addition, the Business

Systems Analyst serves as the liaison between business users and technology programmers to

understand user needs and develop required reporting and data analysis and may serve as a

project coordinator to support with communication of product delivery work efforts.

The information listed above is not comprehensive of all duties/responsibilities performed.

This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice.

Youll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:
Analyzes business needs, documents requirements and translates needs into functional, nonfunctional and/or technical specifications.
Delivers requirements, performs analysis, and evaluates downstream business, systems, process, and/or organizational impacts.
Plans and assists with oversight of testing processes and activities including defect identification and resolution.
Analyzes charts and/or diagrams of the problem to be programmed and defines system requirements in terms of system capabilities.
Develops or assists in the development of work plans, time schedules, and project task items and schedules and assists with estimating resource needs for analysts, programmers, user personnel, consultants, equipment, and prepares routine project status reports.
Assists in the development of project cost and benefit estimates to establish project worth including the development of alternative considerations. This will result in recommendations for the installation of new systems or equipment, or to change existing systems and equipment.
Advises the appropriate people on the implications of existing IT systems that can be applied to a problem. Identifies risks and issues, and seeks approval on complex matters.
Checks, validates and verifies assigned work directed performed by technical staff in order to achieve desired end-results for customer.
Performs all other related duties as assigned.
The pace is fast and youll need to be comfortable managing multiple priorities. You may be required to work in multiple locations, so scheduling flexibility is essential. You must also be able to respond calmly and effectively in emergency situations.

You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree in computer science or related field required. (4 additional years of comparable work experience beyond the required years of experience may be substituted in lieu of a bachelors degree).
3+ years of experience in developing requirements and performing system analysis.
3+ years of experience of major software systems implementation experience.
SQL Knowledge
Strong understanding of the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC).
Ability to analyze and document process and data flow.
Ability to clearly communicate ideas and solutions.
Ability to effectively work with both internal and external clients.
Preferred Qualifications:
Knowledge of Health Care Industry and related business functions.
Experience in Medicare Claims and Medicare Risk Adjustment.
Advanced course of study in information technology, business or other field.
Experience with project management and project control methodologies.
Experience process re-engineering and best practice implementations.
Physical & Mental Requirements:
Ability to lift up to 25 pounds
Ability to push or pull heavy objects using up to pounds of force
Ability to sit for extended periods of time
Ability to stand for extended periods of time
Ability to use fine motor skills to operate office equipment and/or machinery
Ability to properly drive and operate a company vehicle
Ability to receive and comprehend instructions verbally and/or in writing
Ability to use logical reasoning for simple and complex problem solving
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. Were innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. Were impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. Weve joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your lifes best work.(sm)

*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Groups Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Business Systems Analyst, Telecommute, Telecommuter, Telecommuting, Work from home, Work at home, Remote
