Development Associate or Analyst (pending experience)

KAIROI Residential (KAIROI) is looking for a highly motivated self-starter, to assist with the underwriting of new multifamily development opportunities and the execution of ongoing developments. The position will report to an SVP and VP of Development.

Primary Responsiblities:

Research and analysis in support of the pursuit of new development opportunities including financial underwriting, submarket research, market analysis, and preliminary due diligence.
Interactions with brokers, land owners, City and County staff and consultants to compile information on potential development opportunities.
Prepare summary reports of findings related to preliminary due diligence, soft cost research, comp rental studies, unit mix analysis, submarket competitive pipeline and office pipeline in the submarket.
Research entitlements, approval process and timing, building and permit codes and fees, long range transportation plans and other jurisdictional requirements impacting future development.
Coordinate with outside consultants including land use attorney, architect, civil engineer, interior designers and landscape architects.
Coordinate with Kairoi team members including development, construction, asset management and operations.
Oversee schedules for each phase of each deal including land contract, due diligence, design, construction, lease-up and sale.
Manage ongoing development budgets, including oversight of monthly draws and invoice review and approval.
Prepare and manage Monthly Development Reports for assigned developments.
Underwrite and create proformas for new development opportunities based on researched market information, operating expense data, comp rent analysis and estimated hard and soft costs from construction and development teams.
Desired Skills and Experience
Highly analytical and research/data driven. Proficiency with excel.
Humble confidence with the desire to learn and grow professionally.
Bachelors degree or MBA in finance, business, real estate or another related field.
2-4 years in real estate development field, preferably multifamily focused.
Self-starter, flexible and adaptable, with excellent time management and prioritization skills.
Experience with underwriting, coordinating due diligence and various outside consultants, and tracking schedules, budgets and critical milestone dates.
About KAIROI Residential

KAIROI is a real estate development, investment, and management company specializing in the building, buying, and managing multifamily communities throughout the United States. KAIROI was rebranded in 2017 and was initially formed in 2003 as an institutional-grade development and investment platform targeting value-add and opportunistic multifamily investments across the United States. Since its inception in 2003, KAIROI has completed in excess of $4.5B of development and investment transactions and has established a strong fiduciary track record with various private and institutional investment partners.
