We are seeking a Corporate Actions Analyst to join our Corporate Actions Department in the Institutional Investment Management Operations Team located in San Antonio, Texas.

Corporate Actions Analyst is one of the key Operational units within AB. The group is responsible for the processing of all Mandatory and Voluntary corporate action events on behalf of our clients. The team interacts directly with Portfolio Management, Reconciliation, Settlements, Data Administration, Client Reporting, Pricing as well as Custodian Banks worldwide.

The Corporate Actions Analyst will be responsible for performing daily tasks related to corporate events for the assets managed by AB and involved in ensuring compliance with AB Policy. These corporate actions tasks are in support of AB critical business functions.

Describe the applications and business or enterprise functions the role supports:

The Corporate Actions Team supports most core functions at AB including Global Fund Accounting, Client Reporting and Performance, Portfolio Management, Legal and Compliance, and Financial Reporting. The data distributed by this team effects daily valuation, Mutual Fund NAV’s, regulatory reporting, financial reporting, and trading.

The key job responsibilities include, but are not limited to:

Responsible for supporting Corporate Action Events for all security types which entails:
Confirming events with custodians and internal clients (PMG, Client Reporting, etc)
Monitoring custodian/vendor notifications
Apply PMG’s investment decisions with the Custodian banks in a timely and accurate manner prior to the custodian deadline (or market deadline if necessary).
Confirming accurate event details and the subsequent timely processing through the Corporate Actions Processing team.
What makes this role unique or interesting (if applicable)?

This role is an entry level role into the field of voluntary corporate actions. The regulatory and client service environment is continually changing and the Corporate Actions Analyst is at the forefront of this. There is regular interaction with senior members of AB as well as the AB Valuation Committee. The Analyst will also have daily correspondence with our AXA-BS Offshore team in Pune, India. AB manages most current asset types (Stocks, Bonds, Asset Backed, all types of Over-the-Counter Derivatives) and the corporate actions associate will be exposed to these asset types.

What is the professional development value of this role, i.e. what learning and professional growth does the role offer the candidate?

The role is currently evolving as the environment changes. This role provides an opportunity to learn from some of most experienced investment professionals in the business as well as very seasoned members of the AB pricing team. This role will afford the opportunity for good exposure to senior members of AB management team and provide opportunities to contribute in a very meaningful way.

The ideal candidate should have the following:
4 year undergraduate degree preferably in business related discipline
2 years of work experience in a function that has some related financial analysis or use of analytical skills.
Prefer some experience in Corporate Actions or data management areas
Previous internships working in financial service
Knowledge of multiple asset classes and how they can be used in portfolios and strong knowledge of Microsoft Office
Candidate should be able to communicate effectively, work well in a team setting, and be able to effectively handle changes with a positive outlook.
Location: San Antonio, TX

AllianceBernstein is a leading global investment management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional clients, individuals and private clients in major markets around the world. AllianceBernstein employs more than 500 investment professionals with expertise in growth equities, value equities, fixed income securities, blend strategies, and alternative investments, and, through its subsidiaries and joint ventures, operates in more than 20 countries. AllianceBernstein’s research disciplines include fundamental research, quantitative research, economic research and currency forecasting capabilities. Through its integrated global platform, AllianceBernstein is well-positioned to tailor investment solutions for its clients. AllianceBernstein also offers independent research, portfolio strategy and brokerage-related services to institutional investors.

San Antonio, Texas
