Acts as a liaison among stakeholders, performs analysis in order to understand the business needs, policies, and operations of the credit union, and recommends solutions that support and enable the credit union to achieve its goals. Works on projects of varying magnitude and helps to ensure the implementation from beginning to end is timely and satisfactory to stakeholders. Completes any other job related duties needed to help drive to our Vision, fulfill our Purpose, and abide by our Organization's Values.Bachelor degree in Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science, or Business-related field or comparable education and/or experience. Minimum of five (5) years in a large financial institution environment or comparable experience. Minimum of two (2) years of related experience and/or training as a Business Analyst performing the following activities: (a) Requirements gathering, (b) Use Case generation and documentation, (c) Design of complex solutions using multiple architectures, (d) Generation and documentation of both Functional and Technical Design Documents for use by self and other programming staff. Minimum of one (1) year hands-on experience designing and implementing technical solutions. Use of structured application development methodology and principals, understanding of structured environments using distinct development, test, and production. Work in a team environment, meet deadlines, and take on a high level of responsibility and accountability environments. Superb critical thinking, analytical, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills. Excellent organizational skills with the ability to pay close attention to details.Experience with Fidelity Information Systems' "Systematics" banking software product suite. Proven experience in participating/coordinating multiple simultaneous projects and ability to work with general supervision. Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Visio).Security Service Federal Credit Union is an industry leader who has built a reputation of innovation, strength, and stability. We pride ourselves on discovering and developing employees who have exceptional character and a genuine passion for helping others. In return, we deliver a comprehensive total rewards package that supports the financial, physical, and emotional wellbeing of our employees.All employees should demonstrate our SSFCU core values -- Caring, Innovative, Honest, Fair and Dedicated -- while providing enthusiastic, professional, and courteous service to SSFCU members and employees.SSFCU offers a comprehensive total rewards package that includes competitive salary, customizable benefit options, paid time off, 401K match with immediate vesting, tuition reimbursement, on-site fitness center, (or free gym membership), and an award-winning Total Wellbeing program focusing on the physical, financial and emotional wellbeing of our employees. We invest in our communities through our Volunteer Corps and in you, through ongoing growth and development opportunities.
