Project Analyst JBSA-Lackland, TX

JOB SUMMARY:


BB&E is seeking a Construction Project Manager to provide support to AFCEC CZC onsite at Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland, TX.

JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Compile slides provided by the Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) Working Group (WG) and finalize slides when necessary to present at the PPBE WG biweekly meetings.
Include agenda items for discussion with members of PPBE WG including Air Force Civil Engineer Center (AFCEC)/CZCP, Regional Support Branch (RSB) PPBE leads, and members from each Environmental Quality (EQ) Division.
Track all open action items with the respective Action Office (AO).
Update action item tracker at the end of each meeting; then post all updates to the spreadsheet on eDASH as the AOs worked and completed each action item.
Archive all presentation slides on eDASH.
EXPERIENCE:

Experience in assisting with market research to be provided to Government personnel to identify potential sources for the identified support, supplies and services needed for each of the projects.
Experience with documenting research for Authority to Release (ATR) form.
Prior experience in working with the requirement owners to provide deliverable based requirements for the Ros project and provide to the Government POC.
Past experience in drafting and assembling documentation requirements for contract acquisition packages.
EDUCATION:

Bachelors degree (BA/BS) in an environmentally focused discipline (such as environmental engineering, environmental science, or environmental studies), or a related field.
JOB QUALIFICATIONS AND SKILLS:

Minimum of 6 years of directly relevant experience.
Knowledge of and experience with Air Force PPBE process.
Knowledge of and experience with compliance-related efforts/programs.
Demonstrated experience working with government PPBE process.
Demonstrated experience working with government environmental programs.
Proficiency in and experience with navigating, populating, and supporting eDASH, and ACES-PM.
Knowledge of Federal, state, and/or local regulations and statutes, as well as Air Force or Department of Defense (DoD) environmental regulations and documentation.
Proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Outlook, Word, and Excel.
Successful completion of a T-1 Trustworthiness background check for a Common Access Card (CAC), or the ability to obtain one.
Motivated self-starters requested.
BB&E is a civil, environmental and energy engineering and consulting company, headquartered in Northville, Michigan, which services both the Federal and Industrial sectors throughout the United States. BB&E team members specialize in civil and environmental engineers and professionals providing Environmental consulting, Facilities Engineering and Program/Project Management Services to Federal and private sectors. BB&E is an equal opportunity employer (EOE). Please submit your resume/qualifications and salary requirements. All offers of employment at BB&E, Inc. are contingent upon a thorough background check conducted on all final candidates, as deemed necessary and per State and Federal laws.

BB&E offers a full and competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision and 401(k).
