SWBC has been recognized as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas and has an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an energetic and seasoned team, with an established and expanding national firm. Headquartered in San Antonio, SWBC is a diversified financial services company providing a wide range of insurance, mortgage, and investment services to financial institutions, businesses, and individuals. With offices across the country, SWBC is committed to providing quality products, outstanding service, and customized solutions in all 50 states. SUMMARY SWBC has been recognized as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas and is looking for talented students to join our Summer 2020 College Intern Program at our corporate locations in San Antonio. This is an exciting opportunity for the right individuals to join an energetic and seasoned team with an established and expanding national firm. Interns will gain practical hands-on experience and training that will provide an opportunity for growth, learning and development within the financial services industry. Internship opportunities will be available in numerous departments, which may include: Marketing, HR, Accounting, Information Technology, Insurance, Legal, Mortgage, PEO, Lender Placed Operations, Financial Institutions, Investment Services and Training. Interns will be placed within a specific division based on interest, experience, academic coursework and SWBC's business need. ESSENTIAL DUTIES Build awareness and gain exposure to the Financial Services Industry while growing your talents. Learn key technical skills to apply acquired knowledge and assist in problem solving. Gain practical, hands on experience that will provide an opportunity for growth. Work alongside and shadow team members while expanding your knowledge base with the ability to further develop your skills MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Pursuing a Bachelor's or Master's Degree in CIS, Data Analytics, or related program at an accredited university/college. Expected graduation date of December 2020 or later. Experience with RESTful API, REST API, Web Services, API, JSON preferred. Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong analytical and interpersonal skills required. Must be detail oriented and possess excellent follow up skills. Must be organized and adapt well to change. Ability to multi-task and work in a fast-paced, deadline driven environment. Passion and desire for learning and a proactive energy for getting things done. Must display maturity and a high level of professionalism. SWBC is a Substance-Free Workplace and requires pre-employment drug testing. Please note SWBC does not hire tobacco users. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SWBC is a Substance-Free Workplace and requires pre-employment drug testing. Please note, SWBC does not hire tobacco users as allowed by law. SWBC offers an excellent employee benefits package that includes: 401(k) with company match, medical/dental, Life, Long Term Disability, Accidental Death and Dismemberment, and Long Term Care insurance policies. SWBC also provides opportunities for professional growth. To learn more about SWBC, visit our website at www.SWBC.com. If interested, please click the appropriate apply button. Only those candidates who meet the minimum requirements need apply.
