Huntington Ingalls Industries is America's largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. For more than a century, HII's Newport News and Ingalls shipbuilding divisions in Virginia and Mississippi have built more ships in more ship classes than any other U.S. naval shipbuilder. HII's Technical Solutions division provides a wide range of professional services through its Fleet Support, Mission Driven Innovative Solutions, Nuclear & Environmental, and Oil & Gas groups. Headquartered in Newport News, Virginia, HII employs more than 42,000 people operating both domestically and internationally. Job Description HII - Technical Solutions Division (HII-TSD) is seeking a Data Analyst for the US Courts in San Antonio, TX. The CIS team is engaged in continual improvement activities tied to services provided by, and systems monitored by, the Enterprise Operations Center (EOC). Our objective is to drive continual service and process improvements through data analysis and organizational alignment. This position will use best practices in data gathering, modeling, visualization, analysis, and reporting around Key Performance Indicators to make improvement recommendations for the federal judiciary. This position will identify and help implement tools that will make EOC processes more efficient, including but not limited to, Artificial Intelligence and Robotics. Essential Job Responsibilities + Develops, inspects, mines, transforms, and models data to raise productivity, improve decision making, and gain competitive advantage. + Conducts quantitative and qualitative analysis on data and information to ensure correct predictive forecasting or classification. + Manages all aspects of end-to-end data processing utilizing customized report building functions of systems. + Maintains analytical systems, verifies the accuracy of the data, and acts as liaison with business. Minimum Qualifications + 6-9 Years with Bachelors or 4-7 Years with Masters or HS diploma + 10-13 years of relevant experience. + Competency in the use of data analysis tools and practices required + High level of literacy in both relational and non-relational database concepts and structures + Proficient with data query languages and reporting packages (for example, SQL, Power Query, JavaScript, R) + Knowledge of game theory, Machine Learning algorithms, and other statistical methods + High level of literacy in Business Intelligence concepts, tools, and frameworks + Knowledge of data governance structures and purpose + Use resources effectively and efficiently; can orchestrate multiple activities at once to accomplish goals + Fast learner when facing new problems and situations + Keen listening, written, and verbal skills + Ability to work independently, as well as effectively within a team + Negotiate skillfully in tough situations with internal and external groups + Effective problem-solving ability and strong analytical skills + Ability to analyze and interpret complex patterns in complex data sets + Demonstrate flexibility, reliability, and dependability Preferred Requirements + Tableau experience is preferred Huntington Ingalls Industries is an Equal Opportunity/Vets and Disabled Employer. U.S. Citizenship may be required for certain positions.
