WE ARE

We are Black Rifle Coffee Company, a veteran-owned company serving premium, fresh-roasted coffee to people who love America. We have a love for coffee, dogs, the outdoors, America, and most importantly, our customers! We are more than a product and more than a company; we are a culture. A culture full of motivated men and women who roll up their sleeves and get the job done with integrity, love, innovation, and radical transparency. Join us as we take action on our commitment to provide quality coffee and give back to the veteran and first responder communities and those who support it

THE ROLE

We are looking to add a Sr. Operations Analyst Strategy & Planning. This position will perform complex financial analysis on cash flows, operating results, and business plans to determine rates of return, capital/cash flow requirements, and forecast scenarios for manufacturing, fulfillment, shipping, and SG&A departments. This position will also work closely with the Director of FP&A to illuminate short-term operational and long-run strategic plans for multiple business units.

YOUR TASK
Analyzes and evaluates the company's operating results and financial position.
Assesses options for improvement in manufacturing, fulfillment, shipping, and overhead expenses.
Partners with departmental leadership to develop budgets, mitigation plans, and recommendations.
Develops management reporting on operational Key Performance Indicators (KPI's).
Creates forecasts for an expense, profitability, headcount, and overhead departmental expense.
Delivers financial information clearly and concisely to the Operations team for strategic planning.
Creates and distributes Monthly Forecast Review to drive an understanding of the annual budget process.
Expresses good judgment to create solutions out of unexpected situations.
YOUR EXPERIENCE
Bachelors degree in Accounting, Finance, or related field
MBA or related degree preferred
5+ years experience in Finance/Operations/Accounting
Moderate/Advanced knowledge of budgeting, financial statements, and operational planning.
Advanced Excel and Moderate MS Office skills required.
Netsuite experience preferred.
Exceptional organization and analytics skills with great attention to detail.
Capability to build morale, rapport, and promote inclusiveness in small groups.
Able to express quantitative concepts to a non-financial audience.
Ability to handle multiple projects and take ownership from start to finish.
Desire to continually learn; US Military Veteran preferred.
YOUR BENEFITS
Competitive Pay
Comprehensive medical, dental & vision package
Company-paid life insurance + supplemental options
Short and Long-Term disability options/coverage
Extensive EAP program with legal coverage
Dog-friendly and irreverently humorous work environment
American values-based culture built on freedom, integrity, accountability, respect, love, and commitment to serve those who have served.
BRCC is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, sex, race, color, religion, national origin, genetics, disability, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other protected characteristic required by applicable law. All selected candidates will be required to submit to a pre-employment background check.
