Organization: Accenture Federal Services
Location: San Antonio, TX
We are:
AccentureFederal Services,bringing together commercial innovation with the latest technology to unleash the potential for our federal clients. Operating in the nation's Capital, we stay ahead of whats coming next. Drawing from the power of Accenture, we deliver integrated, mobile and interactive experiences that exceed our peoples expectations. Join us where ideas are freely exchanged, and concepts evolve into practical solutions.

You are:

A dynamic cybersecurity analyst with regards to
Authorization of information systems and all associated cybersecurity policies
and procedures. Supports overall
implementation of its authorization process, to include supporting
cybersecurity policy, procedures and processes. Assists cybersecurity processes
while either authorizing an information system or serving as an analyst for an
information system undergoing authorization. Assists with technical security
assessments/validations of required security controls, reviewing security
documentation, evaluating security compliance to DISA Security Technical
Implementation Guides (STIGs), USCYBERCOM Information Assurance Vulnerability
Alerts and Command Cyber Readiness Inspections (CCRI) requirements.

The Work:

Conducting Nessus, SCAP, WebInspect, and CCRI
vulnerability findings to manage remediation actions to closure.
Developing and Maintaining Plan of Actions and
Milestone (POA&M) and Request for Exceptions (RFE) to document non-compliant
security controls, and coordinates with System and Application administrators
to plan remediation timelines.
Developing New Server Risk Assessments for new
technology implementations and presents analyzed findings to Government ISSM
for acceptance.
Coordinating with A&A Team to provide
vulnerability management information for inclusion into RMF Package.
Conducting vulnerability management review
meetings, capturing risk-based prioritized remediation actions, monitors
progress, and reports status to Government ISSM.
Validating closure of non-compliant security
controls
Developing security objectives and system-level
performance requirements.
Basic Skills & Qualifications
1+ years relevant experience in analyzing
vulnerability scan results
Ability to maintain and update one or more of
the following Federal Security frameworks: FedRAMP, FISMA, RMF, DIACAP and NIST
SP 800 series and NIST SP 800-53
At least one of the following Certifications: IAT
Level II, Security+, CISSP, CEH, CySA+, GICSP, GSEC, SSCP
US Citizenship-No Dual Citizenship


Preferred Skills & Qualifications
(ISC)2 CISSP, CISM, CISA Certification
Computing Environment Certifications required by
Client
Must be able translate information security
policies and requirements to technical & functional teams
An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
