JOB CLASSIFICATION

Full / Part-time: Full Time
Hours Per Week: 40
Location: McAllen, San Antonio, or Fort Worth

JOB SUMMARY

The Data Reporting Analyst is responsible for the collection and analysis of data to support enterprise strategic initiatives. This role will work directly with members of the analytics team to support the entire data lifecycle, including data cleansing, transformation, and loading into various data repositories for later analysis and reporting. This role will help support the team’s overall responsibilities including data governance, business intelligence, enterprise data warehouse, advanced analytics, and business enablement of data analytics. The role ensures that measures of success are created, monitored and reviewed. They will provide answers through analytical modeling of business questions using standardized reporting utilities.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES

The duties listed below may not include all responsibilities that the person in this role may be asked to perform. Incumbent may be required to perform other related duties as assigned.
Collaborate with business users to document and implement business requirements; document user requirements and translate requirements into reporting solutions to develop the implementation plan and schedule.
Automate data gathering, data cleansing, and data prep processes using various intelligent automation utilities.
Design, build, and implement new report formats and layouts on a customized basis using dashboard tools
Validate operational and historical data ensuring that it is accurately captured from various data sources, understanding and interpretation of data formulas, and calculations and troubleshooting of variances.
Work with the data engineering team in support of existing ETL processes and to prioritize data for reporting needs. Seek opportunities for automation or enhancement of existing ETL and report design processes.
Provide ongoing support and consultative assistance to various departments across the enterprise regarding analytics platform best practices and design approaches.
Review and interpret reports and analyses to support current business initiatives and support departmental needs for ad hoc reporting. Understand the Bank’s operational requirements and translate them into actionable and consumable reporting.
Participate in the projects supporting company strategic initiatives surrounding information gathering, information sharing, and KPI formulation.
Participate in cross-functional teams to review, analyze, and strategize on business needs and potential solutions.
Complete statistical trend and gap analyses to identify efficiency opportunities in internal processes using technical and analytical expertise.
Assist with the implementation of data gathering techniques, including digital form and workflow creation.
QUALIFICATIONS

These specifications are general guidelines based on the minimum experience normally considered essential to the satisfactory performance of this position. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required to perform the position in a satisfactory manner. Individual abilities may result in some deviation from these guidelines.
Bachelor’s degree, with a concentration in Computer Science, Business or a related quantitative discipline.
2-4 years of demonstrated experience in the functional areas of business analysis, financial analysis, and statistical model development using SQL and/or reporting tools.
Experience in using analytical tools for data visualization and reporting of information
Advanced Excel skills of pivot tables, macros, VBA, v-lookup, and report writing to analyze data and consolidate reports
Strong analytical skills to evaluate, understand and interpret data from both internal and external perspective
Meticulous attention to detail with an appreciation for the relationship between data quality and the Bank’s success.
Must be able to communicate ideas and analysis results effectively both verbally and in writing to both analytical and non-analytical audience
Must demonstrate an ability to recognize and define problems, understand business and system processes, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions
Self-motivated with the ability to work both independently and in a team environment
Familiar with statistical analysis, along with working knowledge of any programing language.
Able to manage multiple tasks and projects at the same time in a fast-paced environment.
PREFERRED SKILLS
Banking or financial services experience
Proficiency with Sisense (other dashboard reporting tools like Tableau, Looker, Qlik, or similar are OK)
Basic knowledge of Python
Proficiency with MS Excel, MS Word, Power Point, PowerBI, and Visio
EOE/M/F/D/V
