Principle Auto

Marketing Analyst

Who You Are

Principle Auto is looking for a driven and enthusiastic Marketing Analyst to join our corporate operations! As our Marketing Analyst you are known for your attention to detail, and often looked at by your peers to review the final presentation of a product. You are motivated by a fast paced, dynamic environment that requires you to manage multiple projects at once. You aren't scared by large amounts of data, but are excited to find the story behind the data. You value the opportunity to lay out a new vision and build a strategy that engages and excites people about the best brands in the market.

Who We Are

Principle Auto was founded on the desire to change the auto industry. Our purpose is to be a trusted, caring friend helping people move through life in a sustainable way. We are in the business of building relationships and we want to ensure that we are there for our guests throughout their journey.

Our Values Are Our G-U-I-D-E
Great People- We are dedicated to our customers, to our work, and to each other.
Unparalleled Service- We are proactive in our work. We aim to prevent fires instead of having to put them out. We strive to have a servant's heart, and to be selfless in our conduct.
Integrity- We are accountable to each other to do what is right. We keep our commitments.
Defining Excellence- We make our colleagues better. We set each other up for success. We prioritize our work and deliverables in order to meet high yet reasonable expectations
Enthusiasm- We aim to have fun every day. If it's not fun, we find a way to make it so. We are open to new ideas and ways of thinking.
Who Your Stakeholders Are and How This Role Delivers Value to Them

Your external stakeholders are our clients, prospects and business community members. Your internal stakeholders will be Principle Auto associates, our vendors and contractors. You'll provide value by treating all stakeholders with the highest sense of integrity, honesty and respect. You will work directly with the following team members to ensure their success:
Marketing Director: Our Marketing Director is an experienced director with a focus on results. He understands his direct reports perform their best when they are allowed to express and showcase their creativity in their work. On a daily basis the Marketing Director will work directly with the Marketing Analyst to plan, develop and execute a marketing strategy that drives our business. The Marketing Analyst will be the data analyst for the department and responsible for interpreting large data sets. In addition, the Marketing Analyst will also ensure the department's success by generating ROI, impact reports and various analyses that deliver results in achieving the organization's strategic goals.
Your Responsibilities as our Marketing Analyst

You will partner with members of our Leadership Team, General Managers, and key decision makers to report on marketing trends, product analysis and generate ROI statements. As our Marketing Analyst you will provide reports and analysis to measure the efficacy of the company's overall marketing efforts. You will not only generate various reports, but also present the results of your findings and consult on strategies that will drive our business. The Marketing Analyst will live out our principle of Defining Excellence by always looking for more efficient, creative and better ways to accomplish the company's strategic goals. You will be responsible for the following:
Build marketing reports to analyze current use and efficacy of the company's marketing efforts
Maintain monthly, quarterly and ad-hoc reports on Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) deemed necessary by senior leaders
Utilizing your understanding of Search Engine Optimization (SEO) and Google analytics to develop and maintain best practices
Measure and maintain KPIs required by the operations teams related to SEO and Google Analytics
Build various regression analysis reports to determine ROI of particular campaigns, software and other marketing efforts
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders to identify areas of improvement or development that can be made related to the marketing efforts of the business
Foster a relationship founded on a strong passion for customer-service and results with the Leadership Team to generate reporting and deliverables as needed in a fast and efficient manner
Competency and Qualifications of the Creative Marketing Coordinator

To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies:
Bachelor's degree in Marketing, Business or related field
3-5 years of direct internal reporting work
2+ years of experience working in a consulting capacity for internal decision makers strongly preferred
Google Analytics Certification
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Strong excel skills- including pivot tables, v-look ups and macros
Strong attention to detail
Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner.
Verbal Communication - Listens and gets clarification.
Adaptability - Adapts to changes in the work environment.
Planning/Organizing - Uses time efficiently; must be comfortable working in fast-paced, deadline driven environment; must have ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Quality - Demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness; looks for ways to improve and promote quality; applies feedback to improve performance; monitors own work to ensure quality.
About Our People

We recruit and hire the top talent in the industry. We invest in our people through dozens of training programs offered internally and externally. Principle Auto understands the importance of taking care of its associates and maintaining the unique culture that fosters exceptional care for our guests.

Principle Auto maintains a strong policy of equal opportunities for all associates and applicants of employment. We hire, train, promote and compensate associates on the basis of personal and professional competence and potential for advancement without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability or citizenship as well as other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. EOE

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
