Job Description


Job #: 1070627

Title: Pega Business Analyst - Lead

Location: - San Antonio, TX. Starts remote then would move to onsite

Duration: 1 year contract with potential to extend/convert

Job Description:

As a Pega Business Analyst Lead, you will have the opportunity to tap into your curiosity and collaborate with some of the most innovative and diverse people around the world. Here, you will make an impact by:
Actively participates in AGILE process for Pega deployment to the Advantage Center's Order to Cash business area – they are going to be in stand up calls daily / dealing with onshore and offshore resources
Develops process maps, user stories, UI Mockups to gain agreement and prove understanding of business need and process requirements.
Works closely with onshore and offshore teams to ensure the solution is technically feasible and to identify areas to reduce implementation efforts.
Assists in product demos, UAT testing, and quality management reviews and helps ensure that all business and design requirements are met.
Plays an active role in configuring and testing the solution and supporting the technical team for any OOTB (out of the box) and custom development required for custom code they want to develop
Required Skills:
Bachelor's Degree or higher from an accredited institution
Need to be comfortable with Agile – this resource will be working w/ onshore and offshore sprint teams, so experience working in both of those environments.
2+ years of Pega project experience
2+ years of Business Analysis and Business Process Design experience
5+ years’ experience in contact centers, medical collections, medical claims processing, health administration, medical device, pharmaceuticals operations, health insurance, order to cash business processes, finance, or revenue cycle.
Nice to Have:
Certified Pega Business Architect (CPBA)
Pega Certified Architect or Senior Architect
Lean Six Sigma GB or BB
Background in medical, finance, or banking industry
If this position is something of interest to you, please send over your most up to date resume to Patrick Herbelin at pherbelin@apexsystems.com

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
