STRATEGIC STAFFING SOLUTIONS HAS AN OPENING!
Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) prides itself on being an international IT Staffing and Solutions Company with 29 years experience recruiting and managing exceptional IT and Business consultants for customers in the Financial, Energy, Public Sector and Retail Distribution industries. A privately held, financially strong, woman-owned company, S3 is a full service IT firm, with 24 major market locations in the U.S!

If you are qualified and or would like to apply, please select apply button or send your updated MS Word Resume in to Nick Cavazos | Sr. Technical Sourcing Specialist at ncavazos@strategicstaff.com.

Location of work: San Antonio, TX
Rate: Negotiable DOE (W2 ONLY)
This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship

Overview:
The Reporting Analyst / Reports Designer will be responsible for designing elegant user interfaces using Tableau Desktop/Server. This role will be charged with the visual and UI design of desktop, web and mobile user experiences for a suite of visual reporting.

Requirements:Must be Tableau Certified.
Develop visual mock-ups and interactive prototypes.
Design highly interactive user interfaces in desktop and web/mobile-based analytical products.
Develop visual mock-ups and interactive prototypes.
Participates in usability testing, maintaining visual and user experience systems and requirements.
Must be analytical, self-motivated with good communication skills.
Familiar with Agile is highly preferred.

For additional information, please email updated resume & salary requirements to ncavazos@strategicstaff.com

About us:
Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) is an international, woman-owned, $260 million IT and business services corporation based in Detroit. With a composite average annual growth rate of 21%, S3 is fiscally sound and debt free. It is ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and is one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 is also ranked as the sixth largest diversity staffing firm in the US by Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and an executive search service to financial institutions, insurance, energy companies, oil/gas, telecommunications, government agencies and retail and health care industries worldwide. It has more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the U.S. and Europe.

D1-NC*
