Our vision at Petco
is Healthier Pets. Happier People. Better World. We’re making things
better for pets, people and the planet through our Think Adoption First
philosophy, the Petco Foundation and other important initiatives that focus on
putting animals first, educating pet parents and reducing our carbon footprint.
The journey starts with knowledgeable, passionately engaged associates who are
proud to recommend Petco as a place to work, who believe in our Vision and who
are committed to delivering a superior customer experience.

From our retail stores
and our network of Distribution Centers to our Corporate offices, you'll work
with others who share your values and commitment. We seek individuals who are
passionate about animal welfare, have great people skills and are driven to
grow and advance in their careers with us. Our ongoing growth is creating
exceptional opportunities for professional development and personal enrichment
throughout our organization.

Position Purpose:

The
Inventory Operations Analyst will be in our San Antonio
Support Center (SSC), and will be responsible for the support of
overall company goals to optimize in-stocks and inventory record accuracy.
Serve as liaison supporting Store & DC Leadership Teams, DGMs and TGMs with
regards to Physical Inventory and the DC Cycle Count program. Train and coach
Stores and DCs with the goal of optimizing efficiency and accuracy of Physical
Inventory and the DC Cycle Count processes. Provide shrink reporting to Stores,
Field Leadership and NSC (National Support Center in San Diego)/SSC (San
Antonio) teams.

Essential Job
Functions:

The incumbent
must be able to perform all of the following duties and responsibilities with
or without a reasonable accommodation.
Create and maintain accurate, complex documents and
reports using database and available Petco systems and applications.
Proactively
research and resolve anomalies in perpetual stock on hand (SOH) and
receipts prior to scheduled PI dates, including, but not limited to,
analyzing store SOH for high unit quantities, resolving outstanding
Purchase Orders (PO) and Transfers (TSF) and researching PO and TSF
receipts with high variances as compared to invoiced quantities.
Manage and control
the Physical Inventory inbox to ensure timely resolution of Field
inquiries and issues.
Manage scheduling,
preparation, setup and processing of Physical Inventory count events,
including communications with Store Leadership teams and external
vendor(s) to ensure proper systems integration and successful posting of
count data in compliance with defined SOX controls.
Produce and
distribute monthly shrink reports to Stores, Field Leadership and NSC/SSC partners,
Distribution Center Leadership teams, and ad-hoc reports.
Coordinate
scheduling adjustments with external vendor(s) and communicate changes to
Store Communications, Operations and Store Leadership teams.
Be on-call for a
minimum of one (1) night per week during scheduled Physical Inventory
dates to field inquiries and resolve issues presented by Stores and Field
Leadership during the process of the inventory counts. Partner with
external vendor(s) to resolve issues related to 3rd party
service.
Supervisory
Responsibility:

This position
will not directly or indirectly supervise any partners.

Work
Environment:

The majority of job duties are
conducted indoors in a quiet standard office environment, with little or no
exposure to hazards. Occasional travel for training purposes or store visits
may be required. This position is required to work a minimum of one night
on-call per week during scheduled physical inventory events.

Education/Experience:
High School Diploma or the equivalent (GED) is required
with 3 years of relevant experience; Bachelor’s Degree in Business,
Supply Chain or Retail Operations is strongly preferred.
Ability to understand and apply intermediate to
advanced arithmetic concepts, analytical skills, and be able to work with
advanced systems and tools.
Intermediate skills in MS Office Applications including
MS Excel, MS Outlook and MS Word; MS Access and SQL Developer
creating/editing queries is a plus.
Working knowledge of replenishment and accounting
systems including POLARIS, Oracle RMS, PIM & RDF is a plus.
Knowledge of the fundamentals associated with different
functional areas of Inventory Management and Retail
Operations.
Must be able to be on-call for a minimum
of one (1) night per week during scheduled Physical Inventory dates to
field inquiries and resolve issues presented by Stores and Field
Leadership during the process of the inventory counts. Partner with external
vendor(s) to resolve issues related to 3rd party service.
.
