Description

Job Description:


Job Description

Primary Responsibilities

Job Description

Enhances product workflow by analyzing and developing logistics plans that affect production, distribution, and inventory. Creates and reviews procedures for distribution and inventory management to maximize customer satisfaction and minimize cost. Ensures rational distribution and delivery according to analysis report and tracking records.

Analyzes various phases of day-to-day provisioning, spares, or maintenance/repair activities for one or more programs.
Conducts complex inventory, distribution and network studies, monitor inventory and analyzes requirements in order to develop strategies to achieve desired delivery times.
Collects, processes, and maintains data for analysis. Develops enterprise and/or program-level supply chain reports and metrics in areas such as transportation costs, parts procurement, back orders, and delivery processes for senior management.
Identifies, evaluates and develops procedures that are cost effective and meet business objectives. Recommends improvements to existing or planned logistics processes.
Monitors the external environment and internal trends to identify strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats (SWOT) in the supply chain.
Provides detailed analysis of end to end performance. Documents, tracks and reports the flow of materials and equipment between requestor, approver, buyer, vendor, freight forwarder, receiving HUB and receiving site to ensure items are being delivered from the vendor, properly received at the freight forwarder, receipts and invoices match and payments are authorized in a timely manner.
Monitors inventory and analyzes requirements to assist in the development of strategies to achieve desired delivery times and order fill rates.
Provides analytical support for projects, new business opportunities and proposals.
Coordinates logistics activities with internal/external customers.
Point of contact for order status to requestors, and supply-chain related queries to procurement and freight forwarders.
Interacts with customers to understand their distribution network.
May participate in inter-departmental task forces charged with improving supply chain performance.
Develops new and refines existing internal analysis tools.
Provides leadership and guidance to lower level analysts as needed.
Knowledge in shipping, receiving, storing, issuing stock control measures and accounting procedures.
Establish and maintain stock records and other documents such as inventory, material control, accounting and supply reports.
Review and verify quantities received against bills of contracts, purchase requests and shipping documents.
Unload, unpack, count, segregate, palletize and store incoming supplies and equipment
Simplify and standardize the collection and use of maintenance data.
Raise the quality and accuracy of performance, cost and parts data through improved maintenance management.
Manage the deployment and redeployment of personnel and equipment.

Basic Qualifications

Associates Degree in Logistics or Business Administration from an accredited university/college with six years of experience in military logistics; or
Military equivalent training in logistics and eight years of experience.
Global Combat Support System-Army (GCSS-A) experience.
Defense Property Accountability System (DPAS) experience.
Ability to multi-task effectively, prioritize and execute against multiple priorities.
Advanced knowledge of databases and spreadsheets; excellent data entry skills.
Strong oral and written communication skills.
Strong organizational skills.
Strong analytical skills.
Fluent in the English language including the ability to read, write, and comprehend relevant logistics documentation.
Advanced level experience and skills operating MS-Office Suite including Word, Excel, Power Point.
Expertise with basic military logistics, supply and maintenance shop operations.

External Referral Bonus:
Ineligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Top Secret/SCI
Travel:
Yes, 25% of the time
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Standard Plus On Call
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Material Control

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.
