Instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, including but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and database applications.
Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control, and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions.
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS).
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner.
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues.
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling, and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff.
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts, and other department presentation materials.
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing.
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications, and researching grant opportunities.
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search.
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets. Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training, and scheduling.
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas.
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking, and reporting.
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements.
Minimum Qualification and Experience:
Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required.
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred.
Education: Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Biostatistics/Statistics, Public Health, or closely related fields.

The position is contingent on contract award.

CITIZENSHIP AND CLEARANCE REQUIREMENTS:
Must be eligible to work in the US.
Must be able to pass a National Agency Check with Inquiries (NACI).
CICONIX, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We E-Verify all employees.
Competitive market-based salary, commensurate with experience and education
Comprehensive benefits available (Medical, Dental, PTO, 401k etc).
