For over 25 years, Global Resources has been a premier full- service business development firm catering to the needs of small & medium sized businesses throughout the US & Canada. We offer nearly 200 different types of services to our clients in order to teach them about the “business side” of their business. We assist them in maintaining positive cash flow, controlling costs and accelerating profitable growth, thus allowing entrepreneurial business owners to improve their businesses in order to make the most of their professional and personal lives.

We are currently seeking Senior Business Analysts to join our team. Our analysts are “profound generalists” in business who understand every facet of day to day business, have strong relationship building skills, have the ability to teach others basic business principles, and who are able to work effectively with individuals from diverse communities and cultures.

This position requires extensive travel from Sunday evening through Friday afternoon, on a regular basis, but home every weekend. Relocation is not necessary.

As a Senior Business Analyst, you will:
Analyze small to medium-sized businesses
Determine the financial impact of ownership decision-making,
Analyze corporate structure, business planning
Conduct industry bench marking.
Analysts are given the tools, support, and training in the skills necessary to move the client into the implementation phase utilizing the resources of our Consulting Services Division.

This position requires:
Bachelor’s Degree (minimum) preferred
10+ years of experience in at least one of the following areas
Sales/marketing
Business ownership
Upper management
P & L
Operations
If you have the passion, confidence, and tenacity to change people's behavior and improve their lives and livelihood, this may be the position for you. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity in its workforce. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. We provide you the opportunity to become an integral part of the continued growth of our organization.

Qualified candidates please forward resume

Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Types: Full-time, Commission

Benefits:
401(k)
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Commission Pay
Experience:
General Business: 10 years (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Required travel:
100% (Required)
Work Location:
On the road
