Corporate Development AnalystSan Antonio TX- Soilworks is located in downtown San Antonio, remote work is not an option at this time. Only local candidates or those available to relocate will be considered.About us:Soilworks Natural Capital is devoted to expanding the regenerative agriculture economy, via investing in, incubating, and acquiring assets to help accelerate regenerative farming practicesas well as drive consumer awareness and demand for regenerative products.Soilworks was launched by the co-founders of Scaleworks, a technology venture equity fund based in San Antonio, TX. Their passion for the regenerative movement developed while building software companies using common-sense business principles. Soilworks is their mission-oriented effort to bring common-sense disruption to the food system - the most important market in the world.We're seeking a research analyst to help us find opportunities in the world of regenerative agriculture. Our ideal candidate is self-motivated, a great researcher, and able to summarizematerial into a few key points.Your Responsibilities? Conduct comprehensive research and analysis of companies, industries, markets,competitors, journalists, and key media outlets in the regenerative agriculture space.? Create reports and presentations to synthesize your findings for the team.? Monitor media outlets for relevant awards, features, topics, developments, and trends.? Maintain up-to-date knowledge of our tools, platforms, and research methodologies.? Assist in driving and supporting decisions around additions to the Soilworks portfolio.About you:? College graduate or comparable work experience? You're naturally inquisitive and self-motivated with a high attention to detail.? You're a critical thinker and enjoy the process of finding and synthesizing information tosolve "big picture" problems.? You're a quick learner with strong organizational/project management skills.? Exceptional verbal, written, and visual communication skills? You want to work at a company that is mission-driven and dedicated to driving theregenerative agriculture movement.Benefits/Perks:* Health, dental, and vision insurance plans, including a flexible spending account option.* Open Paid Time Off Policy (subject to management approval).* 9 paid holidays per year* Participation in our 401(k) savings plan.* Company-paid Life and AD&D coverage (with the option to purchase additional coverage).* Company-paid Short-Term Long-Term Disability coverage.* Educational materials and expenses (subject to management approval).No visa sponsorship is available for this position*
