Harland Clarke is a leading provider of customer engagement solutions that help connect businesses and people how, when, and where it matters. The company offers payment tools such as checks and cards; lifecycle marketing solutions; and promotional products for businesses. The company deploys these customer engagement solutions holistically, across print, phone, and digital channels, ensuring that the customers of its world-class client base enjoy a consistently superior experience. Harland Clarke serves more than 43 million consumers and 6 million small and medium sized businesses per year, through deep relationships with 11,000+ clients and distribution partners. Harland Clarke is a wholly owned subsidiary of Harland Clarke Holdings. Harland Clarke has been recognized as a 2018 top workplace in San Antonio, TX. For more information, visit www.harlandclarke.com or follow Harland Clarke on LinkedIn and on Twitter @HarlandClarke.

Rewards

路 Take charge of your future with our generous 401K savings plan with company match, which is vested from day one.

路 Participate in our company wide well-being program that also serves to lower your annual health insurance premiums.

路 Explore new education opportunities with our tuition reimbursement plans.

路 We offer work-life flexibility, meeting personal obligations along with professional success.

JOB SUMMARY

Responsible for providing analysis and execution oversight of the performance of the Contact Center for the Payments business segment. Key leader and influencer that will be primarily accountable for defining key initiatives as product owner, overseeing performance and forecasting, and managing impacts to the segment. This role acts as a high level orchestrator and author of inter-related projects combined with business as usual impacts to ensure the segment is performing superbly. This role is accountable for measuring impact of changes, quickly identifying issues, gaps, or risks, and proposing solutions and reporting on progress. This leader needs to be a strong, independent influencer and motivator that is able to partner across the organization and Enterprise.

KEY DUTIES/RESPONSIBILITIES

Performance Analysis: Serves as primary analyst on Contact Center performance in the Payments segment, actively monitoring, forecasting and recommending immediate action if performance is out of bounds. Responsible for defining processes, data, and success criteria to actively keep operational performance in line with daily goals. Quickly identify issues, root cause and identify and communicate recommendations to drive resolution. Measures impact and business value of initiatives. 40%
Leadership: Provides leadership, guidance and execution oversight for the ChecksCX transition and other payments initiatives ensuring they complete on time and budget, and meet measurable business goals. Identify, document and manage initiatives partnering with Contact Center and Enterprise teams. Provide thought leadership and insight on the health of the initiatives. Interpret, evaluate and interrelate data to recommend options to meet requirements and business goals. 25%
Subject Matter Expertise: Serves as recognized thought leader in the organization with the ability to leverage or define oversight methodologies but also demonstrate flexibility in approach. Work daily with stakeholders to elicit and document requirements, epics, story maps, features and detailed user stories for initiatives. Product oversight for systems which affect segment performance. 25%
Communication: Provides formal and informal performance and oversight updates and guidance to Contact Center Executives, Chief Operating Officer and functional areas. Partner with Contact Center and Enterprise team to align with pilots, business or technology changes; define measurement plan; analyze results and report out on changes. Work with functional areas to define and track dependencies for initiatives. Actively monitors customer and client reports post implementation in order to provide feedback to the contact centers leadership on process and company change initiatives. 10%

EDUCATION

Bachelor's Degree (Required)

EXPERIENCE

3-5 years relevant work experience with minimum of 2-3 years of business analysis and performance management experience required.
Product ownership experience highly desired.
Experience with Continuous Improvement, Kaizen LEAN, Process Management or Six Sigma required.
Contact Center or Channel Performance Management desired.

KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES

A proven ability to learn new products, develop functional knowledge, and apply new skills in a high paced environment.
Ownership mindset with the ability to influence teams to accomplish goals.
Excellent collaboration, organizational, time management, presentation and writing skills; ability to delivery clear, direct and effective communication (written and oral) for public consumption.
Demonstrated skill running effective meetings and getting buy-in and participation from all levels.
Ability to effectively and efficiently manage multiple projects.
Seeks feedback and continually evaluates processes and procedures to foster culture of continuous improvement.

COMMUNICATION AND CONTACTS
This individual has contact with Harland Clarke employees at various levels of the organization.

DECISION MAKING
Makes decisions regarding product initiatives regarding schedule and cost performance, issue impact, problem resolutions, prioritization and action. Performs product performance analysis and determines performance recommendations.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS / WORKING CONDITIONS

Extended Use of Computer Monitor
General Office Environment
Balancing
Bending / Stooping
Carrying
Ability to Adjust Focus
Sitting Continuously
Using both hands
Feeling
Grasping
Handling
Hand-to-Eye Coordination / Motor Skills
Hearing
Kneeling
Reaching
Sitting
Standing
Talking
Twisting / Turning
Typing
Walking
Writing
Close vision
Close vision for long periods of time
Color perception
Depth perception

#HCCSS

Harland Clarke is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Applicants who have disabilities may request that accommodations be made in order to complete the selection process by contacting our Recruiting Coordinator, Laurel Kay Reddish at 813 749-5003 .

EEO is the law. To review your rights under Equal Employment Opportunity please visit: www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf .

#HCCSS
