It will be remote until COVID is resolved. The candidatewill need to be on-site in San Antonio after.

All candidates need to be Senior/Mid-level Senior BSA with experience working with Stakeholders. They must be a self-starter, have strong communication skills and understand how to drive projects forward by asking the right questions to the right teams/individuals. There is no time on this project for training.

BSA for support delivery.Must have direct ticketing integration plugin experience. Mapping fields and understanding the right questions to ask of these systems.

JIRA is needed on this position and general ticketing experience.

Job Posting Title: Business Systems Analyst IV

Description: Summary: The main function of a business systems analyst is to analyze science, engineering, business and all other data processing problems for application to electronic data processing systems. A typical business systems analyst is responsible for analyzing user requirements, procedures and problems to automate or improve existing systems and review computer system capabilities, workflow and scheduling limitations. Job Responsibilities: Advise clients on requirements for the organization and translate those to programmers and developers.

Prepare cost-benefit and return-on-investment analyses to aid in decisions on system implementation.

Interview or survey workers, observe job performance or perform the job to determine what information is processed and how it is processed.

Advise clients regarding the nature of the information processing or computation needs.

Advise management on current system principles and necessary updates and recommendations.

Supervise the expansion or modification of system to serve new purposes or improve work flow.

Interview or survey workers, observe job performance or perform the job to determine what information is processed and how it is processed.

Train staff and users to work with computer systems and programs.

Skills: Verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, attention to detail and interpersonal skills. Strong ability to work independently and manage one s time. Strong leadership and mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback. Strong knowledge of design techniques and principles involved in production of drawings and models. Strong knowledge of computer software, such as Visual Basic, Java, SQL, etc. Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering or related field required. MBA or other related advanced 8-
