Our objective is to provide clients with a unique business perspective on how to leverage SAP technology to improve their operations. This is rooted in EY’s SAP service line capabilities (Supply Chain, FICO, BPC, Data & Analytics, Customer, Tech/Arch and SuccessFactors) that are focused on helping clients improve performance and increase productivity.
The opportunity

EY’s Agile Business Transformation enabled by SAP technology can help organizations address challenges in the digital era. Our EY SAP collaborative approach focuses on more than technology alone. We take a comprehensive, business-first view to address strategy, customer value, user experiences, processes, technology and operational impacts in tandem.

Technology Consulting advises clients to understand, architect, select and implement the core applications required to run their businesses. Our focus will be on helping our clients to achieve following key benefits:
An optimal applications portfolio and governance structure that aligns with IT strategy and business architecture
Improvement in application performance driving higher customer (internal and external) satisfaction
Cost reduction and better investment decisions for applications infrastructure and services
Reduction in complexity and improvement in agility for applications to support changing business needs and risk mitigation
Our transformation services primarily focus on the design and optimization of Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) packages like SAP, Oracle, Hyperion, Cognos, Siebel and others. Our team typically works with Fortune 1000 clients across a variety of industries including Manufacturing, Healthcare, Energy/Utilities, Transportation, Telecommunications and Entertainment/Media.
The successful Senior will work with and through the EY Area offices to assist clients with a variety of needs. The goal is to support our Area offices as they build their individual practices and work to facilitate their clients' efforts to make their business units more effective and efficient. To meet that objective, our service offering includes, among others, the analysis of specific business requirements that will translate into sound technology architecture, infrastructure designs and vendor selection.
Key Responsibilities:
Support our SAP Technology Consulting practice by providing business development assistance, and as needed, managing project teams through agreed upon phases of the ERP project governance, requirements definition, vendor selection, risk analysis, customization, testing and training
Assist in developing applicable methodologies, tools, approaches, points of view, thought leadership and accelerators to differentiate EY in the ERP advisory market. These are shared with all EY market facing organizations to provide consistency and common platforms with which to go to market
Demonstrate strong technical ERP skills, specifically able to support consolidation, merge and overall technical management of ERP activities
Participate in defining and translating customer business requirements for enterprise wide or large scale information systems supporting SAP Business Modules into technical solutions and providing technical leadership and individual contribution to the architecture and design of these solutions
Participate in the overall architecture, design and technical oversight of complex business initiatives in customer advisory engagements
Interface with the account team, customer and customer executive management to define requirements, recommend solutions and ultimately implement per cost, scope and schedule
Provide advisory support on complex tasks and project supervision. Participates in customer engagement planning and supporting sales efforts. Review and influence existing customer strategic goals. Collect, prioritize and document customer requirements with the customer. Document the Architecture and Design and implements such within customer base
Articulate alternatives in terms of cost, benefit, and risk where multiple solutions exist. Assist the Project Manager in the creation of technical project plans, and assists in assembling teams for customer engagements. Perform technical quality assurance audits
Develop long-term relationships and networks both internally and externally
Work with a team of technology professionals through all phases of the technology lifecycle, including requirements definition, architecture design, and conversion and testing both internally and client facing.
To qualify, candidates must have:

a Bachelor's degree and approximately 2 years of related work experience; or a graduate degree and approximately 1-2 years of related work experience
a degree in computer science, engineering, accounting, finance or a related field (MBA or MS degree preferred)
prefer approximately 1-2 years of experience working with ERP based systems,
prior consulting industry experience preferred
strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating enterprise business processes with technology skills
ability and comfort level researching client inquiries and emerging issues, including regulations, industry practices, and new technologies
knowledge of leading practices, benchmarking, peer company environments and prior advisory experience relevant to industry specific finance and technology functions
ability and comfort level researching client inquiries and emerging issues, including regulations, industry practices, and new technologies
knowledge of leading practices, benchmarking, peer company environments and prior advisory experience relevant to industry specific finance and technology functions
prior advisory industry experience preferred
SAP Certification/s highly preferred
must also be willing and able to travel 70-90% of a work schedule
Ideally, you’ll also have
prior consulting industry experience or deep functional experience
SAP Certification/s
experience with at least one full cycle implementation of your core module

What working at EY offers

We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being.
About EY

As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.

If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible.

Make your mark. Apply today
EY provides equal employment opportunities to applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, or any other legally protected basis, in accordance with applicable law.
