It is the applicant's responsibility to read all sections and associated links in this vacancy announcement.

Education is not required for this position and will not be utilized in determining minimum qualifications or as a substitution for experience unless indicated in the vacancy. If you would like for your education to be considered by the hiring panel as part of your overall accomplishments, you must attach copies of transcripts (online transcripts will be accepted). Only education from accredited and pre-accredited institutions will be accepted. Foreign education must be evaluated for equivalency in the United States. For more information, please click here.

Serves as a management analyst for Child, Youth and School (CYS) Services Directorate providing guidance, assistance, to field and directorate staff. Provides information to CYS Director and Division Chiefs in the analysis and evaluation of programs and services provided Army-wide. Assists senior analysts in monitoring changing CYS missions and program requirements to include determining resources, operational effectiveness, and systemic issues. Develops databases and reference materials on pertinent data needed to support management decisions affecting the operation of programs. Functions as a project officer for designated special initiatives. Performs general staff and administrative duties. Provides technical assistance and consultation through the use of technology, verbal and written guidance, training workshops, and on-site visits to the field, region, and CYS Services Directorate. Helps ensure CYS Quality, Availability, Affordability and Accountability benchmarks and metrics are integrated into CYS Services programs.

QUALIFICATIONS MUST BE CLEARLY VERIFIABLE IN YOUR RESUME. GOVERNMENT POSITIONS MUST INCLUDE PAY PLAN, SERIES, GRADE, TO AND FROM DATES, AND GOVERNMENT AGENCY/DEPARTMENT. Must include at least one year of experience performing duties at a level which equipped the applicant with the particular knowledge, skills, and abilities needed to perform successfully in the position.

Strong Organization Skills. Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing, with an emphasis on analytical writing skills. Demonstrated ability in standard Microsoft office products such as Word, Excel, and Power Point. General knowledge of MWR programs, APF and NAF funding, and how they relate to CYS Services programs. Experience working with regulatory, personnel, funding, and budgeting proponents (Headquarters or Region experience preferred).Degree in business administration, accounting, economics or other related field preferred.
