Purpose of JobWe are currently seeking a talented Info Security Analyst II for the San Antonio One Riverwalk Office.Investigates, analyzes, and responds to security anomalies and events (e.g. suspicious behavior, attacks, and security breaches) within USAA's environments using a variety of cyber defense tools to detect and respond to threats. Conducts vulnerability, security configuration, and/or penetration testing assessments of systems and networks. Identifies cyber threats, analyzes operational impacts and communicates to appropriate stakeholders. Stays current with latest information security threats, exploits, trends, and intelligence.Job RequirementsAbout USAAUSAA knows what it means to serve. We facilitate the financial security of millions of U.S. military members and their families. This singular mission requires a dedication to innovative thinking at every level.In each of the past five years, we've been a top-40 Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For®, and we've ranked among Victory Media's Top 10 Military Friendly® Employers 13 years straight. We embrace a robust veteran workforce and encourage veterans and veteran spouses to apply.USAA Careers - Award Winning Workplace (17 seconds)USAA Careers - World Class Benefits (31 seconds)* Maintains awareness of the latest critical information security vulnerabilities, threats, and exploits.* Assists in conducting routine vulnerability management, security configuration assessments, and/or penetration testing operations.* Monitors internal and external networks, systems, and applications for security anomalies and events (e.g. suspicious behavior, attacks, and security breaches).* Assists in responding to cyber incidents, performing moderately complex analysis using security tools. Builds a broad range of knowledge, understanding, and experience (e.g. forensics, networking, servers, coding, etc.) to determine a malicious actor's tactics, techniques and procedures.* Under direct supervision, uses the discoveries from the incident response process to make basic improvements to the existing detection capabilities and security controls.* Documents findings of completed alerts and assists with incident documentation.* Serves as a resource to team members on escalated issues of a routine nature.* Identifies and manages existing and emerging risks that stem from business activities and ensures risks associated with business activities are effectively identified, measured, monitored, and controlled.* Follows written risk and compliance policies and procedures for business activities.Minimum Education:* Bachelor's Degree, OR, 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.Minimum Experience:* 2 or more years of related experience in Information Security, Cybersecurity and/or Information Technology to include accountability for moderately complex tasks and/or projects.* 1 or more years of related experience in Incident Response, Information Assurance, Forensics and/or Cyber Intelligence.* Developing level of business acumen in the areas of business operations, risk management, industry practices and emerging trends.Preferred Experience:* 12 months recent USAA Insider Threat Response experience* Experience with Internal Risk Management processes* Experience with USAA DLP systems* Familiarity with insider threat risk and threat identificationThe above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.At USAA our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the business, including a flexible business casual or casual dress environment, comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals.Relocation assistance is notavailable for this position.
