Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: San Antonio, TX

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company with offices in Arlington, Virginia. Accenture's federal business has served every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Accenture Federal Services transforms bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes for clients at defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and military health organizations.

We believe that great outcomes are everything. It's what drives us to turn bold ideas into breakthrough solutions. By combining digital technologies with what works across the world's leading businesses, we use agile approaches to help clients solve their toughest problems fast-the first time. So you can deliver what matters most.

Count on us to help you embrace new ways of working, building for change and put customers at the core. A wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture, we bring over 30 years of experience serving the federal government, including every cabinet-level department. Our 7,200 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with our clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intel, public safety, health and civilian to help you make a difference for the people you employ, serve and protect.

The San Antonio Delivery Center is part of the Accenture's US Delivery Center organization, which is comprised of six delivery centers that create client value through innovative technology solutions primarily focused in Application Outsourcing, ERP solutions, Information Management Services, and Net Centric solutions.

Our San Antonio Delivery Center employees can expect to:
work with cutting edge technology
deliver high-quality solutions across multiple industries
work on a variety of projects ranging in both size and scope
receive continuous training and career development
The ServiceNow Developer is responsible for delivering technology innovation and providing the backbone of our systems integration business. Accenture ServiceNow practitioners support the delivery of ServiceNow-based solutions for our clients.

Key Responsibilities may include:

Candidates will demonstrate skills in areas for the administration, development, documentation and technical support of the Service-Now platform. This position will vary in the scope of project responsibilities; however generally this position will focus on designing and delivering technical solutions that are developed on the ServiceNow platform.

Duties may include:
Providing software configuration and customization including, but not limited to: screen tailoring, workflow administration, report setup, data imports, integration, custom scripting and third party software integrations
Obtain and analyze business requirements and develop technical/function requirements
Develop, design and rollout new applications modules, workflows and catalog requests
Candidates should demonstrate experience in the following areas:
Enablement of Human Performance elements of solutions that deliver client value
Design and delivery of technical solutions based on the ServiceNow platform
Some experience in project management and detailed planning
Leadership skills in both technical initiatives
Generating detailed documentation
