Purpose of the Position:

The
Fraud Analyst III is responsible for thoroughly investigating and documenting various
degrees of fraud/AML alerts as assigned. Identifies trends of unusual activity,
escalates when appropriate and assigns cases for BSA review when necessary. The Fraud Analyst III will conduct
investigations involving complex problems and provide recommendations/solutions
to customers and staff. Partners with other financial institutions and law enforcement
agencies to exchange information and coordinate case investigation
collaborations on identified organized crime rings, public corruption,
financial crimes and other violations of federal or state statutes. The Fraud
Analyst III will assist less experienced analysts as needed and may serve as a
lead in the department. They will stay up to date on laws and regulations
relating to fraud/money laundering, as well as attend training sessions as
assigned. Special projects and assignments may be required.

Key Accountabilities:

Conducts thorough investigations of fraud/AML cases with accuracy and within assigned timeframe.Secures accounts by placing restrictions to prevent financial loss.Receives/conducts inbound/outbound calls to customers to validate account activity or discuss fraudulent matters.Escalates cases when appropriate with attached evidence documenting investigation efforts. Responsible for issuing customer credit and submitting fraud claims for recovery efforts when needed.Works closely with all lines of business to minimize losses and maximize recovery efforts.Works the “Red Flag” submissions pertaining to FACT Act Regulations when assigned.Assists with special projects, assignments, and tasks as assigned.Completes leadership and other training as assigned. Maintains current knowledge of federal and state laws pertaining to fraud. Maintains a good working knowledge of Bank Secrecy Act program requirements.
Position: Fraud Analyst III | Division:
Enterprise Risk Mgmt

Work Days:
Mon - Fri | Work
Hours: 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM

Purpose of the Position:

The
Fraud Analyst III is responsible for thoroughly investigating and documenting various
degrees of fraud/AML alerts as assigned. Identifies trends of unusual activity,
escalates when appropriate and assigns cases for BSA review when necessary. The Fraud Analyst III will conduct
investigations involving complex problems and provide recommendations/solutions
to customers and staff. Partners with other financial institutions and law enforcement
agencies to exchange information and coordinate case investigation
collaborations on identified organized crime rings, public corruption,
financial crimes and other violations of federal or state statutes. The Fraud
Analyst III will assist less experienced analysts as needed and may serve as a
lead in the department. They will stay up to date on laws and regulations
relating to fraud/money laundering, as well as attend training sessions as
assigned. Special projects and assignments may be required.

Key Accountabilities:
Conducts thorough investigations of fraud/AML cases with accuracy and within assigned timeframe.
Secures accounts by placing restrictions to prevent financial loss.
Receives/conducts inbound/outbound calls to customers to validate account activity or discuss fraudulent matters.
Escalates cases when appropriate with attached evidence documenting investigation efforts.
Responsible for issuing customer credit and submitting fraud claims for recovery efforts when needed.
Works closely with all lines of business to minimize losses and maximize recovery efforts.
Works the “Red Flag” submissions pertaining to FACT Act Regulations when assigned.
Assists with special projects, assignments, and tasks as assigned.
Completes leadership and other training as assigned.
Maintains current knowledge of federal and state laws pertaining to fraud.
Maintains a good working knowledge of Bank Secrecy Act program requirements.
Competencies and Skills:
Must possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills with ability to gather, organize, and interpret data.
Ability to formulate independent preliminary conclusions.
Cross trained to work BSA/AML alerts and investigations as needed.
Proficient in the use of personal computers and related software packages such as Microsoft Office.
Strong attention to detail with an investigative approach.
Ability to exercise good judgement when assessing risk.
Ability to maintain confidentiality and adhere to bank policy and procedures.
Demonstrates strong communication skills to include written, verbal, and interpersonal skills when communicating with others.
Ability to use sound judgment and handles difficult situations with tact, diplomacy, and discretion.
Ability to manage time and adhere to strict deadlines.
Demonstrates leadership skills and competencies.
Work Experience Requirements:
Three or more years of general banking experience with a minimum of 6-months in fraud investigations.
Basic knowledge of bank administration, lending, operations, and products/services.
Effective verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills with the ability to instruct others, train personnel, write reports, and speak clearly.
Education Requirements:
High school diploma or equivalent; Bachelor’s degree preferred.
Other Qualifications:
Type 30 wpm accurately.
PC/ Strong Microsoft Office skills.
Professional certification(s) a plus (CFE)
Other Requirements:
Experience with Nautilus document imaging software a plus.
Experience with AML/fraud software, such as FCRM, preferred.
This job description is not
designed to be a comprehensive listing of duties, responsibilities, or
activities that are required for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and
activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Broadway
Bank is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.
Broadway Bank is a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace, with a nicotine-free
hiring policy. All qualified applicants
will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color,
ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin,
disability, veteran status, genetic data or other legally protected status.
Member
FDIC
