Job Description
Compensation between $30-$35/ Hourly depending on experience.

Required Functions 1
Gathers and organizes information on problems or procedures.
Analyzes data gathered and develops solutions or alternative methods of proceeding.
Confers with personnel concerned to ensure successful functioning of newly implemented systems or procedures.
Creates and reviews analytical/statistical reports and confers with management and users about format, distribution and purpose, and to identify problems and improvements.
Conducts on-site observation and personnel interviews to determine work-flow processes and needs.
Prepares manuals and trains workers in use of new forms, reports, procedures or equipment, according to organizational policy.
Designs, evaluates, recommends and approves changes of forms and reports.
Plans study of work problems and procedures, such as organizational change, communications, information flow, integrated production methods, inventory control or cost analysis.
Plans and facilitates meetings and communications within assigned department.
Communicates effectively in writing in response to periodic internal and/or external customer correspondence.
Provides business costs and/or operations analysis.
Develops methods for communicating key performance indicators to business unit area (internal and external customers) and contributes to scorecard efforts to provide appropriate detail on improvements.
Performs other duties as assigned."
Required Function 2
"Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Technology, Accounting, Finance or other quantitative field This is highest level subject matter/technical expert and may include limited supervisory responsibilities
Exceptionally strong analytical and problem solving abilities Extensive experience as in an analyst role
Extensive relative experience in finance or accounting Ability to multi-task various critical work assignments in a fast paced environment in a professional manner Initiative to work independently or as a member of a team, coordinating with others to achieve desired results Well-developed written and verbal communication skills for interaction with all levels of personnel
Ability to meet goals and objectives with minimal direct supervision
Effective interpersonal and customer service skills Position content is substantially complex with diverse issues and problems
Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge of a particular field of specialization to complete complex assignments
Ability to make recommendations and independent decisions High level of accuracy of work and attention to detail
Usually works with minimum supervision, conferring with superior on unusual matters
Ability to offer alternative solutions for decision making and recommends optimal choice(s) in support of organizational goals/objectives
Position content is substantially complex with diverse issues and problems
Possesses and applies comprehensive knowledge of a particular field of specialization to complete complex assignments
Proficient in Microsoft Office Package, including word processing, spreadsheets, database, presentation software, electronic mail and scheduling
Preferred Qualifications:

Knowledge of SAP. Master's Degree in Business Administration, Human Resources, Accounting, or Economics"
Company Description
LOD Resource Group is an SBA 8(a), HUBZone, Minority Woman owned multi-discipline firm with a history of success; focused on providing innovative business solutions for our clients. LOD Resource Group provides internship coordination and payroll administration, staff augmentation, training, and human resource management services for educational, commercial, and government agencies. For over a decade, we have partnered with public and private sector organizations to develop innovative business solutions that have overcome the most difficult challenges. From initial evaluation and recommendations, to implementation and execution, Labor On Demand utilizes human resources, industry experience and expertise to implement quality, cost effective business solutions to ensure success.
