Senior Financial Regulatory Reporting Analyst in Texas.

Our Banking Division is growing!! Our employees enjoy one of the best benefits packages in the industry! Includes comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, along with wellness and wealth building programs and a casual dress environment. Additionally, our career path planning and continuing education will assist you with your professional goals. We also offer a variety of on-site services and conveniences to help you manage your work and personal life, including seven cafeterias, two company stores, three fitness centers, 3 Starbucks, walking trails and much, much more. Relocation assistance available for this position.

Job Requirements
Develops and leads teams or processes in the end to end delivery of complex financial and Bank regulatory reporting to include Bank reporting, Bank Holding Company reporting, and /or investment reporting.
Manages, prioritizes and oversees the preparation and review of complex regulatory reports including Call Reports, Reserves, Risk Based Capital, Monitoring, Federal Reserve (Y reports, TIC reports, etc) and broker-dealer reports in addition to audited statements and support schedules.
Analyzes and interprets new and proposed changes to regulatory reporting requirements to determine the impact to our company. Interacts regularly with management, regulatory agencies, and business partners (ie, internal and external audit, treasury, compliance and legal, etc) to ensure appropriate discussion and execution of requisite actions.
Partners with areas across the enterprise to ensure correct and timely receipt of supporting information.
Serves as an advisor and subject matter expert to management as well as a mentor to peers and team members.


Minimum Requirements
Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Finance or related field required; 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree.
6 or more years Bank Holding Company reporting or relevant work experience (ie, regulatory or management reporting for insurance, banking, and/or investments).
Expert-level knowledge of applicable Microsoft Office applications.
Expert-level knowledge of data analysis, and expert-level knowledge of GAAP.


Preferred Qualifications
Master's degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business Administration (MBA)
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)
Bank, bank holding company and broker-dealer regulatory reporting experience
