Read what people are saying about working here. 

At Spotify our mission is to provide the world’s best platform for artists, creators, and fans.

The Licensing Operation team in Legal Licensing is responsible for driving a variety of strategic initiatives, including – among others – implementing licensing contracts, defining the data strategy for major labels and publishers, building standard reports for partners, driving business insights for the licensing team to facilitate contracts negotiation.

We are looking for a very motivated technical analyst to help build the framework of data reporting and analysis for our licensing partners – Labels and Publishers. This is an excellent opportunity for an analyst who has also a technical background to gain more business context by working closer to the partners and business.

Spotify has a rich and constantly evolving landscape of data infrastructure. The scope of this role is to build a data infrastructure of readily available datasets specifically tailored to “licensing partners” needs. And with the help of the other analysts on the team to deliver the best service to our partners.

What you’ll do

Perform analysis on large sets of data to extract composition and licensing details that will help drive decisions relating to licensing

Verbally and visually communicate outcomes to key partners on the licensing and legal teams

Look for opportunities to enhance search methodologies for licensing to solve for legal and licensing requests

Utilize data to help in building relationships with the music label and publishing community as well as non music partners

Partner with other licensing data scientists to drive business insights on labels and publishers

Partner with licensing data scientists and the broader licensing team to help drive and improve partners business reviews

Participate in strategic meetings and driving change and new ideas forward in the team

Work from our New York office in Manhattan

Who you are

You have at least 2 years of experience with working with data analysis.

You have the technical competence to perform data extraction and analysis, with some of the following:

Experience with SQL or R

Data Visualization experience (e.g., Tableau, Qliksense)

Coding skills (such as Python, Java, or Scala)

You have a degree in science, computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar quantitative discipline

You are a communicative person who values building strong relationships with colleagues and stakeholders

You have a deep understanding of numbers and business models, and experience extracting insights from large datasets to drive key business strategies

You are self-driven and have a good understanding of the business and communicate well with non-data colleagues

You are capable of tackling very loosely defined problems

 All your music is here. 

Spotify gives you millions of songs at your fingertips. The artists you love, the latest hits, and new discov...
