Read what people are saying about working here. 

About BlackRock

BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary to investors and a leading provider of financial technology, our clients turn to us for the solutions they need when planning for their most important goals. As of December 31, 2018, the firm managed approximately $5.98 trillion in assets on behalf of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please visit www.blackrock.com | Twitter: @blackrock | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock.

Job Description:

Who we are:

 At BlackRock, we are passionate about technology. We leverage technology to develop actionable data insights that increase the Retail and iShares sales force productivity, efficiency, and revenues.

The role requires working closely with the Sales Enablement and Digital Distribution teams to ensure that insights are delivered with the highest business impact. You will also partner with internal technology teams on infrastructure, tools, processes, standards, and development, as well as other analytics teams across the organization.

The successful candidate will have a passion for technology, comfort working across a range of technology capabilities, including databases, software, and infrastructure, and a love of solving complex problems.

Responsibilities:

Sales Insights: Use data-driven insights to forecast, analyze and provide recommendations that identify cross-sell/up-sell opportunities while delivering improvements to sales force productivity, effectiveness, and strategy

Model Development: Use cutting-edge tools and machine learning techniques to improve customer segmentation, develop propensity models, recommendation engines, and other analytical products to enable sales and distribution improvements

Model Deployment: Work with internal technology teams on the implementation of models and insights into products and services

Partnering: Collaborate with other data scientists across the firm on best practices, code review, internal tools and process improvements

You should have:

Bachelors degree required, Masters degree preferred, in a quantitative discipline (computer science, mathematics, statistics, economics, physics, engineering or related discipline)

Asset management / finance work experience

Intellectual curiosity and a passion for data and emerging technology is a must

Highly quantitative, with a keen eye for teasing out insights from volumes of data

Ability to present insights to internal stakeholders

Strong team player

Technology-savvy and ability to work in multiple systems and languages

Knowledge of model and algorithm development (mathematical and statistical knowledge)

Proficiency in SQL and one of Python/R for programming, data analysis, and modelling

Experience with Hadoop stack (HIVE, Pig, Hadoop streaming) and/or Spark a plus

Experience of developing solutions such as databases, API’s to both source and provide data, and automation a plus

BlackRock is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status, and other statuses protected by law.

BlackRock will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, including any applicable fair chance law.

 BlackRock's business is investing on behalf of our clients, from large institutions to parents and grandparents, doctors and teachers who...
