Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: USA

We are:

Accenture Federal Services, bringing together commercial innovation with the latest technology to help our government reach their full potential. As a U.S. based subsidiary of Accenture, we bring 360-degree customer views by going beyond just capturing and organizing data. We decode information that helps our clients use new technologies confidently. We provide the intelligent experience that employees and customers expect. Powered by innovation we drive digital transformation to enable new outcomes.

You are:

Develop a clearly defined vision demonstrating your understanding of the client's desired business needs and end state. Analyze business processes and how those business processes can impact the end user experience. Conceptualize and visualize end-user experiences that delight the customer as a key priority. Communicate the value gained through the improvements in functionality, design, and/or operations enhanced or developed in ServiceNow. Are curious and self-motivated and are always looking to dive deep into new ServiceNow capabilities and?meaningfully apply them. Develop client relationships easily as your people skills are on point.

The Work:
Experience developing strong relationships with clients and coworkers
Strong oral and written communications skills
Defining User Stories, conducting User Studies, designing and creating Wireframes and graphic assets
Ability to promote and champion your UI/UX design solutions based on reason, research, and data
Experienced in the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) processes including client requirement analysis and system design
Experience in Agile development environments
Working closely with the development team to ensure design follow through and problem resolution
Assists in quality management reviews and ensures that all business and design requirements are met
Lead requirements development of customized components
Work with a team to develop and deliver ServiceNow-based solutions for clients
