Do you have compassion and a passion to help others? Transforming healthcare and millions of lives as a result starts with the values you embrace and the passion you bring to achieve your lifes best work. (sm)

This position will help develop new reporting and analytical tools that will support our drive to 5 star performance for WellMed Central Quality. This individual will also support developers via BRD development, work with stakeholders to develop requirements and answer questions, perform UAT process, and any other related ad hoc work as requested. The job duties are: ad hoc report creation via SQL or Tableau, BRD creation, and running QA and process verification for more senior developers.

Youll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:
Develop ad hoc reports as needed using SQL, Tableau or other reporting tools as needed.
Develop BRD for new and existing reports.
Perform QA and process checks for new dashboards and reports during the transition from development to production.
Develop best practices and document use cases.
Develop working relationships with other Quality stakeholders
We work in an Agile Scrum environment, which means our work is collaborative and reacts to customer needs
The pace is fast and youll need to be comfortable managing multiple priorities. You may be required to work in multiple locations, so scheduling flexibility is essential. You must also be able to respond calmly and effectively in emergency situations.

You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree or equivalent experience
5+ years of business analyst experience
5+ years of experience with MS Excel; with expert level skills
5+ years of SQL server experience
4+ years of experience building Tableau dashboards for various stakeholders.
4+ years of experience performing data analytics
Have one more certifications in Tableau or well documented experience developing in the tool
Ability to anticipate and drive change
Able to communicate to multiple stakeholders with different backgrounds and perspectives
10% travel: to conferences / large meetings as needed
Preferred Qualifications:
2+ years of experience with Alteryx or other ETL software
Experience with marketing databases or UNICA
Knowledge of managed care and government pay for performance programs
Experience in healthcare, understanding of Medicare Advantage/Risk Adjustment, Affordability/Medical Savings and Quality/STARS/HEDIS
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. Were innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. Were impacting 380,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. Weve joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your lifes best work.(sm)

*All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Groups Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Senior Quality Analyst, Tableau, Telecommute, Telecommuting, Telecommuter, Work from home, Work at home, Remote
