*This position is contingent upon government funding and award of contract to Clear Resolution Consulting**
JOB SUMMARY: CRC has a need for a Mid All Source Analyst to serve our customer in Fort Sam Houston, TX.

DESCRIPTION: Candidate shall provide highly qualified personnel to support the CI and HUMINT mission. Services include support to intelligence, analysis, cyber, forensics, technology protection, and computer science. The Contractor personnel must have knowledge of Intelligence Cycle, Intelligence Support/Role in the Military Decision Making Process (MDMP), CI Flags and knowledge of Foreign Intelligence Entity (FIE) Tactical Technical Procedures (TTPs), knowledge of Distributed Common Ground System-Army (DCGS-A), and knowledge of HUMINT collection operations.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Prepare intelligence reports and assessments for the supported command’s mission planning and force protection efforts. The primary focus is two-fold: (1) identify asymmetric threats and vulnerabilities to U.S. interests in the AOR and (2) assess and monitor the internal security situation in the AOR as it pertains to force protection.
Prepare intelligence reports and recommend courses of actions to the Government on measures. Products include threat assessments, trend analyses, and information papers using a multidiscipline approach. The Contractor shall incorporate all-source information to produce time-sensitive intelligence reports and finished intelligence products.
Prepare intelligence after action reports (AARs) in support of efforts aimed at developing a comprehensive intelligence training program to include instruction, exercises, and self-paced Computer Based Training (CBT). All-source intelligence analyst will not conduct training. The training requirements shall include the development and delivery of specialized classes to train individuals, small teams, and units (to include those of partner nations) in the intelligence disciplines required to counter emerging threats. Topics for training may consist of virtually any intelligence-related task to include: all-source analysis, link analysis, and pattern analysis to identify key vulnerabilities, including adversary capabilities, to mitigate identified CI, CT, and FP threats.
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:
Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a security background investigation and polygraph
Bachelor's Degree in a related field
Minimum 8 years of experience conducting analysis relevant to the position, with at least a portion of the experience within the last 2 years
Familiarization with DCGS-A
Travel CONUS or OCONUS for temporary duty in support of screening operations or other related support tasks as approved by the Government COR.
COMPANY DESCRIPTION:

Clear Resolution Consulting, LLC provides Intelligence Analysis, Business Management, Cyber Operations, Special Operations and Information Technology Consulting Services to the Department of Defense (DoD), Intelligence Community (IC) and other Federal Agencies.

This is a full-time position with employee and family medical, dental, and vision plans, life and AD&D insurance, generous holidays and personal leave, 401(K) with company matching, short-term/long-term disability insurance, and tuition assistance.

Clear Resolution Consulting, LLC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy and gender identity), national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, retaliation, parental status, military service, any other non-merit factor, or any other characteristic protected by law.
