Job Description
Epidemiology/Data Analyst, San Antonio, TX, US, ID# 18108

Cherokee Nation Assurance (CNA) delivers a broad spectrum of professional management consulting services to its defense, health, environmental and civilian agency clients. To assist clients in achieving their goals, CNA provides a tailored management approach for complex government programs and disciplines including health information technology, research & science, program management, communications, correspondence and document management, governance and administrative support. Wholly owned by Cherokee Nation, CNA is part of the Cherokee Nation Businesses family of companies.

For more company information, visit our site at http://cherokee-cna.com/Pages/Home.aspx

For more company information, visit our site at http://cherokee-os.com/Pages/Home.aspx

SUMMARY

Cherokee Nation Assurance (CNA) is looking for a Epidemiology/Data Analyst located at Lackland AFB, San Antonio, TX. The Epidemiology/Data Analyst instructs all levels of Enterprise-Wide information system managers and users, to include but not limited to CHAS application users, on various epidemiology and data base applications.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Coordinates database; create user profiles; query system to produce reports; perform data cleaning and quality control; and maintain data dictionary statistics.
Develop and implement empirically sound data analysis plans in keeping with evaluation and research questions
Perform routine and complex statistical analysis, ensuring statistical integrity and efficiency using statistical software, such as Statistical Package Social Sciences (SPSS), R+, or Statistical Analysis Software (SAS)
Coordinate all data collection and entry activities, ensuring minimum data integrity standards and completion of tasks in a timely manner
Identify data entry barriers, working with program staff to research and address issues
Collaborate with staff to implement data entry plans, scheduling and monitoring completion of tasks; recommend strategies for optimizing and integrating data across multiple platforms.
Analyze reports of data duplicates or other errors to provide ongoing appropriate communication with staff
Generate routine and ad hoc reports, charts and other department presentation materials
Provide support to develop new data collection instruments and pilot testing
Implement or support all research and program evaluation projects, including writing evaluation plans and research proposals, publications and researching grant opportunities
Update evaluation data; provide to staff requests for data; and conduct routine e-literature search
Identify and interpret trends and patterns in complex data sets.
Develop and conduct surveys and focus groups, and gather other forms of qualitative data, including participant recruitment, volunteer training and scheduling
Research and provide surveillance accounts of emerging research findings in the field as they relate to key areas
Develop and design systems based or automated solutions to enable data collection, tracking and reporting
Engage operational and Line of Air Force (LAF) leadership and functional managers where necessary to identify and procure data sharing and user agreements

SUPERVISOR/MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY
No supervisory/management authority.

EDUCATON AND EXPERIENCE
Master’s degree required in any one of these areas: Epidemiology, Bio-Statistics/Statistics, Public Health or closely related fields
Expert knowledge of statistical software to perform complex statistical analysis and to compute data, including regression and modeling, required
Minimum of four (4) years of experience, preferably within the last five (5) years working in a similar public health role, conducting epidemiologic research and/or program evaluation and statistical analysis preferred
U.S. citizenship required

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
Excellent communication skills
Strong customer service skills
Maintain a high level of confidentiality and integrity in dealing with sensitive issues, exhibiting professionalism always
Capable of building relationships with all levels of providers
Ability to meet and adhere to stringent deadlines

WORK ENVIRONMENT
The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment.

With $400 million in annual revenue, 20% growth per year, approximately 950+ active contracts serving 60+ government agencies in 25 countries, 47 states, 2 territories and 2000+ employees, Cherokee Nation Businesses’ (CNB) group of Federal Contracting Section 8(a) companies is well positioned to deliver expertise needed to solve complex technical issues. Federal Solutions provides an array of services for 12 of the 15 cabinet-level departments and agencies – from applications and data services to cybersecurity and national defense.

Why consider Cherokee Nation and our Federal Solutions business? Here are some great resources highlighting what we do and compelling reasons for joining our team!

https://cherokee-federal.com/

http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/careers/Pages/home.aspx

http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions/Pages/overview.aspx

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you’d like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster

If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may email “CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com” for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status.

For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link: Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision

We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for the purpose of proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2018 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at “CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com” This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.

Company Description
Cherokee Federal – a division of Cherokee Nation Businesses – is a team of tribally owned federal contracting companies focused on building solutions, solving complex challenges, and serving the nation’s mission around the globe for more than 60 federal clients. Our team of companies manages nearly 1,000 projects of all sizes across the construction, consulting, engineering and manufacturing, health, and technology portfolios.
Since 2012, the Cherokee Federal team of companies has won more than $5 billion in government contracts. Our 3,000+ employees work in 26 countries, 50 states and 2 U.S. territories.
