Job Description:

Knowledge and experience in leading and supporting PCA/FCA Audits, ability to author and implement configuration management plans and manage through CM lifecycle. Assist in code migration and release management, planning and coordination of IT initiates such as release deployment plan, disaster recovery validation plan, etc. Knowledgeable and experience in Ticket queue management and close collaboration with release management team and developers/testers. Ability to proactively monitor environments to ensure a stable and well-performing application. Able to work effectively in a client facing role and build a trusting relationship with major project stakeholders and lead them to adoption of the best solution.

Required Skills:

1. Minimum 1 - 2 years of Configuration Management and relevant experience
Ability to quickly learn technical administration and support activities related to COTS and custom applications
Experience providing technical application support for Enterprise client-server/database applications.
Experience with Oracle DB, Oracle EBS Application system support/implementations
Active Secret Clearance or ability to get secret clearance
Security+ Certified
Good communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills

1. Understanding of Oracle applications System Architecture and OS
Understanding of 11g and later versions of Oracle database
Understanding of COTS and Oracle EBS Application administration in Oracle HCM Module
Experience working with in DoD related systems
Candidate should be a quick learner that can independently problem solve, balance multiple work streams concurrently, and work collaboratively with the team.

Recruiter Name: Guru

Phone Number: 281-612-0298

CompQsoft is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. M/F/D/V

Visit www.compqsoft.com to learn more about our culture, benefits.

CompQsoft Inc. Established in 1997, headquarters in Houston, TX and office in Leesburg, VA. CompQsoft offers a range of comprehensive Cyber Security, Infrastructure, Cloud solutions, ERP implementation, Business Intelligence, Application development, Ecommerce applications and Management consulting services. CompQsoft is Certified CMMI Level 3 practitioner for Development and Services, ISO 9001:2008, ISO 20000:2005, ISO 27001:2013 Certified, and has DCAA approved accounting system. CompQsoft is a fast growing company with a strategy and methodology that is strongly focused on the success of our clients, predominantly the Federal government.
