The Senior Business Manager is responsible for managing, implementing and executing on key projects throughout Quality/Risk Adjustment (QRA). The position provides support through representation of senior leadership interests in both internal and external initiatives, and in some cases is an active team member on QRA strategy initiatives. This position requires a unique skill set that includes leading cross-functional leaders on complex projects, collaborating vertically and horizontally throughout the organization, understanding workflow, and creating a collaborative environment to work effectively throughout the organization to ensure alignment of strategy and approach. Accountable for supervising assigned projects and operational collaboration during implementation of new processes. Coordinates with project managers, program managers, business analysts, training teams, and other stakeholders to ensure all goals and objectives are met.

Primary Responsibilities:
Creates and executes Project plans and revises appropriately to meet changing requirements and needs
Plans and schedules Project timelines and milestones using the appropriate tools
Manages day-to-day operational and tactical activities of a Project
Develops and delivers Progress Reports, Proposals, Requirements Documentation and Presentations
Diagnoses task/procedural change issues and helps to resolve the problem
Develops and maintains strong relationships with both internal/externals customers, IT, enterprise wide business units, OptumCare Delivery Organizations and senior executives to influence project teams and gain consensus on the selection of the most viable solutions
Provides analysis, recommendations, and options to the VP, Risk Adjustment regarding decisions to be made or problems to be solved in internal or external meetings
Lead complex projects that require cross functional coordination. Works closely with all departments to accomplish mutual goals and strategies in order to achieve company goals
Understands and helps prioritize projects, business initiatives and strategic plans
Coordinate and manage WellMed QRA Advisory, Governance and Regional Reporting committees to include agendas with appropriate backup materials; take minutes, and provide follow-up correspondence
Serves as a SME for OptumCare for external organizational QRA reporting as needed. Set team direction, problem-solve and guide team members as needed
Identify and analyze trends, strategies and tactics to increase the productivity of the QRA teams to drive positive performance on organizational key performance metrics and improve the customer experience
Partner with key stakeholders to ensure projects are aligned with the goals and objectives of the business
Identify, develop, and present recommendations; lead implementation of approved solutions
Facilitates long-term planning and oversight to maintain operations of the Risk Adjustment Department assuring activities are appropriately integrated into the strategic direction of the business
You'll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Bachelors degree
5+ years of experience comprised of project coordination, project management, and business process improvement in an academic and/or job setting
Possession of strong analytical skills used in evaluating and analyzing data
Intermediate PC skills (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook)
Experience with process mapping methodology and creating process maps
Ability to travel up to 25%
Preferred Qualifications:
Masters degree in Health Administration, Finance, Public Health or Business Administration
PMP or CAPM certification
2+ years of Healthcare or clinic operations experience
Careers with WellMed. Our focus is simple. We're innovators in preventative health care, striving to change the face of health care for seniors. We're impacting 240,000+ lives, primarily Medicare eligible seniors in Texas and Florida, through primary and multi-specialty clinics, and contracted medical management services. We've joined Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of companies, and our mission is to help the sick become well and to help patients understand and control their health in a lifelong effort at wellness. Our providers and staff are selected for their dedication and focus on preventative, proactive care. For you, that means one incredible team and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm)

WellMed was founded in 1990 with a vision of being a physician-led company that could change the face of healthcare delivery for seniors. Through the WellMed Care Model, we specialize in helping our patients stay healthy by providing the care they need from doctors who care about them. We partner with multiple Medicare Advantage health plans in Texas and Florida and look forward to continuing growth.
Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: OptumCare is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employers and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

OptumCare is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job Keywords: Senior Business Manager, Risk Adjustment, San Antonio, TX, Texas
