Overview
Aramark (NYSE: ARMK) proudly serves the worlds leading educational institutions, Fortune 500 companies, world champion sports teams, prominent healthcare providers, iconic destinations and cultural attractions, and numerous municipalities in 19 countries around the world. Our 280,000 team members deliver innovative experiences and services in food, facilities management and uniforms to millions of people every day. We strive to create a better world by making a positive impact on people and the planet, including commitments to engage our employees; empower healthy consumers; build local communities; source ethically, inclusively and responsibly; operate efficiently; and reduce waste. Aramark is recognized as aBest Place to Work by the Human Rights Campaign (LGBTQ), DiversityInc, Black Enterprise and the Disability Equality Index. Learn more atwww.aramark.com or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.

Description

The Financial Analyst- Healthcare is responsible to analyze all aspects of finance, including budget and critiques

Responsibilities Include:
Responsible for providing analytical support to the Senior Finance Manager.
Weekly AR Updates, AP Management for status, Submittal of Invoices to AP, Support all US Locations for AP Accounting
OH Account Management; Payroll, AP, T&E Expenses
End of Month; Balancing TDR updates in Metrics
Prepares and leads the monthly financial review with the client; providing custom reports as needed, and responds quickly to questions and requests. Assists in nurturing the relationship with the client.
Prepares monthly bank account reconciliations, ensuring that discrepancies are resolved in a timely manner.
Completes weekly, monthly and annual operating reports, all sales reports, special events sales billings and cash register audits for facility in a timely manner. This includes summary reports, variance reports and all food, labor and direct costs statistical reports.
Coordinates financial audits of component with internal and external auditors.
Maintains compliance with ARAMARK's standards of operation, client contract and within ARAMARK's Business Conduct Policy.
Manages and communicate cash flow related issues. This includes accurate and timely preparation of cash flow statements, management of receivables, payables, cash balance, control mechanism and timely deposits of all funds (weekly).
Generates Period critique reports for client and attending Accounting and Finance meetings.
Responsible for working on special projects (P.O. CER Requests & Reconciliation). Responsible for addressing any operational or financial issues in Budgeting and Forecasting.
Supports Senior Finance Manager in preparing Financial Projections
Supports FLM in weekly closing of GFF.
Reviews financial measures of effectiveness daily. Develops methods of tracking financial performance.
Additional tasks and responsibilities may be assigned at the discretion of the manager.
Follows ARAMARK policies and procedures and safety policies.
May be required to work nights, and/or weekends
Maintains friendly, efficient, positive attitude towards customers, co-workers and clients.
Conduct and document financial analysis. This is to include areas such as labor cost, revenue, expenses, inventory and profit by area of responsibility.
Monitor for internal compliance using Aramark standards and templates.
Assist with internal and external audits.
Reconcile and balance general or subsidiary ledgers, annual budgets and compile segments of monthly closing and other financial analysis.
Oversee the process of A/P, A/R, and or payroll.
Train office staff on specific finance functions.
Maintains compliance with ARAMARKs standards of operation, client contract and within ARAMARKs Business Conduct Policy. Maintains all records and reports necessary to comply with ARAMARK/HSS, government and accrediting agency standards, regulations and codes.
Maintains compliance with all requirements of Federal, State and local regulations and guidelines including the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended, and the Americans with Disabilities Act, as amended.

Qualifications

Minimum Education and Experience:
Bachelor degree accounting or finance required.
Must have Computer Information Systems training or experience.
Requires minimum of 4 years of related experience.
Excel proficiency required
Must have experience in management or supervisory position.
Computer skills necessary.
Effective communication, analytical and interpersonal skills required.
Must be proficient in financial calculations and have a moderate understanding of the accounting function.
Must be able to use the spreadsheet as a tool in analysis.
