Overview

At Perficient you ll deliver mission-critical technology and business
solutions to Fortune 500 companies and some of the most recognized brands on
the planet. And you ll do it with cutting-edge technologies, thanks to our
close partnerships with the world s biggest vendors. Our network of offices
across North America, as well as locations in India and China, will give you
the opportunity to spread your wings, too.

We re proud to be publicly recognized as a Top Workplace year a
year. This is due, in no small part, to our entrepreneurial attitude and
collaborative spirit that sets us apart and keeps our colleagues impassioned,
driven, and fulfilled.

Perficient is currently looking for aLead Business Consultant - Oracle Planning
Cloudto join ourOracle EPM National Business Unit.

Job_Overview

The Lead Business Consultantis responsible for working on implementations of
the Oracle Cloud application for Perficient clients. As a Lead Business
Consultant, you will be working as part of a project team that includes a
Perficient Project Manager as well as client personnel, including C-level
executives. This position includes both technical consultants responsible for
infrastructure, customization, and integration of Oracle EPM Cloud
applications; as well as functional consultants who possess a deep
understanding of corporate accounting concepts including financial reporting,
allocations, and consolidations.

Responsibilities
Analyze business application and data processing problems/limitations
Working Knowledge of Oracle EPM Cloud applications and strong
understanding of Oracle Planning Cloud (PBCS).
Work with the client's executive and financial leadership teams to
gather/analyze business requirements
Identify business solutions necessary to expand/improve existing systems
Utilize knowledge of financial reporting, forecasting, and consolidations
process to assist with implementation of customized business applications
Identify and document designs in a business intelligence environment
Work as part of a team to implement Oracle EPM Cloud business
applications to assist with budgeting, financial reporting, forecasting,
etc.
Develop and modify rules to translate data into business reports
Modify reports to provide efficient technical solutions for end users
Qualifications
Bachelor's degree (or foreign equivalent) in Business Administration,
Computer Science, Accounting, Computer Information Systems or related
field
Three (3) years of experience working with Oracle Cloud EPM business
applications
Must have skills in Oracle Planning Cloud (PBCS) and other Oracle EPM
applications
Must travel to perform job duties at various client sites throughout the
US.
Perficient full-time employees receive complete and competitive benefits. We
offer a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation, generous
work/life opportunities and an outstanding benefits package that includes paid
time off plus holidays. In addition, all colleagues are eligible for a number
of rewards and recognition programs including billable bonus opportunities.
Encouraging a healthy work/life balance and providing our colleagues great
benefits are just part of what makes Perficient a great place to work.

More_About_Perficient

Perficient is the leading digital transformation consulting firm serving Global
2000 and enterprise customers throughout North America. With unparalleled
information technology, management consulting and creative capabilities,
Perficient and its Perficient Digital agency deliver vision, execution and
value with outstanding digital experience, business optimization and industry
solutions.

Our work enables clients to improve productivity and competitiveness; grow and
strengthen relationships with customers, suppliers and partners; and reduce
costs. Perficient's professionals serve clients from a network of offices
across North America and offshore locations in India and China. Traded on the
Nasdaq Global Select Market, Perficient is a member of the Russell 2000 index
and the S&P SmallCap 600 index.

Perficient is an award-winning Premier Level IBM Business Partner , a Microsoft
National Service Provider and Gold Certified Partner, an Oracle Platinum
Partner , an Adobe Business Solution Partner , and a Salesforce Platinum
Consulting Partner .

Perficient is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion,
sex, national, origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any
other characteristic protected by law.

Disclaimer: The above statements are not intended to be a complete statement of
job content, rather to act as a guide to the essential functions performed by
the employee assigned to this classification. Management retains the discretion
to add or change the duties of the position at any time.

Options

Apply for this job online Apply

Share

Refer this job to a friend Refer

Sorry the Share function is not working properly at this moment. Please refresh
the page and try again later.

Share on your newsfeed

Need help finding the right job?

We can recommend jobs specifically for you! Click here to get started.

Select work authorization questions to ask when applicants apply

Are you legally authorized to work in the United States?
Will you now, or in the future, require sponsorship for employment visa status
(e.g. H-1B visa status)?

Show moreShow less
