ICF is seeking an experienced Cyber Hunt Analyst to provide support the ongoing analysis of threats capable of impacting resources being serviced by the CSSP activity based on review of programmatic, technical, and Information Assurance (IA) Certification and Accreditation documentation and daily review of open source / unclassified and classified threat warnings and bulletins.

Core Duties:
Execute, draft, edit, and maintain SOP documentation
Review IA certification and accreditation documentation, programmatic, and technical documentation for the CSSP and Network Protection Suites
Perform daily review of cyber threat warnings, bulletins, alerts, and incident reporting documentation and databases
Provide support to the development of Cyber Exposure Analysis Reports based on current threats to subscriber networks
Perform daily review of open source / unclassified sources of cyber threat warnings, vulnerability announcements, from the DoD Information Assurance Vulnerability Management program, National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) National Vulnerability Database (NVD), SANS Institute and Internet Storm Center, security vendor advisories, and other cyber security new media sources for information that may impact operations
Perform analysis and identify threats, vulnerabilities, or change to the level of risk associated with continued operations
Communicate to CSSP subscribers the results of the threat analysis and the associated reporting. Assist CSSP subscribers with comprehending the reporting; perform supplemental research, and guidance on implementing the prescribed risk mitigation strategy
Coordinate and de-conflict threat analysis activities and reporting with existing CSSP Information Assurance Vulnerability Management (IAVM) program infrastructure
Coordinate the results of threat analysis with the current network monitoring resources for the creation of user defined signatures and other alerting capabilities to manage risks
Mentor junior cyber threat analysts and assist with construction of a robust CSSP cyber threat analysis capability
Provide on-call support for mission critical activities during non-core business hours consistent with CSSP requirements
Participate in program reviews and onsite certification evaluations
Coordinate with Incident Response and Infrastructure Support staff to meet CSSP requirements
Basic Qualifications:
5+ years relevant IT experience.
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience
Security clearance required - DOD preferred
An advanced understanding of current threats and trends present in the Information Security and Technology field
Advanced knowledge of systems and network technologies and protocols
DOD 8570 Compliance, or the ability to quickly obtain and maintain active security certifications
Strong initiative and a personal interest in Information Technology Security
People skills and the ability to communicate effectively with various clients with the ability to explain and elaborate on technical details
Professional Skills:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Excellent problem solving skills.
Working at ICF

Working at ICF means applying a passion for meaningful work with intellectual rigor to help solve the leading issues of our day. Smart, compassionate, innovative, committed, ICF employees tackle unprecedented challenges to benefit people, businesses, and governments around the globe. We believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth. If you’re seeking to make a difference in the world, visit www.icf.com/careers to find your next career. ICF—together for tomorrow.

ICF is an equal opportunity employer that values diversity at all levels. (EOE – Minorities/Females/ Protected Veterans Status/Disability Status/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity). For more information, please read our EEO & AA policy.

Reasonable Accommodations are available for disabled veterans and applicants with disabilities in all phases of the application and employment process. To request an accommodation please email icfcareercenter@icf.com and we will be happy to assist. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations. Read more about non-discrimination: EEO is the law and Pay Transparency Statement.

Texas Client Office (TX88)
