Job Description:
Accept and registers Service Calls.
Classify Service Calls according to the specified options.
Execute 1st attempt to solve the Service Call.
Refer Service Call to the appropriate Resolution Owner Support Group.
Tracks the progress of an owned Service Call during the entire life cycle (from start to end, register to close) to ensure that it is resolved within the agreed Service Level Agreement (SLA) and updates Service Call records if necessary.
Escalate to the appropriate management level when thresholds are violated.
Close Service Call.
Communication (internally / externally) about Service Calls, e.g., communicates the status of the Service Call directly with the customer or broadcasts to a larger audience as defined per Service Level Agreement (SLA).
Report about Service Calls.
Communicate response times for dispatched tickets to the customers.
Manage the entire service request process ensuring adherence to Service Level Agreement (SLA).
Execute service requests such as setting up NT/Outlook accounts as per the Service Level Agreement (SLA).
Process and send IT reports.
Skills Required:
Customer-focused.
Thorough knowledge of troubleshooting remote access issues.
Excellent communication skills (active listening skills).
Able to articulate and speak with a clear voice.
Diplomatic and must have interpersonal skills.
Able to understand the business's objectives.
Able to understand and accept that the Customer's issues affect the business and that without the customer, there is no support department and that the Customer is an expert in their field.
Must have empathy with end-users.
Team player.
Professional code of conduct.
Must have a good understanding of the organization.
Must have basic technical knowledge of all technology used for the business processes.
Able to deal with stress.
Good writing techniques.
Good phone techniques.
Technical Skills:
A technical help-desk or technical call center experience is necessary.
Disciplined, systematic problem-solving skills required.
Hands-on work experience with the following:
Windows Operating systems.
Clients - Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, Windows 2000.
Servers - Windows 2000, Windows 2003, Windows 2008.
Knowledge of Active Directory, Exchange 2003/2007.
ITSM ticketing tools such as Remedy, HP Service Center, Peregrine Service Center.
User account creation for Active Directory, Exchange Mailboxes, Distribution lists.
Remote desktop connectivity applications like SMS, Bomgar, WebEx, Live Meeting, and Windows Native tools.
Microsoft Office Suite (XP, 2003, 2007) - Microsoft-Word, Microsoft-Excel, Microsoft-PowerPoint, MS-Outlook, Microsoft Project, and MS Visio.
Internet browsers (e.g., Explorer, Chrome, Firefox).
VPN and remote dial-in users.
Support for laptops, desktops, and printers.
PDA and Blackberry support.
Others:
Adobe Acrobat and other common desktop applications like Winzip, etc.
