Ref ID: 04080-0010717121Classification: Desktop Support Analyst

Compensation: $16.00 to $18.00 hourly

Hello! We have an opening for a Desktop Support Analyst to join a company in the Banking industry here in San Antonio, Tx!

The ideal candidate must be able to work in a Dynamic Work Environment to help provide consistently high-quality service and support to end-users. Desktop Support Analysts are expected to work from their desks and provide service at the users desks as needed. This is a great position if you have about 1-2 years of experience and seeking to grow in an IT environment!

Primarily responsibilities are:
• Accurately record and document all details of the issue or service request, including categorization and priority into the IT service desk tool.
• Provide remote access via IT service desk tool and or Skype for Business
• Experience with Active Directory and O365
• Provide hands-on support to internal staff. Maintaining hardware/software support.
• Leverage internal and external resources (knowledge bases, manuals, support sites, vendors) to answer questions and resolve issues.

If interested in the Desktop Support Analyst position please email your updated resume to mayra.garcia@rht.com or contact us at 210-696-1134.

Job Requirements:
PC Skills, PC Desktop - Workstation, Printers, WPAN - Wireless Personal Area Network, Mac OS, VOIP - Voice Over IP

Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets.

From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNEs Most Admired Companies list every year since 1998.

Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go!

Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.com/jobs/technology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities.

All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada.

© 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/Disability/Veterans.

By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use.
