Additional Information: This announcement may be used to fill one or more vacancies.
Duties and responsibilities vary and may increase according to grade level.
This public notice may be used to fill target grades (i.e. GS-05 and GS-07)IF USING EDUCATION TO QUALIFY: If position has a positive degree requirement or education forms the basis for qualifications, you MUST submit transcriptswith the application. Official transcripts are not required at the time of application; however, if position has a positive degree requirement, qualifying based on education alone or in combination with experience; transcripts must be verified prior to appointment. An accrediting institution recognized by the U.S. Department of Education must accredit education. Click here to check accreditation.

FOREIGN EDUCATION: Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the requirements. You must show proof the education credentials have been deemed to be at least equivalent to that gained in conventional U.S. education program. It is your responsibility to provide such evidence when applying.GENERAL EXPERIENCE: GS-05: Three years of general experience, one year of which was equivalent to the next lower grade (GS-04) or equivalent. General experience may have included performing highly structured work assignments of limited difficulty combined with training that familiarizes the employee with functions and operations of the organization.

SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: GS-07: At least one (1) year of specialized experience at the next lower grade (GS-05) or equivalent. Specialized experience which included performance of developmental assignments of moderate difficulty where work assignments consisting of analyzing and resolving routine problems, assists in preparing reports and briefings, participates in special initiatives, studies and projects.

OR. To view qualifying educational requirements and/or combination of education and specialized experience click on the following link: https://www.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0500/budget-analysisseries-0560/

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES (KSAs): Your qualifications will be evaluated on the basis of your level of knowledge, skills, abilities and/or competencies in the following areas:
Knowledge of commonly used budgetary methods, practices, procedures, regulations, policies, and processes to formulate, justify, and execute assigned budget.
Knowledge of automated data processing software programs and capabilities used to accomplish budget/funding tasks.
Skill in gathering, assembling, and analyzing source of factual information, such as that found in accounting reports, payroll records, work reports, or inventory and supply data.
Ability to analyze and evaluate program effectiveness problems, trends, and significant program accomplishments.
Skill in preparing written forms, schedules, and reports related to the obligation and expenditures of funds.
PART-TIME OR UNPAID EXPERIENCE: Credit will be given for appropriate unpaid and or part-time work. You must clearly identify the duties and responsibilities in each position held and the total number of hours per week.

VOLUNTEER WORK EXPERIENCE: Refers to paid and unpaid experience, including volunteer work done through National Service Programs (i.e., Peace Corps, AmeriCorps) and other organizations (e.g., professional; philanthropic; religious; spiritual; community; student and social). Volunteer work helps build critical competencies, knowledge and skills that can provide valuable training and experience that translates directly to paid employment. You will receive credit for all qualifying experience, including volunteer experience.
