We are looking out for a SAS-SQL Analyst for our project team based out of TX.

Job_Summary

Experience in data warehousing development with excellent understanding,
analyzing and documenting and candidate should be very good in client facing,
communication and presentation skills.

Responsibilities
Creative in solving problems, especially thinking outside-the-box to come
up with solutions
Has the flexibility to follow team procedures, yet also has the courage
to suggest improvements
Excellent juggler, especially if you can keep cool under pressure while
multi-tasking.
Takes initiative to find solutions to issues preventing work from
completing on time
Can prioritize multiple assignments with aggressive
Basic_Qualifications
4+ years of coding experience (preferably in SAS, or SQL)
Strong in coding in one or more of the following: Python, SAS, SQL.
Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis
Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy
Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills
Qualification
Bachelors in science, engineering or equivalent
Employee Status : Full Time Employee

Shift : Day Job

Travel : No

Job Posting : Jun 26 2020

About_Cognizant

Cognizant (Nasdaq-100: CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional
services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology
models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach
helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses.
Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is
consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how
Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at or follow us
@USJobsCognizant.

Cognizant is recognized as a Military Friendly Employer and is a coalition
member of the Veteran Jobs Mission. Our Cognizant Veterans Network assists
Veterans in building and growing a career at Cognizant that allows them to
leverage the leadership, loyalty, integrity, and commitment to excellence
instilled in them through participation in military service.

Cognizant is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will
receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender, identity,
sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability,
protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you have a disability that requires a reasonable accommodation to search for
a job opening or submit an application, please email
with your request and contact information.
Show moreShow less
