Job Description:
Primary Purpose
The Business Analyst will support HR systems and process related projects in the My Info Services organization. This individual will be expected to develop their understanding of, and to apply specific knowledge of end to end HR business processes and system capabilities to support HR solutions. The role will provide analytical support to develop, analyze, communicate, document and test business requirements to maintain and enhance the HR systems and services. Additionally, the role is expected to assist with multiple projects simultaneously and work directly with clients and vendors.

Duties and Responsibilities
Performs other duties as assigned (no more than 5% of duties).
Collaborate with our HR system partners, clients and solution/process owners to provide detailed business analyst support on multiple projects simultaneously. Quickly learn new systems and processes and actionably apply that learning.
Work as part of a team to provide detailed business analyst support to understand, analyze, communicate, document and test existing and desired state HR systems/processes. Develop detailed existing and desired state business requirements.
Develop system and process enhancement proposals including defining the magnitude of the change, the value of the change and the return on investment.
Update and maintain solution roadmaps for the major HR systems. Update and maintain the departments processes.
Qualifications:
Qualifications

Education
Bachelor's Degree Business Administration or related field Required
Experience
2+ Relevant experience Required
Skills and Abilities
Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills. Intermediate
Must demonstrate the ability to follow department processes and policies. Intermediate
Experience with business level, financial, etc. data analysis Intermediate
Advanced in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Intermediate
Demonstrated experience with change management Intermediate
Experience working on multiple projects simultaneously Intermediate
Area of Interest:
Human Resources

Full-Time/Part-Time:
Full-time
