Tuvli, LLC
an Akima Company, is
dedicated to providing our customers with superior, integrated technology and
program support services and solutions.
Our systems engineering, information technology, information assurance, program
support and project management staff work closely with customers
to ensure that our solutions are
directly aligned with their business processes and
desired program outcomes. We emphasize affordability, and delivering the best
value for technology investments. Our
personnel enjoy competitive benefits packages and challenging roles in work
environments committed to innovation, diversity and opportunity for career
growth. As an Alaska Native Corporation (ANC), 100
of our company’s profits go
back to our 14,300 Iñupiat shareholders that have resided near and above the
Arctic Circle for more than 10,000 years. Our business helps support their way
of life and contributes to the survival of a culture that has thrived in a
challenging environment.

Tuvli seeks an
Assessment & Authorization
Support Analyst to:

Responsibilities:
Develop,
update, and implement security measures and controls
Secure digital files and
information systems, protecting them from unauthorized access or tampering
Provide technical support and monitor security access
Perform regular internal
and external security audits
Design intruder detection and prevention systems
to prevent network invasion
Analyze the
source of security breaches
Recommend and implement security tools and
anti-malware software
Determine, adapt, and maintain corporate security
procedures and policies
Provide staff with security awareness training
Coordinate security measures with external contacts
Inform management of
security vulnerabilities
Identify cybercrime perpetrators and liaise with the
appropriate authorities if necessary
Conduct in-depth policy analysis at the
Federal, DoD, ODNI, USAF, AF IC, PMO, and site levels
Minimum Qualifications:
IAM Level III
At least three (3) year of experience working in computer network defense as an analyst and CND
Applies experience with RMF, CNSSI 1253, NIST SP 800-53, and NISPOM
Knowledge of Windows, Solaris, and UNIX based operating systems, SSCP, GSEC)
IAM Level III Certifications (CISSP, CISM, or GSLC) preferred
TS/SCI clearance required
The duties and responsibilities listed in this job description generally cover the nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this position. This is not intended to be a complete list of all duties, responsibilities, and skills required. Subject to the terms of an applicable collective bargaining agreement, the company management reserves the right to modify, add, or remove duties and to assign other duties as may be necessary. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

We are an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will receive consideration for employment, without regard to race, color, religion, creed, national origin, gender or gender-identity, age, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran status, disability, pregnancy or parental status, or any other basis prohibited by law.

We are committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you have a physical and/or mental disability and are interested in applying for employment and need special accommodations to use our website to apply for a position please contact, Recruiting Services at job-assist@akima.com or 571-353-7053. Reasonable accommodation requests are considered on a case-by-case basis.

The dedicated email and telephonic options above are reserved only for individuals with disabilities needing accessibility assistance to apply to an open position using our website.

Please do not use the dedicated email or phone number above to inquire on the status of your job application.

In order for our company to stay compliant with government regulations, please apply on line. Please DO NOT email resumes or call in lieu of applying online unless you have a physical and/or mental disability and need assistance with the online application.
