Join Aya Healthcare, winner of multiple Top Workplace awards!

The Senior Business Analyst will coordinate a new product initiative to streamline internal business operations. They will gather requirements by working directly with end users, create user stories, and coordinate the project details as directed through documentation, development, testing, and implementation. They will also work on ad-hoc projects to facilitate integrations with our clients.

Who We Are:

Our passionate, creative and talented employees are transforming the healthcare staffing industry. We are among the largest and fastest growing healthcare staffing companies in the country, growing over 25% this past year! We value our employees and recognize and reward hard work. We are obsessive about creating great experiences for our clients and employees. We have fun while we work and achieve our goals. We are changing the landscape of the healthcare staffing industry and are looking for like minded individuals who want to make an impact.

We are looking for team members who are:
Self-motivated and achieve goals
Obsessed with creating great experiences for our clients
Outside the box thinkers
Career oriented with a desire for advancement
Enthusiastic about being part of an organization that recognizes your talent
Responsibilities:
Evaluate, prioritize and respond to requests for software updates and modifications
Consistently visualize solutions, document research and implement change
Maintain a detail oriented mindset while innovating new solutions to existing problems
Problem-solve existing challenges and anticipate potential future issues
Manage multiple tasks simultaneously
Produce quality work while maintaining a strong sense of urgency
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree is required, with Information Systems or related field being strongly preferred
5+ years of applicable experience in business systems analysis required
Familiarity with Agile Scrum methodology is required
Experience writing SQL queries
What We Offer:
Free premium medical, dental, life and vision insurance
Generous 401K match
Celebrations! We hit our goals and reward ourselves. Company sponsored happy hours, birthday parties, rewards trips and team building events are always on the horizon.
Unlimited PTO – we believe in travel and time off!
Free delicious food, snacks, organic fruit, and assorted beverages in all our offices
Free Yoga and Boot Camp Classes multiple times a week in our corporate office.
Compensation: DOE

Aya Is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EEO) and welcomes all to apply. Please click here for our EEO policy.
