Credit Analyst
(
Job Number:


050093
)

hours per week
:

40


Description



California Bank and Trust, a leader amongst banks in California with over $10 billion in assets and nearly 100 branch offices in the state, is currently seeking a Commercial Credit Analyst .

Our relationship-centered culture is achieved by providing our associates with the tools, training and opportunities to build the best possible relationships with our customers, and with each other. Our workplace culture values each associates unique experiences, background and perspectives and provides a collaborative environment for all associates to grow and thrive.

Job Requirements:
Conducts credit investigations and analyzes credit information pertaining to loans Investigates all available sources of credit and financial information, including reporting services, credit bureaus, other companies, main office files, and branches.
Analyzes financial statements and related material.
Analyzes financial conditions and trends.
Reviews and reports non-compliance with loan covenants.
Determines cash flow using appropriate tax analysis.
Prepares summaries, presents facts, and offers opinions concerning credit-worthiness.
Provides credit information and references for customers, loan officers, or other agencies as requested.
May provide rates and loan information to clients.
Ensures that all credit files include proper documentation including current financial statements, agency reports, etc.
Maintains control over current accounts, noting payment progress, watching for any developing problems, and keeping loan officers informed.
Writes credit memorandums.
Accompanies lenders on business calls.
Conducts industry research. Assists with special projects as assigned.


Qualifications



Requires a Bachelor's and 1+ years of credit analysis experience, lending/credit procedures and processes or other directly related experience. A combination of education and experience may meet requirements.
Basic knowledge of financial and spread analysis and credit/lending procedures for less complex loans.
Knowledge of and ability to apply commercial credit principles, theories, concepts, and techniques.
Ability to work with lending officers and staff.
Good communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to make sound decisions regarding loans.
Good PC skill required.
Benefits
Competitive compensation commensurate with work experience + incentives
Health Insurance + Life Insurance and 401(k) plan generous company matching
Paid Training, paid Vacation, paid Holidays and promotional opportunities offered from within
Stable Employer, a division of Zions Bancorporation and is included in the S&P 500 & NASDAQ Financial 100 indices.

0

Work Locations


California-San Diego-SD - Clairemont Mesa Ops/Serv

Credit Admin

Jun 4, 2020
