Who We Are

Principle Auto was founded on the desire to change the auto industry. Our purpose is to be a trusted, caring friend helping people move through life in a sustainable way. We are in the business of building relationships and we want to ensure that we are there for our guests throughout their journey.

Our Values Are Our G-U-I-D-E
Great People-We are dedicated to our customers, to our work, and to each other.
Unparalleled Service-We are proactive in our work. We aim to prevent fires instead of having to put them out. We strive to have a servant's heart, and to be selfless in our conduct.
Integrity-We are accountable to each other to do what is right. We keep our commitments.
Defining Excellence-We make our colleagues better. We set each other up for success. We prioritize our work and deliverables in order to meet high yet reasonable expectations
Enthusiasm-We aim to have fun every day. If it's not fun, we find a way to make it so. We are open to new ideas and ways of thinking.
Responsibilities of the Programming Analyst

The Programming Analyst develops and maintains plans outlining steps and timetables for developing programs. The Programming Analyst will analyze, define, and document requirements for data, workflow, logical processes, hardware and operating system environment. The Programming Analyst writes and maintains system documentation, data processing run books, and user manuals. The Programming Analyst analyzes and estimates feasibility, costs, time, and compatibility with hardware and other programs. The Programming Analyst will run tests to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications. The Programming Analyst researches and evaluates software and hardware to assist in programming or to use as program platforms. The Programming Analyst consults with team to prototype, refine, test, and debug programs to meet needs.The Programming Analyst writes, debugs, compiles, tests, and installs program modifications and new programs or modules. Converts designs and specifications into computer code.

Competency and Qualifications of the Programming Analyst
Minimum 2 years' experience.
Knowledgeable in Java programming.
Experience in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
RFID experience.
2 plus years of programming mobile services.
Excellent attention to detail.
Excellent problem solving/analytical skills and knowledge of analytical tools.
Display and execute logical and complex troubleshooting methods.
Ability to work with little to no supervision.
About Our People

We recruit and hire the top talent in the industry. We invest in our people through dozens of training programs offered internally and externally. Principle Auto understands the importance of taking care of its associates and maintaining the unique culture that fosters exceptional care for our guests.

Principle Auto maintains a strong policy of equal opportunities for all associates and applicants of employment. We hire, train, promote and compensate associates on the basis of personal and professional competence and potential for advancement without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, disability or citizenship as well as other classifications protected by applicable federal, state or local laws. EOE

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
