We are:

Accenture Federal Services, the top Federal partner for Microsoft Power Platform. We are kind of a big deal! We leverage business and technical disciplines to transform ideas into fully assessed, designed, and implemented digital solutions. Operating from the nations Capital, we help clients on their digital transformation journey by simplifying their existing IT investments, enhancing connectivity and agility using Microsoft technologies. We sleep well at night knowing our work directly impacts and improves the way the world works. We stay at the top of our game keeping our tech smarts sharp by providing training and certification opportunities. Who wouldnt want to learn and grow in a career, while making a difference?

You are:

A motivated, inquisitive developer. Your superpower? Leveraging Microsoft Cloud Technologies to deliver innovative solutions that help our federal clients serve the American public. Driven by curiosity, you explore how new technologies can be applied to solve challenging business problems. You thrive in a collaborative, creative, and productive team environment. You have top-notch communication skills and youre in your element managing projects and juggling priorities in a fast-paced setting where results are everything.

The work:
Implement application design and development across multiple technology areas
Configure software products and systems
Develop product and platform prototypes
Develop proof of concepts across the technology stack
Drive consistent quality solution development and delivery
Heres what you need:
1 years of experience developing in Dynamics 365 or Power Platform
Experience developing in one of the following: .NET, Java or SharePoint
The extras:

US Citizenship is required

Bonus points if:

Experience with Canvas Apps or Power Automate
Experience developing on Azure services
Experience working with Azure DevOps and continuous integration
Familiarity with Agile software delivery methodologies such as Scrum Dynamics or Power Platform certification from Microsoft
An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.
Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.
Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).
Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
Equal Employment Opportunity
All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.
Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.
Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.
