SWBC has been recognized as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Texas and has an exciting opportunity for the right individual to join an energetic and seasoned team, with an established and expanding national firm. Headquartered in San Antonio, SWBC is a diversified financial services company providing a wide range of insurance, mortgage, and investment services to financial institutions, businesses, and individuals. With offices across the country, SWBC is committed to providing quality products, outstanding service, and customized solutions in all 50 states. SUMMARY Assists in ensuring accurate and timely execution of business transactions by clearly understanding customer's needs and the end-to-end revenue, receivable, and collection processes. Evaluates, monitors, and validates accounts receivable transactions and activities to ensure accuracy and adherence to guidelines and mitigation of operational and financial risk. Prepares summary of receivable activity for entry into the general ledger, management, and customer aging reports. Prepares reconciliations and various journal entries for accounts receivable. Analyzes financial status of collections, monitoring, and studying data to makes recommendation actions as needed. ESSENTIAL DUTIES Works collaboratively with other departments providing resolution and a positive experience for a variety of difficult customer service situations, including Account Managers, Producers, Information Technology, Financial Institution Group, and Treasury. Provides methods to improve processes, including streamlining and automating tasks to reduce manual intervention and decrease potential errors. Provides open communication and training with staff and peers in neighboring departments. Generates both system and manual invoices in Workday and AS400, including electronic cash management (ECM), collections, adjustments, refunds, etc. Produces and distributes monthly administration fee reimbursement statements offering customized distribution for a variety of customers with an array of requirements. Assists management in evaluating appropriate risk management and controls. Creates and maintains customer account information in AS400 and/or Workday for the majority of SWBC business units. Maintains customer contact information, including addresses, emails, and distribution requests. Prepares and clears all reconciliations for SWBC accounts receivable. Generates weekly and monthly reconciliations for administration fees, Employee Benefits Consulting (EBC) commissions received, and aging of accounts receivable. Applies customer payments in Workday and AS400, while researching and resolving discrepancies. Processes carrier commission checks received, as well as evaluates and updates BrokerageBuilder. Automates and creates efficiencies for accounts receivable activities, including invoicing and reporting. Documents business processes with an initiative to reduce paper consumption by scanning all accounting support and documentation into Workday for archival. Conducts regular testing and troubleshooting of key department software, including Workday, FocusNet, Webtop, and FogBugz. Reviews and imports journal entries and adjustments. Performs all other duties as assigned. MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Bachelor's Degree in Accounting, Finance, Economics, or related field from an accredited four-year college or university required. Requires at least one (1) year of experience in general accounting. Accounts receivable experience preferred. Must have excellent multi-tasking, organizational, and interpersonal skills. Must have strong analytical and problem resolution skills. Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills. Must have proficient in Workday and Snagit Editor. Must have proficient Microsoft Office skills, including Outlook, Word, Excel, and Access. Must be able to use basic office equipment, including copy machine, personal computer, and fax. Must be able to type 35 WPM. Must be able to travel locally or nationally by car or plane. Must be able to sit for long periods of time performing sedentary activities. Must be able to stand, stoop, and kneel to file for long periods of time. Mus be able to push, pull, and lift up to 20 lbs. of files, supplies, documents, or other related items. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SWBC is a Substance-Free Workplace and requires pre-employment drug testing. Please note, SWBC does not hire tobacco users as allowed by law. SWBC offers an excellent employee benefits package that includes: 401(k) with company match, medical/dental, Life, Long Term Disability, Accidental Death and Dismemberment, and Long Term Care insurance policies. SWBC also provides opportunities for professional growth. To learn more about SWBC, visit our website at www.SWBC.com. If interested, please click the appropriate apply button. Only those candidates who meet the minimum requirements need apply.
