Position Title: Information Security Analyst

Locations: Fort Belvoir, VA; San Antonio TX; Aberdeen Proving Ground, MD; Schriever AFB, CO; Adelphi, MD

Position Overview:

Position is in support of the U.S. Army CCDC C5ISR Center Sustaining Base Network Assurance Branch (SBNAB). Program objective is to address today's cyber threats by designing and deploying game-changing cyber defense capabilities that allow organizations to defend better, react faster, coordinate rapidly, prioritize efforts, and respond smarter to security events, increased risks, and/or operational directives. Description: Provides programmatic consultation in support of information systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, availability, authenticity, and non-repudiation of the data being assembled, processed, transmitted and stored and assessing privacy governance methodology conditions and in implementing a program that can be applied to discrete privacy tasks or to managing privacy and sensitive data at the enterprise level. Capabilities reflect a strong foundation in Federal laws and regulations governing information security / privacy, and information assurance and a working knowledge of the security standards and controls utilized by Federal civilian agencies, the DoD and the Intelligence Community. Manages and directs the implementation, testing and validation of physical, technical and administrative security requirements and assists in the design of a strong security operations program and an effective business continuity plan. Evaluates programs against Privacy Act, HIPAA/HITECH, Federal and commercial regulations and guidance (e.g., NIST, FISMA, OMB). May monitor, evaluate, and maintain systems and procedures to protect data systems and databases from unauthorized users. Determines causes of security breaches and researches, recommends, and implements changes to procedures to protect data from future violations. Assists in educating users on security procedures. Maintains one or more of the following professional certifications: CISM, CIPA, CISSP. Experienced with frequent use and application of technical standards, principles and theories. Works under general supervision, providing solutions to technical problems of moderate scope/complexity. Responsibilities: A Security Analyst has experience in the concepts, terms, processes, policy and implementation of information security. Must have experience and knowledge of the latest security measures at all stages of an information system life cycle. Must have the ability to solve complex problems involving a wide variety of information systems. Must be able to understand and differentiate between critical and non critical systems and networks.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's (or equivalent) with 2 yrs of experience, or a Master's with 0 yrs of experience.
Requires active TS/SCI clearance with SAP eligibility.
Requires current Information Assurance certification IT-I (A+ CE, CCNA-Security, Network+ CE, SSCP)
current Computing Environment certifications IAW DoD 8570.01-M.
The successful candidate must be a U.S. Citizen and possess and be able to maintain TS/SCI Security Clearance, as a qualification and condition for employment.

DHPC Technologies offers a highly competitive salary and benefits package.
Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance
Paid Holidays/Paid Time Off
401k Retirement Plan with Employer Match
Life Insurance
Long- and Short-Term Disability
Flexible Spending Account
Discounted Legal Service, Income Protection, Discounted Home & Auto
And more!
