Job Description
About this Job
Business Analyst Intern - BC Analytics
Employment Type Part-time / Full-time
Bainbridge Strategy Analytics Firm
If you are among the top percentile of your peers and seek an intensive research and analytic career experience working for Fortune 1000 clients, look closely at the Bainbridge Business Analyst Intern opportunity. Bainbridge, Inc. is a leading national strategy analytics firm serving top tier Fortune 1000 companies with their corporate and business strategy needs in industries ranging from healthcare, technology, media, financial services, manufacturing, and professional services. We help our clients research and formulate strategies that enable them to outperform competition and recognize new market approaches. Through in-depth research and analysis, our Business Analyst Interns become the front line team for exceptional performance and results at our client organizations.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities include:
Data gathering via secondary and primary source research methods
Analyzing qualitative data to uncover industry, company, and customer trends
Creating in-depth client reports and polished deliverables
Effectively communicating research results to the Business Analyst team and making the appropriate strategic recommendations
To qualify for this excellent opportunity, candidates must:
Be currently enrolled or recently graduated from a in a four-year college/university undergraduate or graduate program
Strong research and analytical skills
Strong problem-solving skills
Excellent written communication skills
Ability to work independently and interdependently within a team environment
Adept at managing multiple projects and completing deliverables on schedule
Foreign language skills preferred but not required
Proficiency in Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Be able to work a minimum of 15 hrs/week
Position Location: Remote, location agnostic, U.S. preference
Compensation: Hourly/Contract/Academic Internship
Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, the individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
Education/Experience: Currently enrolled in University with Business/Consulting background interests
Why Work Here?
"Forbes rated award winning professional consultancy with exceptional growth in new technology, meritocracy, expanding management team"
Bainbridge is a global strategic analytics firm, delivering high value advisory services to the Fortune 1000. Founded out of MIT, our main goal is to help clients achieve their strategic objectives while our team members achieve their highest professional goals.
The company was recently ranked by Forbes Magazine among the 99th percentile of national management consulting firms and by Vault Magazine as a top 50 national management consulting firm. Our culture is one of team work, achievement, and excellence in customer service. From 2015 through 2020 Bainbridge Consulting was recognized by Forbes ranking of America's Best Management Consulting Firms across 14 industries of expertise. In 2016 Bainbridge Consulting was ranked in the Top 50 Most Prestigious Consulting Firms in North America by Vault. In 2007, Bainbridge Consulting was recognized as an employer of choice by the San Diego Business Journal, reflecting the values of teamwork, scholarship, and excellence.

Powered by JazzHR

oJZ7Rg2DKy
