Start your future with a new
mission: Northrop Grumman Mission Systems (NGMS). As a part of the NGMS Team
you’ll join experts in developing systems and solutions that keep our world
safe. Together we protect our troops, public safety, information, and our planet.
It’s unique work. It’s challenging and rewarding. But most of all, it’s work
that makes a difference. Join us and launch your career. We’ll support
you with training, employee resource groups, and our shared vision of global
security.

Northrop Grumman is seeking
experienced and motivated professionals for entry level roles in
Financial Analysis, Business Management, Cost Control, and Pricing. This position will be located in San Diego, CA.

Roles and responsibilities of
the Business Management Analyst will
encompass the following, and vary slightly depending on specific position,
program, or business unit to which you are assigned:
Review and approve changes to performance measurement baseline as
required.
Support audits, reviews, fact-finding, and negotiation support
requested by programs, customers, and company management.
Perform analysis and prepare reports in order to ensure contracts
are within negotiated and agreed-upon parameters and government cost control
guidelines.
Support the preparation and coordination of financial forecasting
and reporting, Annual Operating Plan and Resource Plan.
Perform cost and schedule risk assessments to identify and
mitigate program cost and scheduling risks.
Prepare financial inputs to internal reports and presentation.
Set up a cost control system, monitor and control costs and
schedules on contracts requiring validated cost schedule control system.
Perform program financial analyses and provide both external and
internal reporting (s) for Sector programs.
Perform Earned Value Metric (EVM) tasks including: Work Breakdown
Structure (WBS) development, budget baseline, cost risk analysis/ assessment
and visibility reports, development and analysis of estimates to complete.
Maintain and provide status and tracking information on customer
requests.
Work cooperatively with the technical staff to address customer
requests.
Examine estimates of material, equipment services, production costs, performance requirements, and delivery schedules to ensure accuracy and completeness.
Candidates must be able to make
sound decisions in a timely manner, display strong interpersonal skills, and
have an agile perspective or compliance protocol mandated by regulated
industry.

RELOCATION ASSISTANCE IS NOT
AVAILABLE FOR THIS OPPORTUNITY

Basic Qualifications:

A candidate, regardless
of age and hiring source, must meet ALL of the below criteria.
Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution
in a Business or Finance related field with 3 years of professional experience
in business management, finance, accounting, or related fields – OR –Master’s
Degree from an accredited institution with 1 year professional experience as
described above.
Proficiency in MS Office Suite - specifically
high level Excel skills (including: the ability to insert pivot tables,
Vlookup, and conditional formatting, etc.).
Demonstrated leadership, critical thinking and,
innovative behaviors in past projects, roles, or experiences.
Willingness and ability to travel domestically
up to 10
of the time.
US citizenship is a prerequisite.
Preferred Qualifications:


Demonstrated strong leadership skills as well as
the ability to multi-task in a challenging environment.
Professional experience in a regulated industry:
to include Aerospace & Defense, Insurance, Financial Services,
Telecommunications.
SAP experience.
Earned Value Management Customer Reporting experience
Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO. U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
