Job Description


Job #: 1072365

Seeking a Business Systems Analyst for a 6-month contract in San Diego with the potential to convert to FTE. This role is paying $45-$50/hr. Please send resume to hchase@apexsystems.com if interested.

JOB Objective

This position serves as a liaison between the business units, product management and the technical teams. Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and internal/external user needs. Under general direction, formulates and defines systems scope and objectives based on both user needs and a good understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.

DIMENSIONS
Concurrent elicitation and development of business and technical requirements for 3 to 5 projects and minor enhancements.
Collaborates with senior management and staff of 25 departments, 28 branches, and call center, as well as multiple external vendors and organizations.
Manages business and technical requirements for complex projects that have substantial effect on member service and significantly impact the financial standing and overall welfare of the credit union.
Participates in Subject Matter testing of software development applications (online and mobile)
Supervisory responsibilities
This position reports directly to the Manager of Project Delivery.
NATURE & SCOPE:
Interview internal/external users to define business process, document business requirements and translate into proper system requirements specifications, user stories in alignment with agile principals.
Elicit business and technical requirements for new solutions and enhancements to existing solutions.
This position also requires the ability to document business and technical processes through workflow design, training procedures, and standard operating procedures, including but not limited to use-cases, user stories, business process flows, data process flows, report mock-ups and business rules.
Work with counterparts in IT to define solution architecture and integration requirements to assure the quality of system, improve stability, increase flexibility, and reduce total cost of ownership
Assist end users with leveraging the full capabilities of existing technology by providing a holistic view of system capabilities to enhance end user productivity and improve efficiency
May serve as a subject matter expert on the specified system(s) or application(s) and serve as a point of contact between the business unit and Information Technology
Ensure that projects are completed on time, accurate to defined specifications within budget; provide support to software development and QA staff as needed. May preform QA functions as necessary.
Provide technical consultation services to customers relating to the company's business processes, system requirements and other technical issues
May be internal or external, user-focused, working in conjunction with Professional Services and outsourcing functions.
Other responsibilities as assigned based on business needs
Education, skills, & abilities
Bachelor’s Degree or Equivalent Experience.
Knowledge of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC) and Agile Development.
EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
