Advance Cost Analyst (Supporting DoD)
Location: San Diego, CA
Education Required: Bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
Skills Required:

We are seeking highly motivated individuals with a strong work ethic to support Department of Defense (DoD) projects. Successful candidates will have excellent communication, quantitative, research, and analytical skills in addition to the following:
5+ years cost analysis/cost estimating experience; preferable in DoD acquisition programs
Professional certification from a recognized professional society or educational organization in the specific career field preferred (e.g. ICEAA Professional Cost Estimator/Analyst (PCEA), ICEAA Certified Cost Estimator/Analyst (CCEA), DAWIA level II, etc)
Must be able to obtain a professional certification upon joining Tecolote
Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Project) and cost estimating tools (e.g. ACEIT, Crystal Ball)
Minimum interim Secret level security clearance required. Individuals may be required to obtain Top Secret Clearance.
Bachelor’s degree required. 24 semester hours of quantitative course work (economics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, finance etc.) required to include three hours of college level calculus
Additional relevant experience desired for applicants includes:
Life cycle cost estimate development and documentation
Developing cost estimating methodologies, relationships and cost model development
Cost databases (including data collection, validation and normalization techniques)
Risk and uncertainty analysis
Business case, economic analysis, net present value, and cost benefit analysis
Schedule development and analysis
EVM tools and techniques
Responsibilities:
Conducting cost analyses and cost estimating in support of Life Cycle Cost Estimates, Analyses of Alternatives (AoA), Business Case Analyses (BCAs), and trade studies
Developing cost models and implementing cost estimating methodologies
Providing analytical support for program controls and reporting
Analyzing and assessing programmatic schedules
Benefits:
We offer competitive salaries commensurate with education and experience. We have an excellent benefits package that includes:
Comprehensive health, dental, life, long and short term disability insurance
100% Company funded Retirement Plans
Generous vacation, holiday and sick pay plans
Tuition assistance

Benefits are provided to employees regularly working a minimum of 30 hours per week.

Tecolote Research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource. Our investments in technology and training give our employees the tools to ensure our clients are provided the solutions they need, and our very high employee retention rate and stable workforce is an added value to our customers. Apply now to connect with a company that invests in you.
