Business Systems Analyst III

Prescient Holdings Group, LLC is looking for extraordinary people to join our team!

Prescient Holdings Group (PHG) is a healthcare company providing pharmaceutical management solutions to payers, patients, and providers. We are focused on developing the most effective strategies for optimizing drug access and spend through our suite of formulary and rebate services. PHG is currently searching for a dynamic addition to its team. If you’re interested in a career within a customer-focused, team-oriented environment that rewards innovation, quality, integrity and collaboration, we welcome your application.

Why join Prescient? Because our success is dependent on you; innovative professionals with top notch skills who thrive on opportunity, high performance, and teamwork. We look for individuals who want to work on a team that cares about making a difference in the value of healthcare.

The Scoop:

The Business Systems Analyst is a liaison between end-users/clients and the Technology team. This position reviews, analyzes, and evaluates business systems and user needs. Writes detailed description of user needs, program functional specifications, and steps required to develop or modify computer programs.

What You Get To Do:
Interviews end-users/customers to define business requirements for complex software modifications and enhancements
Translates business requirements by reviewing, analyzing and evaluating needs into functional specifications
Facilitates design sessions with the business and technical resources to ensure that the solutions meet the needs of the business
Consults with technical teams on design and database issues
Defines and documents software specifications to include system requirements, flow charts, screen & report mock-ups, and business rules
Acts as the Scrum Master to support the Agile Scrum process
What You Need:

Education and/or Experience
For consideration, candidates will need a Bachelor's degree (or equivalent combination of education and experience), along with five (5) to eight (8) plus years’ related experience in the essential job functions listed
Prior experience in PBM, pharmaceutical or managed health care industry preferred
Computer Skills

To perform this job successfully, an individual must have:
Strong understanding of web application concepts
Hands on experience writing complex SQLs
Experience with Visio and MS Project
Familiarity with Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle RDBMS
Understanding of Web Services concepts
User Experience and User Interface (UX/UI) concepts
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
None required
Certified Business Analysis Professional (preferred)
Other Skills and Abilities
Requirements elicitation, analysis, and documentation
Leading and facilitating meetings in-person and remotely
Experience with healthcare data (drug information, formulary, etc.)
Knowledge of Business Analysis Best Practices (BABOK)
Negotiating and influencing skills
Understanding of HIPAA compliance
Working knowledge of software development life cycle (SDLC) & Agile SCRUM methodology
Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with onshore/offshore/vendor project teams
Ability to appropriately schedule and prioritize multiple projects to ensure timely and effective delivery of IT solutions
Analytical and problem-solving skills
Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Proven experience promoting process improvement
Good verbal/writing communication as well as interpersonal skills
Travel - This position may require occasional domestic travel and attendance maybe required at various local conferences and meetings.

The Perks:

Medical / Dental / Vision / Wellness Programs

Paid Time Off / Company Paid Holidays

401K with Company match

Life and Disability Insurance

Tuition Reimbursement

Employee Referral Bonus

This position is eligible for Employee Referral Bonus at Level II

EOE, M/F/D/V

OSHA/ADA:

To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

Job Type: Full-time
