What you'll do...
As a seasonal Quality Assurance Analyst, you will be responsible for ensuring that software and hardware implements are functional as specified in the Business Requirements and Functional Requirements and perform as documented or designed and cannot be broken once in the hands of the customer.

In this role, you'll be involved in the beginning of the design cycle to create the use cases that will drive product development. You'll be asked to review requirements for tax accuracy, draft and/or review requirements, workflows, and UI designs for product features and enhancements. You'll also be responsible for ensuring all deliverables are high-quality. Quality is defined as contributing to solutions that deliver a high-quality end-to-end customer experience with a high degree of compliance with business and technical requirements and product and process information.
Write test plans, test cases, use cases, and test strategy documents in compliance with relevant organizational and industry standards.
Create clearly documented defect reports that enable problems to be recreated along with suitable workarounds.
Construct complete/thorough manual test cases based on test design and thorough knowledge of the product and its environment.
Consistently ensure high-quality, thorough manual test cases that fully exercise product functionality, but consume minimal resources.
Effectively use test automation where appropriate and available to increase the thoroughness of testing.
Execute end-to-end functional tests and utilize automated tests developed by others to exercise system.
Offer direct input into the requirements documents, review and gives feedback based on product knowledge and understanding of customer issues. (Must understand the business needs the product is trying to meet.)
Create work plans for own deliverables and clearly documented personal goals, plans, designs and results and communicate to both technical and non-technical audiences; Compare, contrast, and prioritize alternative approaches to meeting those objectives.
Contribute to end-to-end product testing strategy, focusing on the customer experience.
About H&R Block...

We're here to live our purposeto provide help and inspire confidence in our clients and communities everywhere. We take our work personally, because we know what it represents: Families and homes. Livelihoods and lives.

We've been true to that purpose since brothers Henry and Richard Bloch founded our company in 1955. Since then, we've grown to approximately 12,000 tax offices throughout the United States and around the world. When you join our team, you'll add to the momentum of a forward-thinking companyone that defined an industry and is now leading its transformation.

It would be even better if you also had...
Technical knowledge at the code reading/debugging level
Experience with writing and executing automated tests
Experience using test case or defect tracking tools
Strong analytical and written communication skills
Experience in US Income tax
What you'll bring to the team...
Experience in Quality Assurance, Business Analysis, Software Testing or Technical Support experience
Thoroughly understands software development life cycle principles and techniques, as well as the software testing processes
Software/hardware testing fundamentals including the concepts of both positive and negative testing
Hands-on experience with representative technologies
3 years Minimum related work experience
High school diploma or equivalent
