This is a contract position that may be extended or converted to career status based on the needs of the department.

UC San Diego Policy will not allow this position to receive work visa sponsorship.

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus hiring. UCSD Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this time, please click here .

DESCRIPTION

UCSD is a dynamic organization looking for our next great hire to join our team in La Jolla, California. UC San Diego is ranked the 9th best public university in the nation by U.S. News and World Report and is the largest employer based in San Diego County. UCSD IT embraces the fun, agility and innovation of a startup culture while enjoying the security of having technology already deployed with a large and rapidly growing customer base.

Information Technology Services (IT Services) uses world-class services and technologies to empower UC San Diego's mission to transform California and the world as a student-centered, research-focused, service-oriented public university. As a strategic member of the UC San Diego community, IT Services embraces innovation in their delivery of IT services, infrastructure, applications, and support. IT Services is customer-focused and committed to collaboration, continuous improvement, and accountability.

We are looking for a talented Business systems analyst who will be leading and facilitating business process analysis for multiple technical projects in support of various campus-wide IT initiatives. Business Systems Analyst will work collaboratively on cross-functional teams to meet strategic objectives. This position will work on a selection of projects across the realms of academic and business systems.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Gaining solid understanding of what the business does and how it does it. Interviewing stakeholders to generate a rich picture of business needs. Creating a detailed business analysis, outlining problems, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, highlighting areas of risks/concerns. Translate business needs identified by stakeholders into business requirements document. Use data driven approach to facilitate evaluation of available options. Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management. Partner closely with project manager, process analysts, SMEs and project team members to optimize project deliverables. Deliver data-driven recommendations and reports to executives and stakeholders. Tracing requirements from inception to delivery of selected solution. Support user acceptance testing by providing input for test plans/test scripts to ensure that the product is functioning well as it is designed for

QUALIFICATIONS:
A Bachelor's Degree in related area; and/or equivalent experience, training, or certifications.
Advanced knowledge of business and process analysis functions.
Thorough knowledge relating to the design of processes and software across the organization.
Understanding and skill in complex process and systems requirement documentation standards, such as Use Case modeling, User Story creations and narrative description.
Advanced skills and methodologies associated with process and software design, modification and implementation.
Effective communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to communicate technical information to technical and non-technical personnel at various levels in the organization. Ability to work with others from diverse backgrounds.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
Skills needed to develop process and system implementation plans.
Prove testing and test planning skills.
Experience with process analysis, systems analysis, process architectures and systems analysis methodologies and practices including traditional waterfall, Agile, Agile Scrum, UML, UML Enterprise, et cetera.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS

Employee must be available to work evenings and weekends.
Employee must be available to travel as required.
Job offer is contingent on a clear background check.

Our employees enjoy competitive compensation packages and educational opportunities in a diverse, stimulating workforce.
This position is eligible for full:
Health/Dental/Vision Insurance
Vacation/Holidays
Life Insurance
UC Retirement Plan.
For more information about UCSD Benefits and Work/Life .

To calculate an approximate value of the UC Total Compensation package, please click here.
