Responsible for a range of process improvement and process management activities. Activities include planning, performing, and implementing process improvement initiatives, in addition to ownership of operational processes. These initiatives may represent one portion of a larger project, or may represent a stand alone initiative or function within a work group or department. Process management functions may include data gathering and analysis, best practice research, process mapping, developing and recommending alternatives for improvement, developing performance metrics, obtaining leadership or stakeholder agreement, implementing improvements, and monitoring post-process improvement initiative performance to updated standards. Activities are undertaken and executed in support of organizational goals and are accountable for providing business process solutions to meet internal and external customer expectations. May utilize Lean/Six Sigma processes and concepts to lead process improvement initiatives. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to execute the project and deliver results.

Essential Responsibilities:

Data Analysis: Identifies sources for, gathers and analyzes data relevant to processes. May review the work of less senior analysts/consultants. May be responsible for defining data requirements and obtaining customer agreements.
Research: Reviews best practice research prepared by less senior analysts/consultants. Makes recommendations on appropriate solutions based on research; may select from alternatives presented.
Process Architecture: Designs complex processes and reviews the work of less senior analysts/consultants. Ensures process mapping is complete; provides feedback and guidance to less senior analysts/consultants. Interviews stakeholders and process owners to define processes. Helps define standards and methods.
Process Recommendations: Determines process recommendation documents, including presentations, process maps, supporting metrics, business requirements and related impact analyses for complex processes or for portions of larger or inter-related processes. May lead the development of recommendations by less senior analysts/consultants. May apply Lean/Six Sigma concepts and techniques to process improvement initiatives, including completing Lean/Six Sigma analyses and tasks. Shares accountability for realization of results with process owners and may present recommendations to stakeholders and process owners.
Performance Management & Control: Defines, develops and evaluates performance metrics to establish process success, and may participate in working with multiple stakeholders, often with competing/conflicting objectives, to ensure cohesive and reachable measures of success. Reviews data post- implementation to measure success; participates in defining standards of improvement success.
Change Management: Participates in and may lead change management activities associated with process improvement. Engages leadership and stakeholders to obtain support and buy in for changes. Partners with management, project champions, and process owners to align process improvement initiatives with business objectives.
(For Six Sigma Black Belts): May track progress ofSix Sigma Green Belt consultants and newly certified Black Belt Consultants in Lean/Six Sigma initiatives. Trains other employees in Lean/Six Sigma concepts and techniques. Coaches and mentors employees seeking Green Belt and Black Belt certification.

Basic Qualifications:
Experience
Minimum four (4) years of process improvement, management consulting, change management, or related business experience.
Education
Bachelor's degree OR four (4) years of experience in a directly related field.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A

Additional Requirements:
Broad knowledge of process improvement methodologies.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.

Preferred Qualifications:
Minimum nine (9) years of process improvement, consulting, or related business experience preferred.
Health care or insurance experience preferred.
Lean/Six Sigma Black Belt Certification preferred.
Graduate degree preferred.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
