Sharp HealthCare
Facility:Sharp HealthCare
CitySan Diego
DepartmentISD Decision Support Services
Job Status

Full-Time

Shift

Day Job

FTE

1.0

Shift Start Time

Variable

Shift End Time

Variable

Location

This position is located in Kearny Mesa, San Diego County.

Hour

8 Hours Day Shift; Weekends and On-Call as needed.

Required Skills and Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in an applicable field (computer science, business administration, nursing or health care administration).
Two to three years recent experience working with business intelligence tools that included system analysis and/or information technology activities is required.
Proven experience analyzing complex issues and/or requests to provide effective solutions with the ability to identify root cause, communicate options and propose solutions.
Strong understanding of data warehousing principles and experience working with large data sets.
Experience with simple query commands using an Oracle database.
Ability to analyze user needs/requirements to translate into business requirements and system solutions for clinical data reporting.
Understanding and experience developing project plans, scope documents and managing time lines following an SDLC approach such that project deliverables are thoroughly communicated to the client and deadlines are met.
Proven skill set in applying IS principles and practices to systematically interpret functional requirements into application design and the ability to communicate technical issues to non-technical customers.
Experience working in a fast paced environment where multiple duties are performed to meet client expectations and deadlines.
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
Preferred Skills and Qualifications
Current unencumbered CA RN licensure
Prior experience working in a clinical environment as a care provider


Sharp HealthCare is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, transgender status, sexual orientation, protected veteran status or any other protected class.

Summary

YOU will be responsible for the implementation, integration and expansion of the existing Data Warehouse and creation of focused Data Marts to meet the operational, organizational and clinical needs of department decision makers. Works with clinical and non-clinical clients designing a reporting infrastructure to meet organizational and operational requirements. Supports existing tools and adoption of standard strategic tools to support the Data Warehouse. Must have strong analytical, leadership, communication and documentation skills. BI Analyst I requires strong time management skills to manage multiple projects and deliverables spanning various clients and functional areas. Analyzes customer requirements and translates them into solid system design, with an emphasis on improving user productivity and business decision making.

Sharp HealthCare's Information Technology department is nationally recognized within the Health Care industry. For ten consecutive years, we ranked in the top 100 Most Wired HealthCare systems by Hospitals and Health Networks Magazine. The Decision Support Systems Team is an experienced group of Twenty-two dedicated to the support of the organization in data reporting and decision making. A dynamic group of individuals, the Decision Support Systems Team is a great place to learn, produce, and have fun while delivering quality results and success to our customers.

Sharp System Services have campuses located in the communities of Kearny Mesa and Serra Mesa and consist of the Spectrum location, the Ruffin Road location and Sharp Operations Center (SOC). These offices provide the centralized integrated system support services to the operating entities within the system. These services include: Strategic Planning, Business Development, Information Technology, Compliance, Internal Audit, Legal, Risk Management and Insurance, Contracts, Human Resources, Facilities Management and Development, Clinical Effectiveness, Finance, Nursing, Systems Supply Chain Services, Marketing and Communications, The Sharp Experience and Sharp University.
