BioSoft Integrators, Inc. is a fast-growing software development company which employs Business Systems Analysts skilled in the field of science and technology. We are currently seeking a professional Business Systems Analysts to join our team and help drive the implementation of Customer Informatics Projects. If you have previous experience as a Business Systems Analyst in the life sciences and/or software development industries, we encourage you to submit an application.

Position Summary:

The Business Systems Analyst is a technical application analyst role for Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS) and related software efforts. This focus of this role will be development projects, new product introductions, and net new functionality delivered via application configuration and project releases.

The individual will work with Project Managers, Developers, and end-users to ensure LIMS projects meet quality standards and industry best practices. This role functions as an analytical business partner and is responsible for gathering and interpretation of requirements both user and technical in nature.

Defines solutions based on user/client needs, cost, and required integration with existing applications, systems, platforms and/or instruments. Researches and identifies solutions required for estimating effort. Proposes development, implementation, documentation and test necessary for fulfilment of project deliverables and gains customer agreement to scope of stated project deliverables. The position requires staying on top of the industry trend and new technologies in the software development and automation areas. Reports to the head of Commercial Operations. Works on advanced, complex technical projects and business issues requiring technical knowledge and the ability to translate into simplified concepts.

Responsibilities:
Researches and provides best practice recommendations with a focus on end-to-end capabilities and impact to KPIs.
Conduct enterprise analysis including root cause analysis, development of solution proposals, and creation of business cases.
Partners with business to elicit, analyze, and document business requirements.
Translates business requirements into functional requirements specifications, workflows and identifies cross-functional dependencies.
Leads discussion with business and technical team(s) to collect pain points including non-functional requirements.
Prepares visuals to communicate and acquires buy-in on stopgaps, recommendations and solutions.
Accountable for knowing functionality of software to guide business process changes and configuration/development of LIMS.
Accurately estimates the effort required to fulfill project deliverables of projects to be quoted.
Translates solutions from Development Team to meet customer needs gaining customer agreement of a proposed approach/solution.
Articulates User Requirements and works with the Development Team to translate into Software Requirements.
Keeps Project Management and Management Team informed of proposed projects.
Follows SDLC procedures based on BioSofts ISO9001 standards.
Requirements:
5+ years of hands on experience as a Business Analyst in Laboratory Information Management or similar technology driving implementations and upgrades.
Experience as an engineer or laboratory analyst strongly preferred.
Experience with business process improvement techniques and methodologies.
Exceptional analytical, planning, organizational and problem solving abilities.
Expertise in requirements gathering, writing software requirements, process modeling and data mapping.
Strong ability to present ideas and information in group settings. Can persuade, negotiate, and facilitate conflict resolution.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills that non-technical end users can understand.
Knowledge of the full software development life cycle using Agile/Scrum Methodology
Experience in configuration management, operations, and/or quality within a regulated industry.
High degree of initiative and ownership, as well as a proven history of delivering results while working with several different departments in a fast-paced environment.
Previous software development experienced preferred.
Exposure to Life Science application workflows is preferred.
Experience in Development/testing applications in Regulated environments is a plus.
Prior sales and/or Project Management preferred.
Must have excellent communication skills with demonstrated ability to translate technical details into remedial concepts and vice versa.
Flexible to work across different schedules.
Strong interpersonal skills in quickly building rapport with internal and external teams.
Written and spoken English.
Work Qualities to include: Can Do Attitude, Strong Work Ethic and Self-Motivation.
Education:
S./M.S. in Computer Science, bioscience/biotechnology, or significant experience.
