Job Description
Analyst Level 1:

Knowledge and skill in applying analytical and evaluative techniques to
identify, consider, and resolve issues or problems of a procedural or factual nature.
Knowledge and skill on the usage of various qualitative or quantitative techniques.

Minimum/General Experience: Associates degree in Business, Finance, Management,
Information Systems or other related discipline. With at least four years of specialized
experience a degree is not required.

Analyst Level 2:

Provides strategic guidance and influences program direction.
Recommends large scale information system solutions, and assists with business integration
across organizational levels. Provides program-level guidance within area of expertise and
recommends domain-specific solutions and policies. Evaluates various business models
including cost-benefit analysis.

Minimum/General Experience: A Bachelor's degree in a related discipline. With at least six
years of specialized experience, a degree is not required.

Specialist Level 1:

Expert in a specific domain with general knowledge of other
domains. Provide support for all phases of defined program/project implementation and
transition subsequent knowledge/tasks to the ongoing delivery team/process. Review data
and develop and document process flows ensuring continuous process/productivity
improvement. Must follow quality-control standards and develop and document business
requirements. Review business requirements and systems specifications to ensure plan
milestones and requirements are met. Must be detailed oriented, flexible, and have strong
organizational skills and the ability to work in a fast-paced, high volume, tight deadline
environment.

Minimum/General Experience: A Bachelor's degree in a related discipline with 2 years of
experience. With at least eight years of specialized experience, a degree is not required.

Specialist Level 2:

Works as a team member with expertise in a specific domain and
advanced, comprehensive knowledge of methodologies, principles and practices related to
business or financial management disciplines. Provide support and completes research and
analysis, gathers analyzes and synthesizes information using evaluation and critical thinking
skills. Ability to organize, analyze, interpret, and evaluate financial and management data in
the solution of financial management and accounting problems. Develop and document
process flows ensuring continuous process/productivity improvement and compliance with
standards throughout a project. Operates with considerable latitude for actions and decisions.
Must have demonstrated ability to work independently or under only minimal direction. Must
be detailed oriented, flexible, and have strong organizational skills and the ability to work in
a fast-paced, high volume, tight deadline environment. This position also requires
demonstrated proficiency using commercial automated word processing and other systems.
Good written and oral communication skills are required.

Minimum/General Experience: Bachelor's degree in business, finance or a related field with
four years of experience. With at least 10 years of specialized experience, a degree is not
required.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
