Job Description
The Business Systems Analyst will report to the Sr. Director of Business Intelligence and will review systems and applications used by a company in order to advise business stakeholders on ways to make processes more efficient and employees more productive. This role will receive a summary of business needs from management, solicit product and enhancement requirements from end users and must be able to convert the requests from both into a workable solution to present to technology staff. Occasionally, the Business Systems Analyst might work directly with clients, requiring good communication skills, as well as fundamental technical troubleshooting abilities.

Job Responsibilities:
Determine operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats.
Recommend controls and system improvements by studying current practices and system functions.
Troubleshoot and document process and system defects.
Test and coordinate tests with DBA, business owner, and management.
Create and maintain system protocols by writing and updating procedures; this includes documentation and writing SQL stored procedures.
Learn Artiva system administrator tasks and coordinate activities with Director of Collections and Vice President of Asset Management.
Performs additional implementation tasks including creation of reports, letters, pools, users and security settings.
Assist with project management activities by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; tracking activities, resolving problems, and publishing progress reports.
Manage timely flow of business intelligence information to users.
Generate standard or custom reports summarizing business, financial, or economic data for review by executives, managers, clients, and other stakeholders. This will involve using T-SQL, SSIS, SSRS, and other report writing tools. These reports include but are not limited to: A/R aging for violation potential revenue, unenforceable toll revenue, and additional analysis.
Participate in physical and virtual meetings as required to facilitate functional requirement gathering and report development.
Maintain or update business intelligence tools, databases, dashboards, systems, or methods
Other duties may be assigned.
Basic Minimum Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in business, management, economics, accounting, finance, or computer and information science preferred.
Microsoft related certification (i.e. MCP: Querying SQL Server 2016, MCSA: SQL Server 2016, MCSE: Data Platform, or MCSE: Business Intelligence) a plus
Project management related certification preferred (Comptia Project+, PMP, or CAPM)
Financial services experience required, collection agency experience a plus.
Ability to work with minimal direction in a fast paced / high-pressure environment.
Ability to prioritize tasks and directly support the department managers.
Ability to learn new technologies and business processes
Good troubleshooting and error isolation skills.
Ability to work independently on assigned tasks as well as to accept direction on given assignments.
Must be able to interact and communicate with individuals at all levels of the organization.
Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions, or approaches to problems.
Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions.
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office with an emphasis on Excel and Word.
Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one.
Must be willing to work additional hours as necessary.
Excellent communication and documentation skills.
The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.

Powered by JazzHR

AHkbSr8kO0
