Business Consulting: Includes analysis/evaluation of business and/or system process and functional requirements, development of business cases, client support during system development and implementation, development and maintenance of service level agreements. Develops relationships with upstream and downstream business partners. Develops/maintains and changes business processes, and understands the business processes of assigned partners and how they relate to our functional areas. Develops and recommends changes to business processes.

Essential Responsibilities:

Broad application of principles, theories, and concepts in applicable discipline, plus working knowledge of other related fields.
Uses professional concepts in accordance with company objectives to solve complex problems in creative and effective ways.
This job is the fully-qualified, career-oriented, journey-level position.
Demonstrates functional area business processes and assigned and thoroughly understands cross-functional areas.
Directs the analysis of enterprise-wide or very complex client needs in project areas such as new/existing business operating models, innovative approaches to solutions support, market research of emerging or available product functionality and operational readiness assessment.
Directs the development of comprehensive and strategic business cases with cost/benefit dimensions of proposed projects that are used at management and executive levels for funding and scope decisions.
Accountable for tracking and/or monitor and report for senior mgmt the results of actualization of benefits.
Directs/conducts the analysis of current business processes and functional requirements.
Prepares appropriate documentation to communicate and validate the information.
May develop project plans.
Identifies and coordinates within other project managers and implements schedule deadlines as appropriate.
Manages common resource demands.
Provides on-going project management and status reporting at all levels.
Provides advice and input into the project plan.

Basic Qualifications:


Experience
Minimum ten (10) years of experience, to include a minimum three (3) years in a consulting role.
Minimum five (5) years of experience in a relevant environment such as a healthcare environment.
Education
Bachelor's degree in business/health care administration or related discipline OR four (4) years additional relevant experience.
High School Diploma or General Education Development (GED) required.
License, Certification, Registration
N/A
Additional Requirements:

Influences multiple cross-functional and/or multiple cross divisional task forces to identify and document functional requirements, workflow, information sources and system/process specifications.
May establish cross-functional task forces.
Thorough knowledge of platforms of the assigned functional areas and multiple cross functionally based on assignment.
Must be able to work in a Labor/Management Partnership environment.
Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in health care administration or related discipline preferred.
Certification or advanced qualification by third party association that matches the function or field applicable to the business discipline (such as AHIP or HIAA) preferred.
Certification by professional society or industry group such as AHIP or HIAA preferred.

Kaiser Permanente is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive workforce. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, parental status, ancestry, disability, gender identity, veteran status, genetic information, other distinguishing characteristics of diversity and inclusion, or any other protected status.

External hires must pass a background check/drug screen. Qualified applicants with arrest and/or conviction records will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with federal and state laws, as well as applicable local ordinances, including but not limited to the San Francisco and Los Angeles Fair Chance Ordinances.
