Job Description
About this Job

Business Analyst - BC Analytics

Job Type: Full-time / Salaried / Contract

Position Location: Remote, location agnostic, U.S. preference

Bainbridge Strategy Analytics Firm

If you are among the top percentile of growing new professionals who seek intensive research and analytic career experience working for Fortune 1000 clients, look closely at the Bainbridge Business Analyst strategy analytics opportunity. Bainbridge, Inc. is a leading national strategy analytics firm serving top tier Fortune 1000 companies with their corporate and business strategy needs in industries ranging from healthcare, technology, media, financial services, manufacturing, and professional services. We help our clients research and formulate strategies that enable them to outperform competition and recognize new market approaches. Through in-depth research and analysis, our business analysts become the front-line team for exceptional performance and results at our client organizations.

Professional Summary:

Develops strategic recommendations and solutions for clients using primary and secondary data, gather research, transform data into reports by writing clear and concise business documents, and develops presentations by utilizing proprietary and non-proprietary software.

Essential Duties:
Gather data, analyze, and make recommendations to meet project objectives, prepare client presentations, and assist in pre-call planning
Maintain client relationships by consulting on customer and competitor strategies, business solutions, and management decisions.
Create reports and presentations utilizing qualitative analysis regarding companies, markets, and industry trends
Compile and maintain company profiles and reports
Conduct weekly client updates on progress of research both in-person and over the phone
Stay informed of current business and industry trends relevant to your client's business
Job Specifications:
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university relating to field required
2+ years of related experience management consulting preferred
Master’s degree a plus but not required
Outstanding verbal and written communication skills
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail
Excellent reporting, problem solving, and analytical skills
Ability to manage multiple projects and complete deliverables on schedule
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Products
The above declarations are not intended to be an "all-inclusive" list of duties and responsibilities of the job described, nor are they intended to be such a listing of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Rather, they are intended only to describe the general nature of the job.

Candidates are subject to pre-employment drug screens and background checks.

Benefits Include:
Medical Coverage Selection: HMO - UnitedHealthcare (CA), Kaiser, (CA) & Blue Cross Blue Shield (CA), PPO – UnitedHealthcare, HDHP – UnitedHealthcare
Dental Coverage: personal coverage and additional child plus orthodontia
Vision Plan:Comprehensive Vision coverage including exams, lenses and frames allowance, contact lenses.
Healthcare FSA: Allows employees to pay for up to $2,750 per year in medical, pharmacy, dental, vision and other healthcare related expenses with pre-tax dollars using provided debit card
Healthcare savings account HSA. This is different than a flexible spending account, it is a long-term savings account that provides an ongoing resource that you can tap into year after year for healthcare costs and can be built up incrementally.
Basic Term Life: Coverage equal to one times annual earning for all full time employees
Basic Personal Accident Insurance (PAI): Coverage equal to one times annual earnings for all full-time employees.
Dependent care pre-tax spending account. Covers the kids and elderly dependents with pretax spending dollars
Why Work Here?

"Forbes rated award winning professional consultancy with exceptional growth in new technology, meritocracy, expanding management team"

Bainbridge is a global strategic analytics firm, delivering high value advisory services to the Fortune 1000. Founded out of MIT, our main goal is to help clients achieve their strategic objectives while our team members achieve their highest professional goals.

The company was recently ranked by Forbes Magazine among the 99th percentile of national management consulting firms and by Vault Magazine as a top 50 national management consulting firm. Our culture is one of team work, achievement, and excellence in customer service. From 2015 through 2020 Bainbridge Consulting was recognized by Forbes ranking of America's Best Management Consulting Firms across 14 industries of expertise. In 2016 Bainbridge Consulting was ranked in the Top 50 Most Prestigious Consulting Firms in North America by Vault. In 2007, Bainbridge Consulting was recognized as an employer of choice by the San Diego Business Journal, reflecting the values of teamwork, scholarship, and excellence.

Powered by JazzHR

MtoBGSokmm
