Job Description
Imagine a place where talented and driven people, band together into high performing teams. Where love for customer experience and success is at the core. Where everyone tells it as it is and no-one tolerates mediocrity or B.S.

Welcome to API Nation. We need your help to build a marketplace of simple integrations that solve customers’ complex business problems. We are a growing application sync platform startup on an exciting journey.

Summary:

Software Business Analyst bridges the gap between the needs of the customer and software developers. In simple terms, you will translate customer speak into geek and geek to customer speak :)

In practice, this means you learn the needs of a customer, analyze the software applications they use, and design a solution that connects their applications and automates their work. Then you translate your solution into a detailed software description which includes process diagram, solution specifications, data mapping, and a delivery plan. You work with Product Manager, Software Engineers, and Quality Control to develop and deliver the solution.

In this role, you will work with limited supervision, apply a high degree of experience, creativity, self-learning and judgment to accomplish goals. If this sounds like a role for you, get in touch.

Responsibilities:
Uncover and define business requirements for software integrations.
Gather information through research and interviews with stakeholders.
Develop and document software specifications including use-cases, process flow diagrams (BPM), mock-ups, data mappings, and business rules.
Provide research, analysis, and support to software engineers and implementation specialists as needed
Provide technical consultations to customers, potential customers, and the team as needed.
Prioritize tasks & objectives to meet deadlines.
Other responsibilities will be assigned based on business needs.
About You:
2+ years of experience as a business analyst, technical analyst, software product manager, or related role.
Experience with analyzing technical documentation, API Documentation, working with datasets, etc.
Enjoy working with customers.
Excellent English language communication and presentation skills (both written and verbal).
Strong organizational, administrative, and analytical skills.
Solid knowledge of key business analysis tasks, requirements engineering techniques, project tracking tools (e.g. JIRA, Confluence).
BS/BA Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.
You are an intellectually curious person who likes to learn and figure things out.
You are looking to join a startup software company to accelerate your professional growth.
Mega Bonus Points:
Knowledge of Real Estate industry and experience with software used in the Real Estate industry for functions such as Lead Generation, Lead Nurturing, Marketing, Transaction Management, Accounting, CRM, etc.
To apply, don’t just send a resume. Make it stand out! Take a look at the “What makes you awesome?” section above. Will we see that in your submission? Include a link to your public work, your LinkedIn profile, blog, public presentations, or talks. Share and show off your communication skills. Help us see the best in you!
