Operations Analyst II

SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC), a subsidiary of MedImpact Healthcare Systems, Inc. , is looking for extraordinary people to join our team!

Why join SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC)? Because our success is dependent on you; innovative professionals with top notch skills who thrive on opportunity, high performance, and teamwork. We look for individuals who want to work on a team that cares about making a difference in the value of healthcare.

At SUNRx (340B Holdings LLC), we deliver leading edge pharmaceutical and technology related solutions that dramatically improve the value of health care. We provide superior outcomes to those we serve through innovative products, systems, and services that provide transparency and promote choice in decision making. Our vision is to set the standard in providing solutions that optimize satisfaction, service, cost, and quality in the healthcare industry. We are the premier Pharmacy Benefits Management solution!

The Scoop:

The Operations Analyst II serves as a more senior technical member of the client team. Provides operational support functions for all company products. Ensures timely, accurate service delivery as operational support for the customer community (internal and external customers).

What You Get To Do:
Monitors day to day Pharmacy Accumulator Gateway (Equinox) operations
Implements new Equinox instances for chains
Adds 340B administrators to Equinox instances
Serves as primary operations liaison with wholesalers for all Equinox related issues
Serves as primary operations liaison with all Equinox platform owners
Schedules and facilitates monthly meetings with Equinox platform owners
Serves as primary operations liaison for reporting and billing questions with all Equinox platform owners and administrators
Works with Equinox platform owners to reconcile End of Billing (EOB) statements
Works with Equinox platform owners to update Bank Information Number (BIN) blocks, NDC exclusions, and others
Reviews daily ordering within the Equinox platform
Reviews NDC non-ordered items and evaluates which NDCs should be obsolete with Equinox platform owner
Works with BAs to create reports and analysis requested by Equinox platform owners
Works with SUNRx Business Analysts (BAs) for enhancements to Equinox instance
Monitors SFTP file transfers for the Split-Billing program, taking corrective actions as necessary to ensure efficient, timely, and accurate file transfers
Uploads 340B Pricing contracts to Split-Billing databases
Identifies, reports, and follows up on Split-Billing wholesaler price discrepancies
Uploads validated wholesaler changes into Split-Billing system
Troubleshoots Purchase Order and Split anomalies in the Split-Billing system
Monitors Random Split-Billing NDC audit reports for accuracy
Processes Split-Billing Customers’ recurring NDC package size changes
Executes Third Party Files loads to the accounting system at the completion of each EOB period
Creates/updates user guides and training documentation for areas of responsibility
Trains internal users on functionality changes as necessary
Assists in training and mentoring less experienced Operations Analysts
Manages projects and assumes a functional leadership role in assigned meetings
What You Need:

Education and/or Experience

For consideration candidates will need a Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university and two (2) to three (3) years of related experience or five (5) years of related experience in 340B Administration, Pharmacy Benefit Management (PBM), Pharmacy, Managed Healthcare or similar role; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.

Computer Skills

Strong proficiency with MS Office / Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook.

Other Skills and Abilities
Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts
Ability to negotiate effectively and work well with a team
Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced environment
Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organizations
Understands project plans and is able to clearly articulate roles, project goals, and timelines
Takes input from supervisor and appropriately and accurately applies comments/feedback
Accurately employs our methodology and documentation tools
Establishes responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manages time effectively
Travel - This position may require domestic travel of up to 10% of the time.

The Perks:
Medical / Dental / Vision / Wellness Programs
Paid Time Off / Company Paid Holidays
401K with Company match
Life and Disability Insurance
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee Referral Bonus
This position is eligible for Employee Referral Bonus at Level I

To explore all that MedImpact has to offer, and the greatness you can bring to our teams, please submit your resume to www.medimpact.com/careers

MedImpact, is a privately-held pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) headquartered in San Diego, California. Our solutions and services positively influence healthcare outcomes and expenditures, improving the position of our clients in the market. MedImpact offers high-value solutions to payers, providers and consumers of healthcare in the U.S. and foreign markets.

EOE, M/F/D/V

OSHA/ADA:

To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
