Position Summary: This highly visible lead position will own and drive design, deployment, and support of a Warehouse Management System to manage a global network of warehouses and distribution centers for medical devices. Drive design, configuration, enhancement, management, and support of Warehouse Management Systems globally Provide technical expertise to crossfunctional project team to deliver Warehouse Management System integrated across multiple warehouse, DCs, and ERPs Partner with colleagues from IT, Logistics & Distribution, Supply Chain, Operations, and Quality to ensure Warehouse Management Solution meets stakeholder and business requirements Deliver innovative solution architecture and tools to support a globally distributed network of distribution centers including internal and external entities Provide expert guidance on warehouse management system workflows, interfaces, and analytics Build support model for steady state warehouse operations Experience with Manhattan, Red Prairie, High Jump, or Oracle WMS would be a plus Medical device warehouse management experience would be a plus Proven deep experience with multiple WMS system implementations and maintenance projects Experience with global warehouse operations, systems, and interfaces Expertise with Logistics & Distribution workflows & systems Experience with realtime inventory tracking for components and finished goods Experienced in leading teams and delivering projects Experience with WMS evaluation, gap assessment, and remediation Typically requires a bachelor's degree in a technical discipline and a minimum of 13+ years related experience or a master's degree and 8+ years equivalent industry experience or a PhD and 5+ years of experience. Functional Description: Technical Individual Contributor Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Identifies gaps and provides technical expertise in business requirements for system functional specifications and scales new and current systems, processes and procedures in a cost effective manner. Configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead crossfunctional linked teams to address business or systems issues. Possesses expert knowledge of leading technical areas. May be externally recognized as an expert in technical field. High level of understanding of solving unique problems where analysis requires an indepth evaluation and may impact future concepts or technologies. Exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Demonstrates ability to discover and identify processes, novel science and technology which lead to increased productivity and results.
