Project Control Analyst III

14-Jul-2020

Company
General Atomics

Job Summary
General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) designs and manufactures first-of-a-kind electromagnetic and electric power generation systems. GA-EMS’ expanding portfolio of specialized products and integrated system solutions support critical fleet, space systems and satellites, missile defense, power and energy, and process and monitoring applications for defense, industrial, and commercial customers worldwide.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Strategic Planning Analyst to join our Business Administration located in Rancho Bernardo, CA.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyzes, validates and develops business and technical process requirements.
Develops systems requirements, techniques, and controls. Participates in implementation efforts and requirements.
Represents business unit with project management, users, and customers.
Assists with various analyses in support of GA-EMS strategic planning activities including but not limited to book of business, resource and financial planning, budgeting and performance measurements.
Interfaces with operating and support groups (Purchasing, Finance, QA) to collect data for preparation of schedules and financial reports.
Provides task leaders and program managers with clear, timely and accurate information and make recommendations with which to make decisions.
Assists in the development of reporting procedures to evaluate project status, valuation of work in progress, and tracking of contract deliverables.
Assists in the development of expense and rate projections and needs.
Contribute in the preparation of cost/schedule on capital expenditures for EMS.
Assist in establishing profit center discretionary spending through profit (loss) and cost center cost, base, and rate budgets.
Prepare a variety of actual vs. budget reports for profit and cost center managers including financial and variance analysis and recommendations for corrective action(s)
Prepare contract and funding status/backlog reports, plant stock status, project performance reports, and monitors any "at risk" spending with respect to overhead costs and capital expenditures
Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.
Expected to maintain a productive and safe working environment in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

Job ID#
29439BR

Job Category
Finance/Accounting

Travel Percentage Required
0% - 25%

Full-Time/Part-Time
Full-Time Salary

State
California

City
San Diego

Clearance Required?
No

Title
Strategic Planning Analyst

Job Qualifications
Typically requires education or formal training equivalent to the completion of a bachelor's degree in business administration or a related discipline, along with six or more years of related experience. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.
Must have a complete understanding of the concepts, and practices involved in analyzing multiple contract types: Firm Fixed Price (FFP), Fixed Price Incentive (FPI), Fixed Price Level of Effort (FPLOE), Time and Materials (T&M), Cost Plus Award Fee (CPAF), Cost Plus Fixed Fee (CPFF), and hybrid contracts.
Requires an understanding of GAAP and FAR. Must be an effective communicator and able to represent the company on programmatic matters, as well as able to write, interpret and explain programmatic issues.
Must be knowledgeable and experienced with the following electronic software: word processing, spreadsheet, e-mail, and project management.
Must have a good knowledge of business process/life cycle management principles, theories and concepts and a general understanding of industry practices, techniques, and standards.
Must be customer focused and possess: (1) the ability to use independent judgment in developing solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope and complexity; (2) good verbal and written communications and presentations skills to accurately document and report findings to a variety of audiences; (3) good interpersonal skills to influence and guide employees, managers, customers and other external parties; (4) the ability to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive information; and, (5) good computer skills. Ability to work independently or in a team environment is essential.
Must be able to work extended hours and travel as required.
Preferred Qualifications:
Earned Value Management reporting experience
Advanced Excel skills: pivot tables, V-lookups
Project Management
SAP Business Processing and Consolidation (BPC)
ProPricer, MPM or other planning tool experience
Cost Estimating experience
US Citizenship Required?
Yes

Experience Level
Mid-Level (3-7 years)
