WAXIE’s Pricing Analyst Supervisor is responsible for managing and directing the pricing support staff. This role will work with other supervisors on creating process improvements at a local level to support margin improvement and process simplification.

Team Management: Responsible for the development and growth of the Pricing Administrators that represent multiple branches. Work with the other pricing supervisors to determine direction and requirements of the Pricing Team. Communicate and set goals for the pricing team in conjunction with margin improvement. Collect feedback from the team and sales department to determine needed processes and determine best path to streamline across all branches.
Presenting: The Pricing Analyst Supervisor needs the ability to present in front of small to large groups within WAXIE. Potential presentations include branch sales meetings, new process rollout, financial review with branch management, and routine branch and sales representative profitability reviews.
Managing Pricing: Determine appropriate direction and approval for first level approvals on the floor pricing. Reach out to sales representatives when needed for additional information in regards to floor requests. Responsible for creating strategy and directing team on the requirements of the price changes, to include corporate account renewals. Responsible for YOY price evaluation for large accounts that are controlled by specific renewal dates.
Negotiating Cost: Work with the marketing team to communicate promotions on cost to the pricing team. Ensure that promotions are setup correctly and are communicated to the sales team. Work with vendors to negotiate and implement strategic deviations on a branch level
Contract and Alignment Recommendations: Fully understand the different corporate accounts in the regions covered. Have the ability to run analysis on customers to determine what program yields the highest margin return and the impact of moving from one corporate account to another. Create reports to show profitability impact of product swaps within different accounts and deploy a strategy for conversion with team. Analyze corporate accounts and large pieces of business within branches to determine increases in profitability through increasing order sizes, product switches, better rebate programs, etc.
Sales Support: Conduct Portfolio reviews with sales representatives and sales managers within the assigned region utilizing either video conferencing or in person meetings reviewing top accounts, competitive situations, and opportunities for enhancement. Attend sales meetings multiple times a year for branches supported. Conduct financial reviews as needed with General Managers.
Bid Support: Participate on RFP, RFI, RFQ, and IFB response teams as required for the assigned region for both public and private entities. Primary assignment will be the procurement of vendor cost support and filing within Microsoft SharePoint. Pricing Analyst Supervisor will make product recommendations based on the cost supports received and assist with the evaluation of appropriate pricing. Finally, support may be required to appropriately format pricing worksheets and submission copies of proposal documentation.
Reporting & Analysis: Manage the pricing team in ensuring daily reporting is done and accurate. Determine new reports needed for the team and work with team to ensure current reports utilized are efficient and complete. Additionally, assist branches with advanced analytics on an ad hoc basis utilizing Power BI and advanced excel skills. Finally, provide a yearly financial analysis for each branch covered in your supervision. This would include the ability to breakdown segments of the business to show areas of improvement or focus on profitability, recommendation on reducing cost factors, comparison of profitability and margin to other branches.
Travel: Pricing analyst supervisor are required to travel to their assigned branches within their region at least 1x per year (5%-10%).
Other Duties as Assigned: Participate on special projects and assignments as directed by management

Education: Bachelor’s Degree Required, preferred concentration in Business, Economics, or Finance
Work Experience: 3-5 Years of Pricing, Cost Implementation, or Sales Support Experience Preferred
Industry Experience: Distribution Industry Experience Preferred. Knowledge of WAXIE Products & Services.
Specialized Skills:
Proficient in Microsoft Word; advanced Microsoft Excel skills; knowledge of formulas, pivot tables, external data sources.
Previous Experience in using business intelligence tools. Experience with MITS, Power BI, MS Query, and SQL preferred. Experience with Infor APLUS Preferred
Contract Management experience in RFQ’s, RFP’s and FPC.
Clear understanding of profitability drivers in pricing, pricing calculation methods, and how to analyze market pricing.
General Skills:
Excellent customer service skills.
Professional verbal and written communication skills.
Reliable attendance.
Ability to retain confidential information.
