UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment : Apply by 07/14/20 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor.

Special Selection Applicants : Apply by 07/24/20. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance.

Depending on the experience of the selected candidate, this position will be hired at the Business Systems Analyst II or Business Systems Analyst III level.

DESCRIPTION

The Division of Medical Education within the UCSD School of Medicine is comprised of the following major units: Admissions & Student Affairs; Undergraduate Medical Education; Graduate Medical Education; and Continuing Medical Education & Faculty Development. Office of Education Technology, Innovation, and Assessment provides a broad range of technology resources and services to support students, faculty, and staff.

The division supports the education, training and co-curricular activities of 500 medical students, 800 residents, and fellows, as well as the faculty, physicians and healthcare providers at UCSD's School of Medicine and Medical Centers.

The Business Systems Analyst is instrumental in ensuring that Medical Education related business processes operate optimally and evolve with the changing needs for the Office of Education Technology, Innovation, and Assessment. Understands the business processes being integrated with different Evaluation systems and Learning Management System and then configures the systems. Documents and defines the architecture, user stories requirements, process flows, configures the systems and ensures proper test cases are developed and executed.

Responsible for the application of advanced business processes and analysis of concepts and organizational objectives to resolve highly complex issues with variable factors. Ensures operational excellence by training personnel, providing reports and support when required. Applies business process and analysis concepts and department/unit and location policies and procedures to resolve a variety of business process problems. Works on business process issues of limited to the moderate scope where the evaluation of processes, procedures, and data requires a variety of factors.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's Degree in computer science, data science, statistics; and/or equivalent experience /training.
A minimum of two (2+) or more years of relevant experience or a Master's degree in a related field.
Intermediate knowledge of related areas of IT.
Demonstrated skills associated with analysis of processes and issues of moderate scope, information flow, and architecture.
Understanding and skill in complex process and systems requirement documentation standards, such as Use Case modeling, User Story creations, and narrative description. Advanced knowledge, skills, and abilities associated with system problem identification and resolution.
Knowledge necessary to design, set up operate and correct malfunctions involving technology systems. Advanced problem-solving skills in the application environment, database connections, business logic, and SQL queries.
Demonstrated experience in analysis and management of complex data. Experience in SAS, SPSS, R or equivalent.
Proven experience with research design, protocol development, project oversight, qualitative and quantitative research methods.
Business Intelligence/Reporting development experience with data visualization using Tableau and AWS Quicksight.
Strong skills associated with the analysis of processes and issues of moderate scope, information flow, and architecture.
Self-motivated and works independently and as part of a team. Able to learn effectively and meet deadlines. Excellent problem-solving skills.
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS
Experience in Big Data Environment and provide predictive and prescriptive analytics and reporting to faculty and staff.
Demonstrated experience using Tableau, MedHub, and OASIS.
Knowledge related to software design.
SPECIAL CONDITIONS
Employment is subject to a criminal background check.
Occasional evenings and weekends may be required.
