Overview


About Public Consulting Group

Public Consulting Group, Inc. (PCG) is a leading public sector solutions implementation and operations improvement firm that partners with health, education, and human services agencies to improve lives. Founded in 1986 and headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, PCG has over 2,500 professionals in more than 60 offices worldwide. PCG’s Human Services practice helps state, county, and municipal human services agencies to achieve their performance goals in order to better serve populations in need. PCG’s seasoned professionals offer proven solutions to help agencies design programs, services, and systems; increase program revenue; cut costs; and improve regulatory compliance with state and federal regulations. To learn more, visit http://www.publicconsultinggroup.com/humanservices/.

Responsibilities


Overall Responsibilities

PCG is seeking highly motivated and dependable Data Analyst with an interest in public service to be part of the training team for the San Diego CalWORKs/Refugee/Child Care and Payments Project for the South, Central, and East Regions of San Diego County.

This role will be responsible for creating and distributing reports and data throughout the organization with the final goal of ensuring that all departments meet or exceed the contractual measures. The Data Analyst will generate these reports utilizing existing reporting database. This person will be empowered to create new solutions to improve the efficiency of data gathering and the adoption of its use throughout the organization. The Data Analyst will identify trends and highlight those to leaders and staff members.

Specific Responsibilities
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Partner with the database team to improve data collection, integrity and analytics
Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Filter and “clean” data to locate and correct problems
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs
Locate and define new process improvement opportunities
Seek feedback and direction from project leadership team
Communicate data trends in writing, meetings and reports
Fulfill other project related duties as assigned; and Maintain positive working relationships with all staff and customers.
Qualifications


R Required Skills
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst
Technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques
Some knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, Javascript, or ETL frameworks)
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc)
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings
Comfortable creating and explaining polished reports targeted at all staff levels.
Must have competent oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
Ability to recognize and maintain the confidentiality of all materials in the work setting.
Ability to work across all levels of management and staff.
Display a professional level of empathy for participants and respect for cultural differences.
Required Education and Experience
A Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Management or Statistics strongly preferred
At least 1 year of experience as a data analyst
Ability to travel between offices in El Cajon, San Diego, and Chula Vista.
EEO Statement


Public Consulting Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or status as a qualified individual with a disability. VEVRAA Federal Contractor.
