Mercato connects independent food retailers with consumers and suppliers to streamline their business, increase sales, and lower operating costs.

Reporting to the Director of Strategy and Analytics, the Senior Product Analyst will develop a deep understanding of our merchant and consumer facing products, perform rigorous analysis and optimize for impact.

Ideal candidates will have a technical background and experience working with large data sets. You are focused on results, a self-starter, and have demonstrated success in using analytics to drive the understanding, growth, and success of a product.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with Product Management in making forecasts and setting product team goals based on data insights and experiment results.
Monitor strategic KPIs, understand all underlying drivers and identify new levers to help move metrics
Design, monitor and evaluate experiments.
Build effective visualizations and communicate data to cross-functional teams.
Build and launch new ETL processes in production. Automate analyses and write pipelines via SQL and Python based ETL frameworks (Airflow)
Requirements

Knowledge, Skills, And Requirements
Expert experience in SQL or other languages
Advanced proficiency in any scripting language (Python, Node.js, R etc.)
Knowledge of statistics (e.g. hypothesis testing, regressions)
Experience communicating the results of analysis with product and leadership teams to influence product strategy
Ability to thrive in an unstructured environment, working autonomously to find opportunities to deliver business impact
Success Drivers And Competencies
Must be able to convey information in a clear, focused, and concise manner
Experience in planning, coordinating, and executing multiple projects simultaneously
Ability to think creatively and work in a team environment
Must work well in a dynamic environment and be able to recommend and implement process improvements, work independently, and handle multiple tasks simultaneously
Passion for helping others
Benefits

Mercato is an equal opportunity employer. We believe passionately that employing a diverse workforce is central to our success. We make recruiting decisions based on your experience and skills. We value your passion to discover, invent, simplify, and build.

By submitting your resume and application information, you authorize Mercato to transmit and store your information in the Mercato group companies' nationwide recruitment database.

Compensation Commensurate With Experience.

Upbeat work environment at a company with a huge vision.
