General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Inc. (GA-ASI), an affiliate of General Atomics, is a world leader in proven, reliable remotely piloted aircraft and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems.

We have an exciting opportunity for a Business Process Analyst to join our Strategic Supplier Management group, located in Poway, CA.

Under general supervision, this position is responsible for analyzing business and technical processes to formulate and develop new and modified business processing systems. Represents the business unit to define requirements and business cases for technology developments. Determines system requirements, such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, and system techniques and controls.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Responsible for analyzing business and technical processes to formulate and develop new and modified business processing systems.
Assists in defining requirements and business cases for technology developments.
Determines system requirements, such as program functions, output requirements, input data acquisition, and system techniques and controls.
Performs activities, which involve the exercise of independent judgment and discretion about matters of significance.
Analyzes, validates and develops business and technical process requirements.
Develops systems requirements, techniques, and controls.
Assists with implementation efforts and requirements.
Represents business unit with project management and end users, and may represent business unit with customers.
Develops and coordinates business and user requirement specifications.
Ensures consistency, traceability, feasibility and completeness.
Recommends process improvement.
Develops hard copy and electronic reports as required.
Utilizes analysis models, prototypes and scenarios.
May participate in the development and implementation of requirement practices and processes.
May participate in the development of engineering policies, procedures and tools.
Responsible for observing all laws, regulations and other applicable obligations wherever and whenever business is conducted on behalf of the Company.
Expected to work in a safe manner in accordance with established operating procedures and practices.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.
We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.
