Job Description
Business Analyst needed for a contract opportunity with our client in San Diego, CA.

JOB DESCRIPTION
The Business Analyst will be the liaison between the business and technical groups, gathering and documenting business requirements, designing business processes, developing wireframes, developing high level application designs with the technical teams, and financial analysis or modeling.
Communicate with the business users and / or functional teams to develop business requirements and analyze information needs, delivering the follow artifacts as needed: Functional Requirements, Business Requirements Documents, Use Cases, Wireframes, Test Cases, and Training Manuals.
Serve as the strategic interface between the users and the vendor and / or internal IT groups to resolve problems and fulfill requests for package applications supported by the team.
Develop test scenarios and either test or oversee testing prior to delivery to business users; coordinate with internal QA resource pool as needed.
Lead and perform functional testing, includes coordination of QA and UAT tasks.
Work with business users, PM and Senior Business Analysts to re-platform the existing legacy system and expand functionality, reporting and streamline performance in the new system.
Build reports to gauge company's performance by addressing overspending, under spending and identifying trends. Trend analysis helps in forecasting production costs and needs.
Participate in team strategic planning, supporting the initial analysis and assessment of proposed projects leading to the development of business cases.
Be proactive in identifying enhancements for existing applications, design user manuals and conduct training.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Information Technology or related discipline.
4-6 years working experience in a similar role.
Working knowledge of continuous process improvement methodologies and customer satisfaction measurement practices.
Proficient in Microsoft Office products.
Attention to Detail is required.
Has a good verbal and written communication skill.
Ability to establish and build healthy relationships with clients, vendors and peers in an environment where all are committed to providing excellent and continually improving service.
Ability to effectively transmit, receive and accurately interpret ideas, information and needs through the application of appropriate communication behaviors, tools and techniques.
Knowledge of approaches, tools and techniques for promoting innovative, original thinking and applying it to existing and emerging situations.
Ability to understand customer needs and expectations, provide excellent service in direct and indirect manner, and fulfill customer expectations.
Creatively applying knowledge of approaches, tools, techniques for recognizing, anticipating, and resolving organization, operations or process problems.
Ability to build, manage and work as an effective team.

Company Description
Platinum Resource Group is a professional level consulting firm, providing resources to Fortune 1000 client companies in the areas of technology, human resources, accounting, finance, business systems and supply chain, on a contract and interim basis. PRG has operations in Orange County, San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco. As a W-2 employer we offer our consultants direct deposit bi-weekly payroll, health, dental, vision benefits, paid holidays, and referral bonuses.
