Do you enjoy solving supply chain challenges with sound processes, systems and analytics? Do you understand and revel in the intricate mechanics of a well-oiled (pun intended) supply chain? If so, we have a unique opportunity for you to imbed yourself in our supply chain team for 2 years to play a key project coordination role with our demand and materials planning team during our ERP implementation.
In this role you will utilize your strong communication skills and passion for process perfection to collect, investigate, compose, and communicate processes and data for our ERP migration.

Process Development
Provides key support to the development and implementation of processes and systems related to the ERP implementation: “Source to Pay” and “Plan to Produce” processes.
Leads business process mapping sessions with subject matter experts (SMEs).
Documents detailed current state processes; identifies and documents key business requirements and risks. Supports the development of a minimum viable product to satisfy business requirements & mitigate identified risks.
Supports the development of future state processes.
Documents detailed future state processes identifies gaps between the current and future state and collaborates with business users to re-engineer processes to meet both the business needs and to fit within the selected systems standard architecture.
Leads process redesign sessions for existing supply chain planning processes focused on improving the efficiency of the organization. Partners with supply chain team to map and document processes.
Issue Resolution
Actively leads and engages in issue resolution with global supply chain partners.
Identifies and priorities issues and risks. Leads team in developing action plans to mitigate risks.
Liaison between business users and IT, supporting ERP System selection, configuration and implementation.
Testing
Partners with business users and develops detailed test scripts for and executes testing.
Plans, organizes, and oversees testing
Training
Educates business users on future state business processes. Leads training of key processes and supports knowledge transfer to business end users
Develops plans for implementation focused on training, parallel testing and user adoption of system.
Monitoring
Partners with external vendors on monitoring connectivity, disruptions to the operations, and exceptions to the system process
Escalates any system issues or process failures and collaborates with cross-functional team members for resolution
Documents detailed issues and resolutions and creates a medium for information sharing for all stakeholders that need to be informed
Materials Team Support
Supports the Materials team in identifying and prioritizing current processes and leads business process mapping sessions with subject matter experts (SMEs) to document and re-engineer current processes to improve efficiency and improve knowledge transfer to new tribe members.

What you will bring to the role
Experience working with tier 2 ERP systems e.g. Net Suite, Epicor, Infor, SAP S4 … etc.
3-7 years’ experience in process analysis and process mapping for systems development
Min of 5 years’ experience working with demand forecasting and supply planning systems as they relate to integration with upstream suppliers and the ERP system.
Effective communication skills for working in a collaborative (and fun) environment
General project management skills to enable the prioritization of tasks for self and others
Prefer experience working in process improvement for supply chain planning, sourcing and procurement.
Bachelor’s degree in business or computer science (preferred)
Experience working in source to pay and plan to produce processes
Highly proficient in Excel, Powerpoint, Word, Visio, and other office tools
Our “Why”
At WD-40 Company we believe that purpose-driven, passionate people guided by our values create amazing outcomes. Our “why” is refreshingly simple - we exist to create positive lasting memories in everything we do. We solve problems. We make things work smoothly. We create opportunities. How we achieve our “why” is by cultivating a tribal culture through learning, teaching and living our values.
Since 1953, our formulation remains a secret. It is no secret that our passion for our people, culture, and brands is what distinguishes us. WD-40 Company has best-in-class products and we seek best-in-class talent.
Why You Should Apply
If you believe in our “why” this is the place for you
Over 93% employee engagement as of February 2018 global employee survey
Publicly traded company headquartered in San Diego, California since 1953
Voted Most Democratic Workplace and certified WorldBlu Freedom Centered Workplace
Learning based culture that supports the growth and development of our team members
We’ve Got You Covered
Our competitive and comprehensive benefits package provide you and your family with extensive protection and security, along with quality, life-enhancing programs to include; profit sharing, annual cash incentive reward potential for everyone, tuition reimbursement, 401K matching, short day Fridays and much more!
Do You Align With Our Values?
Please, only consider employment with WD-40 Company if you feel as strongly about our values as we do: We live, breathe, and play by our values every day.
We value doing the right thing.
We value creating positive lasting memories in all our relationships.
We value making it better than it is today.
We value succeeding as a Tribe while excelling as individuals.
We value owning it and passionately acting on it.
We value sustaining the WD-40 Company economy.
Apply Now
#WD40TribalLife #PositiveLastingMemories
Thank you for considering WD-40 Company in your career search!
