Koam Engineering Systems, Inc. (KES Inc.) is an employee owned small business specializing in technology innovation and systems integration by combining innovative products and reliable engineering services. Headquartered in San Diego, California and with offices in Gig Harbor, WA KES provides services globally in systems engineering & technical assistance, requirements analysis, software design & development, systems integration & testing, independent verification & validation, and operational & logistic support.

Position Summary:


The Systems Analyst will evaluate currently fielded and in development ADNS systems to ensure design and system requirements are met by establishing appropriate testing criteria for US Navy Ships or US Navy Network Operations Centers.

Responsibilities:

Assist with the evaluation of current fielded systems or systems in development to establish appropriate testing criteria to ensure design and system requirements are met.
Update Program of Record documentation.
Assist senior technical employees with break/fix support for complex IT systems.
Develop inputs regarding network analysis for both short- and long-range planning efforts for in-house systems.
Install and configure network communications systems including physical infrastructure build outs.
Collaborate with business analysts, software developers, network engineers, and other IT professionals.
Experience:

Must possess demonstrated experience resolving complex business and application problems. Thorough understanding of Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP), Open Shortest Path First (OSPF), and Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) routing protocols.
Strong interpersonal, communication, and collaborative skills.
Qualifications and Education Requirements:

Two (2) years minimum experience evaluating information systems to assess feasibility/suitability.
One (1) year minimum experience developing functional and technical design specifications.
This position requires an existing U.S. Government granted personnel security clearance at the Secret level. Required
U.S. Citizenship is required.
Job located at a U.S. Government Facility
Must be able to travel at least 10-15% for installations and on-site support as required.
Preferred:

Bachelors Degree from an accredited university, or equivalent experience with technical certifications.
At KES, we offer a comprehensive and valuable benefits program to our employees and their families some of these benefits include but are not limited to:
Customizable Medical/Dental/Vision Coverage
Life and AD&D Insurance
401(k) Plan
Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) - (Discretionary Plan)
Education Assistance
Paid Time Off
Since 1995, KES continues to foster the entrepreneurial spirit of a growing small business that focuses on the needs of its customers and employees and serves to provide a rewarding and challenging career. KES offers a competitive salary and full range of benefits. KES, Inc. is an EEO/AA Employer committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce.
