As an IT Business Analyst III you will be supporting one of our key business groups within the ICW Group organization, Workers Compensation Claims. The purpose of this job is to assume responsibility for helping business and IT implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way, and to facilitate communication with stakeholders, facilitators, and partners. the core of this Business Analyst III is to analyze business partnerrsquos operations to align information technology solutions with business initiatives. Essential Duties and Responsibilities Partners with business leaders to align IT initiatives with business strategy. Educates the IT organization on the direction of the business. Negotiates agreements and commitments by facilitating communication between business unit(s) and IT from initial requirements to final implementation. Works with business Product Owners to create and maintain an operating plan. Works to achieve the strategic vision and operating platforms that define the people, processes, tools, and technology. Brings solutions to business units supported to enhance the enterprisersquos competitive edge. Partners with business and technology partners to elicit, analyze, translate, and document business requirements into technical requirements. Analyzes, documents, and tests program development, logic, process flows, and specifications. Finds ways to improve workflow and the cost effective utilization of insurance systems. Partners with business stakeholders to conduct user acceptance testing Documents user manuals to describe application installation and operating procedures. Facilitates communication between IT and business stakeholders and Product Owners to ensure that projects are delivered on time and within budget. Provides business process and technical expertise to IT staff for the implementation of enhancements, solutions, and maintenance for installed systems. Improves the cost effective utilization of insurance systems. Contributes in design sessions in prototyping new or existing systems. Works to continually enhance business processes, operations, and information process flow. Performs cost-benefit and ROI analyses for propose systems to aid teams in making implementation decisions. Identifies inefficient processes and procedures.
