Health Services Business Systems Analyst III

If you're interested in a career within a customer-focused, team-oriented environment that rewards innovation, quality, integrity and collaboration, MedImpact Healthcare Systems, Inc. welcomes your application. MedImpact, is a privately-held pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) headquartered in San Diego, California. Our solutions and services positively influence healthcare outcomes and expenditures, improving the position of our clients in the market. MedImpact offers high-value solutions to payers, providers and consumers of healthcare in the U.S. and foreign markets.

Position Summary

The Health Services Business Systems Analyst serves as a Business Systems Analyst for the Health Services Project Management Team. This role provides analysis and documentation of systems from the business perspectives of process and data and evaluates efficiency, accuracy, and precision of all Health Services systems and processes. The Health Services BSA II provides support for Health Services projects including data and process analysis and process documentation.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Uses best practice methodologies for identifying and documenting Health Services process and system operations and enhancements related to Health Services to support compliant execution for all lines of business including regulated lines of business (Medicare, Medicaid, Health Insurance Exchange, etc.)
Translates requirements into business, system & functional requirements and partners with IT Developers in translating requirements into design specifications
Writes detailed descriptions of user needs, program functions, and steps required to develop or modify business systems
Develops queries to research, gather data and identify solutions. Performs various types of analysis related to business and system changes/enhancements (gap, impact, risk etc.)
Maintains current understanding of required file layouts, relationships, & logic and how they operate in MedImpact business applications.Provides technical consultation to the project teams and related internal stakeholders
Matches appropriate process and technology solutions to business needs
Develops methods to monitor and assess process and system changes for efficacy and accuracy
Utilizes planning, prioritizing, and organizational skills to ensure timely deliverables, high levels of quality, and efficient use of resources to achieve reporting timeliness and accuracy
Promotes continuous improvement by ensuring adherence to quality principles.Seeks out and actively participates in business initiatives that contribute to service excellence
Collaborates and cultivates positive relationships with internal and external customers through delivery of sustainable, measurable, accurate, reliable, and timely results that meet or exceed customer expectations
Actively participates in continued professional development to stay up to date on the latest technical and information management enhancements and data management best practices
Education and/or Experience

For consideration, candidates will need a Bachelor's degree from a four year college or university strongly preferred; Seven (7) plus years job related experience and/or training including demonstrated success in Business Systems Analysis and Business Process Analysis (analysis, design, development, and deployment activities) or equivalent combination of education and experience. Experience in all phases of systems development lifecycles and/or business process engineering methodology, operating in a matrix management organization and PBM, pharmaceutical or managed health care industry is a plus.

Computer Skills
Strong proficiency with MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook) to create complex documents, manages schedules, and analyzes data
Business user of multiple software applications/processing systems
Working knowledge of key business application such as SQL coding, Oracle forms, Visio, as well as knowledge of UNIX operating systems
Prefer, but not required, working knowledge of MedImpact specific software such as MedOptimize and Golden 32
Other Skills and Abilities
Expert in standardized business process mapping and workflow simplification techniques
Excellent working knowledge and experience in the role of Project Manager of software development projects, including web-based projects
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public
Executes and delivers within the confines and timeframes provided by regulatory agencies
Travel

This position may require domestic travel

This position is eligible for Employee Referral Bonus at Level I

EOE, M/F/D/V

OSHA/ADA:

To perform this job successfully, the successful candidate must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Disclaimer:

The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.
