Analyze complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Identify gaps and provide technical expertise in business requirements for system functional specifications. Scale new and current systems, processes and procedures in a costeffective manner. Configure system settings and options; plan and execute unit, integration and acceptance testing to meet business requirements. Design details of automated systems. Provide indepth knowledge and consultation to users in the area of expertise. Lead crossfunctional linked teams to address business or systems issues. Ensure compliance with existing regulations, SarbanesOxley, FDA, HIPAA, and GDPR Communicate laterally and engage others across the organization. Proficient in Oracle Applications 12+ specifically Accounting and Finance modules Strong SQL, PL/SQL and Java skills Preferred Qualifications: (Optional) Experience with Oracle Cloud ERP Typically requires a Bachelor's degree in a technical discipline, and a minimum of 13+ years related experience or a Master's Degree and 8+ years equivalent industry experience or a PhD and 5+ years of experience. Functional Description: Technical Individual Contributor Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Identifies gaps and provides technical expertise in business requirements for system functional specifications and scales new and current systems, processes and procedures in a cost effective manner. Configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead crossfunctional linked teams to address business or systems issues. Possesses expert knowledge of leading technical areas. May be externally recognized as an expert in technical field. High level of understanding of solving unique problems where analysis requires an indepth evaluation and may impact future concepts or technologies. Exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results. Demonstrates ability to discover and identify processes, novel science and technology which lead to increased productivity and results. LIFH1
