Job Overview:


Get ready to redefine whats possible and discover your extraordinary potential at Covance. Here, youll have the opportunity to personally advance healthcare and make a difference in peoples lives with your bold ideas and unique point of view. With the support of exceptional people from across the globe and an energized purpose, youll be empowered to own your career journey with mentoring, training and personalized development planning.

Join us as we speed the delivery of groundbreaking therapies and anticipate tomorrows drug development challenges, creating new possibilities for our clientsand your career.

We are presently hiring a Senior Business Analyst Working home-based in the US.

The Senior Business Analyst formulates and defines a proposed solutions scope and objectives through research, client interface, and fact-finding combined with an understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements.

Main Responsibilities:
Leads development of functional business requirements and helps users assess relative priorities for both business process and technology solutions to help patients improve their health by getting access to medical innovations.
Drives the development business processes and priorities. Evaluates alternative business process and technology solutions, and participates in making technology recommendations to enhance business operations.
Leads the development of business requirements, functional designs, process maps, user test plans, and training materials associated with business process and technology solutions. Facilitates client involvement in User Acceptance Testing.
Works collaboratively with peers in IIG, the LabCorp IT organization, and with internal/external stakeholders to coordinate the overall delivery of technology solutions to business groups.
Develops strong working knowledge of the industry, CMA clients and technology trends; uses this information to support the continuous improvement of the CMA Process Architecture.
Provides recommendations to technology business requirements, business objectives, budgets and timelines. Provides cost estimates for project related tasks.
Partners with senior leadership and the application development group or suppliers to ensure a timely, accurate and cost effective solution to IT business needs.
Interfaces with the application development test team to validate test results for new applications verifying that they meet the requirements of their business group.
Helps partner with functional business unit members on how to work with IT. Facilitates communication between IT and end users.
Works in conjunction with senior leaders in other functional areas to ensure that program launches, scope expansions and the development of new business capabilities are supported and delivered within the business architecture.
Utilizes project management processes and tools to facilitate the delivery of business process and technology solutions.
Participates in client visits, sales support, the design and development, of Call Center programs and other healthcare services. Ensure that proposals and service offerings are in line with business architecture.
Manages and mentors business analysts and other staff in the above competencies.
Education/Qualifications:


4-year college degree required (masters degree preferred) in business, healthcare, science, or math programs.

Experience:


At least 5 7 years of successful business analysis experience, with at least 3 of those years working in technology, healthcare or call center departments.
Working knowledge of CRM/BPM deployment and maintenance
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Ability to understand business processes and translate into technical specifications.
Solid problem solving and analytical skills.
Ability to work effectively with people at all levels of the organization
Client-focused approach with outstanding interpersonal skills
Working knowledge of system development life cycle concepts and healthcare systems
Ability to provide cost estimates on project tasks
