Guild Mortgage Company, closing loans and opening doors since 1960. As a mortgage banking firm we are dedicated to serving the home owner/buyer. Our goal is to provide affordable home financing for our customers, utilizing the best terms available while providing a level of professionalism and service unsurpassed in the lending industry.

Position Summary

The Senior Default Business Analyst performs activities related to the company’s business analysis functions within the default and bankruptcy servicing department. The role is primarily responsible, under limited supervision, for eliciting, analyzing, validating, specifying, verifying, and managing the needs of stakeholders. These include customers and end users from cross-functional departments. The Senior Default Business Analyst serves as the conduit between the business and the Information Systems software development team through which requirements flow for medium to complex projects.

Essential Functions
Work with the project sponsor to document project objectives, identify project stakeholders and analyze scope
Elicit project requirements through the use of interviews, document analysis, viewpoints, etc.
Write project requirements specifications and business rules according to standard templates. Set up, maintain and document I5/Foreclosure tracking system codes and stops, and manages change control process/signoff.
Accurately define quality attributes, constraints, external interfaces, and other nonfunctional requirements.
Establish and implement effective testing strategies to appropriately assess final programming changes; work with other Business Analysts to identify cross impacts of final programming changes to other areas.
Document system changes in short narrative or diagram overviews including all business rules, use cases, and test scripts.
Develop training programs and tools to increase systems knowledge; develop servicing processes, scripts, and templates for correspondence.
Decompose high-level business and user requirements into functional requirements and quality, specified in an appropriate level of detail.
Represent requirements using alternative views via flowcharts, diagrams, or scenarios where appropriate; participate in business justification and the prioritization of proposed requirements.
Identify and stay current on changes in industry regulations, and recommend updates to internal policies, procedures, policies, and systems based on new/changed requirements.
Participate in peer reviews and inspection of requirements documents and corresponding work products; ensure that the requirements were interpreted correctly.
Establish and implement effective requirements practices, including use and continuous improvement of requirements process. Assist with the development of the organization’s requirements engineering policies, procedures, and tools.
Provide audit/monitoring support as directed.
Use expertise to resolve issues escalated by junior-level teammates.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Qualifications
Expert-level knowledge of conventional and government mortgage loan documents, including overall processes and inter-relationships, standards and requirements, terminology, compliance and regulatory requirements related to federal debt collection laws, Federal Bankruptcy Laws, and proper handling of other legal situations.
Knowledge of Standard Operating Procedures, CFPB, FCRA and FDCPA requirement preferred.
Excellent verbal and written communication required; able to effectively manage communication with multiple stakeholders.
Demonstrated ability to interview subjects, facilitate group discussions, gather information, and report on results.
Strong proficiency with Microsoft Office, Excel Google docs, collaborative cloud-based programs, and third-party software applications required.
Ability to handle aggressive deadlines, set appropriate expectations and juggle multiple responsibilities
Self-motivated, with the ability to work independently and lead projects with a strong attention to detail.
Ethical, with a commitment to company values.
Supervision

High-level of independent judgment and discretion used in decision-making; uses sound judgment in executing core responsibilities

Requirements
Travel: 0%

Physical: Work is primarily sedentary; mobility in an office setting.
Manual Dexterity: Frequent use of computer keyboard and mouse.
Audio/Visual: Ability to accurately interpret sounds and associated meanings at a volume consistent with interpersonal conversation. Regularly required to accurately perceive, distinguish and interpret information received visually and through audio; e.g., words, numbers and other data broadcasted aloud/viewed on a screen, as well as print and other media.
Environmental: Office environment– no substantial exposure to adverse environmental conditions.

Guild offers a pleasant work environment, competitive compensation and excellent benefits package; including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, AD&D, LTD and 401(k) with employer match.

Guild Mortgage Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
