Sabre is hiring for a Logistics Analsyt to provide logistical support service for Navy Tactical Command Support System (NTCSS) Senior Logistics Analyst (SLA) under the Naval Forces Logistics (NFL) Logistics Training Service (LTS) contract to support Navy clients at COMNAVAIRPAC (CNAP) N412, Naval Air Station North Island (NASNI), Coronado, CA.
The candidate shall perform duties associated with CNAP Training Team such as formal classroom training curricular development and classroom facilitation. Candidate will also compile and submit myriad CVN RSupply/NALCOMIS datamining and Automated Management Reports (AMSR/AMCR/ RSRSR/MSSR/HAZMAT/CRT/FUEL).
Position may require up to 10% travel away from NASNI office.

Requires a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Management, or related business discipline. As a substitute, four years of “hands-on” experience in Navy automated supply/maintenance management may be utilized. Training related to the “degree substitute” provided at Navy schools is considered “hands on” experience.
In addition to any experience, which is substituted for education, the NTCSS SLA shall have three years of experience in Naval Supply, Logistics, Inventory, Financial Management and the functionality of Afloat Automated Information Systems (AIS).
Aircraft Carrier (CVN) or L-Deck Automated Supply Management expertise
NTCSS Force Level RSupply/Optimized NALCOMIS expertise.
Desired Qualifications:
Ideal candidate would be a former Navy Enlisted Logistics Specialist (LS) with CVN/L-Deck/NAS tours.
The candidate must have a Secret Security Clearance or the ability to obtain one.
Candidate is required to pass a background check.

Sabre Systems, Inc. is a quality driven, customer focused large business providing innovative solutions in the areas of Cyber, C4ISR, Business Intelligence and Data Analytics, and Enterprise Modernization to federal and civilian customers. Our mission is to ensure our customers have the technology, services, and expertise to overcome threats, maintain superiority, and quickly adapt to emerging obstacles. At Sabre, we're more than just a job - we're a team - and we care for and nurture our employees like family. If you want to be a part of creating and implementing enduring solutions that transform mission challenges into mission success – join Sabre!

Sabre provides an excellent benefits package, which includes healthcare, paid days off, tuition reimbursement, and a 401K plan.

We respect the unique perspectives that a diverse workforce of minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans brings not only to our company, but also to our customers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin.
EOE: Minorities/Females/Disability/Veterans; VEVRAA Federal Contractor

#LI-PH1
