Resource Management Concepts, Inc.

RMC is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified women, minorities, individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply for RMC job vacancies. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Location
San Diego, CA

Requisition #
1038

Resource Management Concepts, Inc. (RMC) provides high-quality, professional services to government and commercial sectors. Our mission is to deliver exceptional management and technology solutions supporting the protection and preservation of the people and environment of the United States of America.

RMC is hiring multiple Business Systems Analysts to support our Navy customer in San Diego, CA. The selected applicants will plan, direct, or coordinate RDT&E activities in such fields as electronic data processing, information systems, systems analysis, and computer programming. RMC is looking to fill these roles with different levels of experience/education. The breakdown is as follows:

Junior Business Systems Analyst— A Bachelor's Degree and one to three (1-3) years of experience in related RDT&E computer and information systems business management is required. Six (6) years' of additional related work experience or an Associate's Degree and four (4) years' of additional related work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's Degree.

Journeyman Business Systems Analyst —A Bachelor's Degree and three to ten (3-10) years of experience in related RDT&E computer and information systems business management is required. Six (6) years' of additional related work experience or an Associate's Degree and four (4) years' of additional related work experience may be substituted for a Bachelor's Degree.

Senior Business Systems Analyst —A Master's Degree and ten (10+) years of experience in related RDT&E computer and information systems business management is required. A Bachelor's Degree and four (4) years' of additional related work experience may be substituted for a Master's Degree.

The selected applicant must have DoD 8570/5239 IAT Level II Certification (Security + CE) and the ability to work independently and as part of a team in RDT&E environments.

Security Clearance: An active DoD secret clearance is required to start . Applicant selected may be subject to a security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. PI121064893
