Business Continuity Testing Program Analyst

Apply Now

Requisition # 10034067-WD

Job Type Day


Location
San Diego, California


Date Posted 03/10/2020
Your potential. Your opportunity.
Description


Discover your opportunity with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (MUFG), the 5th largest financial group in the world (as ranked by S&P Global, April 2018) with total assets of over $2.9 trillion (106.2 (JPY) as of March 30, 2018) and 150,000 colleagues in more than 50 countries. In the U.S., we’re 13,000 strong, working together to positively impact every customer, organization, and community we serve. We achieve this by delivering on our values, putting people first, fostering long-term relationships built on honesty and mutual understanding, and inspiring the best in each other. This is all part of our inclusive, high-performing culture supported by Total Rewards that include our cash balance pension plan. Join a team that’s working to fulfill its vision to be the world’s most trusted financial group.

Analyst BC Testing Program, AVP

Job Summary: Reporting to the Business Continuity Testing Director in the Operations and Process Excellence (OPE) Risk Management team, the Business Continuity Testing, AVP Analyst is responsible for supporting the team implementing a comprehensive first line of defense BC testing program.

Major Responsibilities: Work with all business lines as well as second, and third lines of defense to support of the buildoutof a business continuity testing program that is consistent and aligned with the policy and standards second line of defense establishes for business continuity testing.

JOB SUMMARY:

Key business responsibilities of the Business Continuity Testing, AVP Analyst include:
Work across all business lines to support establishment and execution of a business continuity testing approach that is compliant with FFEIC Booklet Business Continuity Planning (Section 7: Testing Program - Governance and Attributes)
Participate actively in Business Continuity Management governance and working groups representing the Business Continuity testing program as assigned
Enhance and leverage the risk and control assessment process to address business continuity testing
Work with managers at multiple levels to understand their business and technology environments that require recovery capability and testing
Support development of tools and templates to standardize documentation in the BC testing program
Support development and implementation of training curriculums to support the BC testing programs
Support development and production of required reporting on BC testing activities for executives, the board and examiners
Stay current with industry trends with regards to BC testing
Support efforts to ensure ownership and maintenance of BC testing across business, technology, and third party areas
Support efforts to identify opportunities for new or enhanced metrics that facilitate reporting on the maturity and effectiveness of the BC Testing program.
Qualifications


Qualifications
2-5 years in business continuity, disaster recovery planning or related field
Experience in supporting the design, evaluation, and execution of BC testing programs preferably in the financial services sector
Proven success in a highly matrix management role
Skilled/adept at drawing and evaluating operational processes, highlighting risks and controls
Proficiency in several business continuity related topics
Experience helping teach and coach staff
Enjoys analyzing and discussing risks and controls
Ability to “connect the dots” and see and articulate a broader picture of risks
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to overcome obstacles and deliver assignments on-time and with high quality
High energy self-starter
Experience leading meetings and/or workshops and directing resources to goal attainment
Knowledge of several banking business products
Bachelor’s degree (minimum requirement)
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified.

We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer and committed to leveraging the diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and experience of our workforce to create opportunities for our colleagues and our business. We do not discriminate in employment decisions on the basis of any protected category.

A conviction is not an absolute bar to employment. Factors such as the age of the offense, evidence of rehabilitation, seriousness of violation, and job relatedness are considered in all employment decisions. Additionally, it’s the bank’s policy to only inquire into a candidate’s criminal history after an offer has been made. Federal law prohibits banks from employing individuals who have been convicted of, or received a pretrial diversion for, certain offenses.

Job Risk
Primary Location San Diego, California


Shift Day

Schedule Full Time

Apply Now
