About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.

Position Summary:

Highly visible, growth opportunity for a candidate who is detail oriented, has high business acumen, understands medical device sales processes, and healthcare sales data. This position will work closely with Insides Sales and Marketing to support their CRM and Sales Operations needs. Other responsibilities may include special projects that support building and expanding Dexcom’s Commercial Operations capabilities

Functional Description: Professional Individual Contributor

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work closely with Inside Sales Management, Marketing, and other stakeholders to proactively identify and address process gaps and areas for improvement
Provide CRM business oversight including, reporting, data management, and workflows to support sales and marketing processes.
Working cross-functionally, implement and enforce processes and tools that enable commercial success, smooth collaboration with adjacent departments, and clear visibility into sales performance
Working closely with IT, develop processes, safeguards, and regular checks to ensure system and data integrity
Continually seek out opportunities to eliminate inefficiencies and automate manual work
Ensure cross functional communication and alignment to maximize impact of projects on strategic issues.
Work with a high degree of independence, plan, organize, and implement multiple projects within time and budget constraints
Support special projects designed to improve commercial performance and/or expand capabilities (e.g. CRM Implementations, Data Integration)
Other duties as assigned.
Experience and Education Requirements:
Typically requires a Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of 5-8 years of related experience
Ability to review, comprehend, analyze, and interpret requests, concepts, documents, etc
Fundamental understanding of CRM systems (Salesforce.com, Veeva, Microsoft Dynamics, etc)
Proven record of handling standardized processes
Technical aptitude to use Excel or other analytical tools
Demonstrated ability to structure and conduct analyses to generate insight and recommendations
Preferred Qualifications
5-8 years life science, pharmaceutical, or medical device experience
Strong experience with Salesforce.com, Qualtrics a plus
Experience with Agile project methodology and generating user stories
Experience with 3rd party data like IMS Health or Symphony, with a strong understanding of related data sources (preferred but not required)
Experience with medical/retail claims and Managed care data a plus
Travel Required:
Up to 25%
Functional/Business Knowledge:
A seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of area of specialization; resolves a wide range of issues in creative ways.
Demonstrates further technical development and a track record of project success.
Demonstrates an ability to coordinate multiple projects simultaneously.
Considered a specialist in the field within the function.
Scope:
Assists in determining objectives of assignment. Plan schedules and arranges own activities in accomplishing objectives.
Works on problems of diverse scope where analysis of data requires evaluation of identifiable factors.
Networks with senior internal and external colleagues in own area of expertise.
Judgement:
Demonstrates good judgment in selecting methods and techniques for obtaining solutions.
Normally receives little instruction on day-to-day work, general instructions on new assignments.
Language Skills: Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be required to perform the following Physical Activity: Standing, walking, sitting, using hands, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, talk or hear, taste or smell. May be required to lift 0 lbs. to over 100 lbs.

Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be exposed to the following environmental conditions: Wet or humid conditions, work near moving parts, work in high - precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions, extreme heat (non-weather), extreme cold (non-weather), risk of electric shock, work with explosives, risk of radiation, vibration. The noise level in this work environment can range from quiet to very loud.

Please note: The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.

#LI-EF1

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@dexcom.com.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Dexcom. Only authorized staffing and recruiting agencies may use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes on specific requisitions. Dexcom does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to the Talent Acquisition team, Dexcom employees or any other company location. Dexcom is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
