SUMMARY

The Global Trade Compliance (GTC) Staff Analyst will be an important team member supporting Illumina’s compliance with all applicable global import and export regulations. This position requires in-depth experience of import/export operations, and the candidate must demonstrate knowledge of customs requirements, export and import licensing, economic sanctions, and classification requirements. This role requires exceptional cross-collaboration skills to effectively communicate GTC’s requirements across the organization. It is an exciting opportunity to join a dynamic GTC team that is supporting the Company’s vision to transform human health. Your passion is critical to our success!

MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES
Operate under the general direction and supervision of the Associate Director, Global Trade.
Act as a subject matter expert concerning the application of US and international customs and trade regulations to Illumina’s business.
Assess, develop, implement and monitor internal policies and procedures that mitigate business risk and ensure compliance with global trade regulations.
Support day-to-day business operations and strategic commercial opportunities by conducting analysis of transactions and making recommendations on how to achieve financial objectives while ensuring compliance with applicable regulations.
Educate all departments in interpreting and complying with trade compliance regulations by building and providing global, company-wide training.
Coordinate and support any internal, external and government compliance disclosure, inspection, investigation, assessment and audit as required and respond to applicable requests.
Collaborate with GTC team and cross-functional stakeholders to drive continuous improvement initiatives that increase compliance with global trade regulations.
Maintain up-to-date knowledge of global trade policies, regulations, national and international guidelines and industry standards
QUALIFICATIONS
Education & Experience: BA/BS degree plus 8+ years of equivalent practical work experience. A Masters and/or JD degree is a plus.
Specialized knowledge of import and/or export trade regulations in multiple countries.
Experience in life science or medical device industry considered a plus.
Working experience with broker operations and a general understanding of logistics and supply chain process would be beneficial for this role.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, judgement, creativity, flexibility.
Ability to work cross-functionally and collaboratively.
Detail oriented and highly organized; ability to multi-task several tasks/projects at once.
Ability to adapt to rapid change, work with a sense of urgency, and effective time management.
Knowledge and experience of SAP and trade compliance management systems.
Illumina believes that everyone has the ability to make an impact, and we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer committed to providing employment opportunity regardless of sex, race, creed, color, gender, religion, marital status, domestic partner status, age, national origin or ancestry, physical or mental disability, medical condition, sexual orientation, pregnancy, military or veteran status, citizenship status, and genetic information. If you require accommodation to complete the application or interview process, please contact accommodations@illumina.com. To learn more, visit: https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf
