Job Description:
At SDG&E, we are committed to the community we call home, delivering clean, safe and reliable energy to better the lives of the people we serve in San Diego and southern Orange counties. Our commitment means we are creating a sustainable future by providing almost 45 percent of its electricity from renewable sources; modernizing natural gas pipelines; accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles; supporting numerous non-profit partners; and, investing in innovative technologies to ensure safe and reliable operation of the region's infrastructure for generations to come.

Our highly trained and responsive employees with their diverse skills, talents and ideas are the reason we can deliver on our commitment and are building America's best energy company. They are also the reason why we have been recognized with the industry's most coveted awards. Our employees undertake challenging work, and receive highly competitive compensation and benefits. As one of the region's largest employers, we're always searching for talented and bright people to join our team. After all, it takes the best to build the best.

Responsible for assessing technical and financial models for evolving energy supply products in support of SDG&E's $1 billionplus
power procurement program. The analyst will also be pivotal in assisting change management efforts related to the evolving
energy supply industry. This includes utilizing, maintaining, and augmenting models that meets Least-Cost, Best-Fit (LCBF)
standards and contemplates long-term financial and technical ramifications. Provides recommendations in the evaluation of bids /
RFOs. The Senior Origination Analyst will be responsible for contributing to testimony to support the leadership team in state
regulatory proceedings. Conducts major compliance activities associated with the California Renewable Portfolio Standard
(RPS), supports SDG&E's Bundled Procurement Plan (BPP) and mandated procurement compliance efforts.
Responsible for assessing and implementing power-related technical and financial models used in the
energy procurement process. This includes procurement of capacity (and/or resource adequacy), and
energy for conventional resources such as peaking units and combined cycle units and for preferred
resources such as renewables, demand response, energy efficiency, combined heat and power and
energy storage, as well as other related products or services such as greenhouse gas offsets. Analyzes
market data, performs computations and disseminates model results and conclusions for the organization.
Leads compliance activities such as those associated with RPS positions and the CHP settlement.
Develops systems, processes and procedures for mandated procurement program requirements to
effectuate optimized management of SDG&E's energy portfolio. Assures data is conveyed to management
to support management's decisions-making for portfolio optimization. Verify technical inputs against
market data sources that inform SDG&E's portfolio management.
Facilitates change management as the energy supply industry evolves. Responsible for forward-thinking
analyses related to the current and future SDG&E energy procurement portfolio. Lead and technical expert
for responses to internal or external (including CPUC or other regulatory body) data requests and support
for other requirements (such as Procurement Review Group meetings) in alignment with the corporate
strategic plan.
Coordinates and collaborates with front office or settlements employees to ensure analytical approaches
taken are consistent with external market developments (such as CAISO markets) and is supportive of
other groups within Energy Supply including Market Policy and Strategy. May serve as support for
technical analyses included in key regulatory filings.
Develop communication and presentation materials for internal and external stakeholders such as PRG
with review from the Independent Evaluators (IEs) and management to report on SDG&E's energy
procurement activities.
Performs other duties as assigned.

Qualifications:
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in quantitative or business field such as Engineering, Accounting, Finance,
Economics, Business Administration, or a related field is required, or
equivalent training and/or experience required.
A minimum of 5-7 years relevant work experience of increasingly challenging analytics required.
An understanding of the CPUC regulatory process as it pertains to commodity procurement and a familiarity with
various forms of power contracting (such as tolling agreements) is required.'
May be required to work extended hours and travel as required.
Preferred Qualifications:
CPA, CFA, MBA and/or other professional certifications/advanced degrees are preferred.
Experience in utility energy markets and analytics is preferred.
Experience with battery energy storage modeling or Photovoltaic Systems are highly desirable.
Ability to perform complex analysis and modeling. Able to anticipate requirements and can develop sound
analytical approaches to emerging industry challenges such as energy storage or the modeling of preferred
resources.
Effective in communicating complex energy / LCBF analytical results to all levels inside and outside the
company.
Strong interpersonal skills. Able to persuade and influence those with divergent views to achieve a consensus.

Area of Interest:
Business Operations

Full-Time/Part-Time:
Full-time

Posting End Date:
