Req Ref No: KCCASP16
Location: San Diego , CA
Duration: 12 months months

Description

Job Description:
Work with scientists to build quick turnaround tools to facilitate generic workflow capabilities of scientific data management
Maintain existing scientific system protocols and scripts on demand.
Assist vendors to implement new release update, develop and deploy new or enhanced protocols
Provide on demand data processing and transfer using PL/SQL procedures, shell scripts, wrapped up in cron jobs on Linux hosts, and etc
Create and implement new data processing templates
Provide end user support on data upload and search using existing templates and forms
Provide technical leadership to support successful delivery of technical solutions following defined company SDLC process as needed.
Collaborate with project architect, infrastructure team, project manager, vendor as needed.
Work with cross-functional teams to resolve technical issues
Minimal Requirements-
Bachelor’s Degree in Chemistry, Biology, Computer Science, Information Systems or equivalent
Basic understanding of the drug discovery process and chemical/biological data structures
Demonstrated experience with protocol development and maintenance for one or more of the following scientific systems: Dotmatics, ActivityBase, Electronic Laboratory Notebook (ELN), Spotfire, Genedata.
Experienced with KNIME, Pipeline Pilot, PL/SQL, VBA, Perl, Python, Linux Shell Scripting, MatLab, HTML, or any other similar script languages
Understanding and knowledge of Amazon Web Service (AWS) services and usage.
Excellent communication skills: Demonstrated experience of interacting with end user to gather requirements and business needs, and ability to perform designated tasks in a timely manner
Proactive approach to customers’ needs and ability to design and demonstrate solution plans to improve current workflows
Project related technical leadership
Ability to multitask in a fast paced research environment
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Highly motivated self-starter
Desirable Skill and Experience-
Relational database development with oracle, or mySQL, and etc.
5+ year working experience in pharmaceutical or biotech industry
Strong knowledge of solution development life-cycle (SDLC) techniques and industry best practice
Have both hands-on lab experience as well as computer/programming skills.
VIVA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants have an equal opportunity for placement, and all employees have an equal opportunity to develop on the job. This means that VIVA will not discriminate against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
