Role Description


We are looking for a Business Intelligence Consultant to join our InterReport, Software as a Service (SaaS) team at our office in Mission Valley. This is a great career opportunity for a highly motivated and business-minded college graduate with a strong interest in and aptitude for technology and who enjoys working with clients.

Successful applicants will be detail-oriented and have a high comfort level with technology, familiar with and/or comfortable with learning a scripting language similar to PERL, and familiar with data structures, and with relational databases. The focus of this role is to help customer organizations leverage this product family from pre-sales through deployment to post-implementation support. To be successful, candidates must be programming oriented, have strong communication and data skills, and show customer presence.

Key Areas of Results:
Capability and aptitude in scripting or programming skills to create solutions for a variety of business problems. This role includes programming in DI’s own proprietary language, report generation (using a client tool), and user support.
Ability to communicate with both technical and functional stakeholders within a variety of organizations.
Ability to understand business needs, gather business requirements, and create an effective solution.
Ability to visualize data relationships to design structures and to analyze data variances. A can-do, self-starter who welcomes working with external customers and an innate desire to learn new information.
Ability to develop creative, flexible solutions, based on the business requirements.
Motivated by customer satisfaction and the execution of results.

Functional Requirements:
A technical background with a strong desire to learn new skills and technologies.
Must have knowledge of at least one programming language.
Must be able to work within a Windows and Linux environment.
Prefer knowledge or past experience working with a scripting language, such as Perl, SAS or an ETL tool.
Working knowledge of relational databases and data feeds and data relationships desirable.
Some business background is good, understanding of general business processes and ERP systems.
The consultant will use the DI products to create a reporting and analysis environment intended to meet specific customer requirements.
The consultant will write Integrator scripts, build models, QA data and create reports.
The consultant will provide ongoing customer support, for user questions or data issues.
Successful candidates will possess:


Education:


BS in Computer Science, Math, Business, or Economics, preferably a dual or combination degree which includes some technical courses.

Experience:
Some familiarity and/or experience in MIS, Business Intelligence or Business Reporting environment is a plus.
Entry level, junior positions are available.
Approximately 10% US travel required.
Must be articulate, self motivated and have a professional customer service/support demeanor.
Must possess excellent customer interfacing, verbal and written communication skills.
To apply, please email resume to: interreport-jobs@dimins.com
