Location: San Diego, CA
Req. Number: 4684
Description
M.C. Dean is Building Intelligence™ in the form of cyber-physical solutions for the nation’s most recognizable mission-critical facilities, large-scale infrastructure, and global enterprises.

Our success relies on great people delivering innovative projects and solutions for Fortune 100 companies and the most recognized agencies in government, defense, and security.

Join our more than 3,000 employees worldwide who engineer and deploy automated, secure and resilient power and technology systems; and deliver the management platforms essential for long-term system sustainability. Together we are creating the integrated systems and technologies that shape the built and cyber-physical world.

We offer an excellent benefits package including:
A competitive salary
Medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance
Paid-time off
Tuition reimbursement
401k Retirement Plan
Military Reserve pay offset
Paid maternity leave
General:

The M.C. Dean, Inc. Maritime Division works at shipyards around the world from our regional offices in Chesapeake, VA, and San Diego, CA. Become a key member of our Alteration Installation Teams, supporting C4ISR system installations on ships and submarines. Join the top team on the waterfront, working for unrivaled compensation and benefits.

Minimum Education:
BA or BS in Physical Science Engineering, MIS, or Business
Experience:
Earned Value Management
Six (6) years of Contract Management experience, to include: Development of Program Acquisition Documentation, Development of Testing Criteria, Development of Corrective Action Systems, Development of Program Monitoring Approach (e.g. PERT, CPM, EVM), Analysis of Programs Health, Data Collection and Analysis, Development of Cost Estimates, and Development of Program Status Reports.
Comprehensive knowledge of Federal Acquisition Regulations, DOD procurement policies, and procedures
Security and Work Locations:

Other:
Work is primarily in San Diego, CA and Norfolk, VA but you may travel for extended periods to other shipyards in the USA and to other Navy ports outside the USA
You will work at government facilities. You must be a US Citizenship eligible for clearance.
You must pass a background investigation
Valid driver's license
Abilities:
Exposure to computer screens for an extended period of time
Sitting for extended periods of time.
Reach by extending hands or arms in any direction.
Have finger dexterity in order to manipulate objects with fingers rather than whole hands or arms, for example, using a keyboard.
Listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences.
Communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand.
Read and understand information and ideas presented in writing.
Apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense.
Identify and understand the speech of another person.

Possible travel locations include the below but not limited to:
San Diego, CA
Vallejo, CA
Everett, WA
Seattle, WA
Portland, OR
Groton, CT
Mayport, FL
Panama City, FL
Charleston, SC
Pearl Harbor, HI
Portland, OR
Earl, NJ
Guam
EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled
VEVRAA Contractor

Are you a returning applicant?
Previous Applicants:


Email:


Password:
If you do not remember your password click here.
Back to Search Results

New Search

Corporate Headquarters
1765 Greensboro Station Pl.
Tysons, VA 22102
Office: (703) 802-6231
Fax: (703) 421-4670

M.C. Dean, Inc. © 2020 All Rights Reserved.
