Job Requisition Number: 20200410J1

Job Title: Systems Analyst

Salary Range or Maximum: DOE

Physical Address of Work Location: San Diego, CA

Relocation Assistance: No

Employment Type: Full Time; Contingent upon contract award

Security Clearance: SECRET

Posted Date: April 10 2020

Closing Date: When Filled

Mandatory Skill Requirements (must have):
Minimum of 4 years Systems Analysis experience in Defense industry/Department of the Navy or comparable Government Agencies.
Functional expertise in Navy C4I Systems and applications.
Strong understanding of the systems and subsystem integration.
Proficient with analytical and statistical methods and tools.
Strong understanding of Supply Chain and Logistics support functions.
Basic understanding of the DoD Acquisition Lifecycle.
Outstanding capabilities in oral and written communications.
Desired Skill Requirements:
MS preferred.
Expertise in Navy Afloat Network Programs such as ADNS, CANES, SubLAN or AI
Job Duties:
Serve as functional domain expert in areas relevant to Navy IT projects.
Produce and/or review substantive and/or complex documentation reflecting detailed knowledge of functional areas of expertise.
Document requirements based design, cross-functional integration, feasibility studies, and functional process specifications.
Perform evaluation of alternatives and assessment of risks and costs.
Assemble, prepare, and analyze data for studies; statistical models; evaluations; system requirements; and other needs.
Use technical discretion within defined practices and policies in selecting methods and techniques for determining approaches or obtaining solutions.
Assemble, prepare, and analyze data as required by the Program.
Provide technical advice and operating assistance in interpreting results.
Provide input or preparing technical reports based on the expert interpretation of analyzed data.
Perform a variety of logistics tasks concerned with the design, implementation, operation, and performance of logistics functions, including supply chain, acquisition, distribution, and transportation.
Education/Equivalent: Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Systems Management, Information Technology Systems or Business Administration.

Travel Required: Yes.

Comments: Apply for position online at https://industechnology.applicantpro.com/jobs.

Job Posted by ApplicantPro
