Posting Details (Default Section)

Closing Date: Open Until Filled Yes Classification Title Programmer Analyst Working Title Programmer Analyst Recruitment Limits Location District Pay Information

Range H ($5,744.24 - $9,590.22) per month based on the current Supervisory and Professional Employees' Association - Salary Schedule B

Initial salary placement is commensurate with related experience and promotional rules. The District offers a comprehensive fringe benefit package including employer paid: medical, dental, and vision plans; sick and vacation leave; and opportunities for professional development. Initial Salary Placement, Promoted or transferred employees will be placed as specified in the SPAA - Supervisory & Professional Administrators Association Handbook. This position is FLSA Exempt and may not accrue overtime. A temporary probationary period will be applied to the employee entering this assignment. The SDCCD Employment Web Page provides a link to employee collective bargaining agreements and handbooks, and more information about terms and conditions of employment to include salary and benefits.

Position Equivalent FTE:
0 FTE
No. Months: 12 Months Position Number: 011816, 011813, 011809 FLSA Status Exempt (does not accrue overtime) Position Type Classified Bargaining Unit Supervisory/Professional Range H Department Business & Technology Services The Position

San Diego Community College District (SDCCD), second largest of California's community college districts is looking for four Programmer Analysts at the SDCCD Computing and Distribution Center located at 9315 Hillery Drive, San Diego, CA 92126. These positions will support the District's PeopleSoft enterprise applications. We offer excellent benefits and ample sick and vacation leave.

About SDCCD

As the second-largest of California's 72 community college districts, the San Diego Community College District serves approximately 100,000 students annually at its three, credit colleges, San Diego City College, Mesa College, Miramar College and seven campuses of San Diego Continuing Education.

Hours are 8:00 to 5:00 p.m., Monday thru Friday. Selected candidates must be willing to adjust work days/hours based on the department's needs.

Applicants must have authorization to permanently work in the US.

Please note that an employee may be transferred to any site at the option of the Chancellor.

Classification Description

Click here for description

If you would like to open the link in a different tab or window, right click and select the option.

Desired Qualifications

Knowledge:

Comprehensive knowledge of maintaining and enhancing computing architectures and environments.

Specific PeopleSoft software/programming languages/tools such as:
PeopleTools 8.5x
Application Designer
PeopleCode
Application Engine (AE)
Integration Broker/Tools
Process Scheduler
PS Query
SQR, Workflow
nVision
PeopleSoft Security
Tree Manager
Data Mover
BI Publisher/XML Publisher
Oracle (SQL, SQL Developer, SQLPlus)
Microsoft Office Suite.
Hyperion Planning tool
Skills and Abilities:

Recognize and resolve system related problems.

Work independently and make necessary decisions within department guidelines.

Perform multiple tasks concurrently and respond to emergency situations effectively.

Communicate technical and complex information both orally and in writing.

Training and Experience:

Associate Degree in computer related discipline. Minimum of 2 years programming experience may substitute for the degree requirement on a year-for-year basis.

Minimum of 2 years' experience in systems design, programming and/or systems software and support. Foreign Degree: Applicants with foreign degrees from colleges or universities outside of the United States must have their coursework evaluated by a professional association that is a member of the National Association of Credential Evaluation Services (NACES). A copy of the evaluation must be submitted with your on-line application. Commitment to Diversity:

All applicants must have demonstrated cultural competency and sensitivity to and understanding of the diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, and ethnic backgrounds of community college students, faculty and classified professionals.

Special Instructions to Applicants:

To ensure full consideration, qualified candidates must submit a complete online application that includes the items listed (extraneous material will not be reviewed). References to résumés or other uploaded documents within the online application will be considered an "incomplete" application; please enter "N/A" if any section does not apply.
Complete online application; AND
Résumé;
Optional: Cover Letter
Optional: Unofficial Transcripts
Foreign Degree Evaluation.
Important: To ensure consistency and fairness to all candidates, please do not submit materials other than those requested (i.e., personal photo, articles you've written, etc). Please only upload requested documents using respective document name labels. Uploading extraneous materials, unless specifically requested within this posting, may result in your application not being reviewed. Only complete application packets will be forwarded to the committee.

Application materials sent via mail, fax, or e-mail will not be accepted.

Note that correspondence, including interview invitations, will be sent to you via e-mail.

All inquiries, nominations and applications will be held in the strictest confidence. Conditions of Employment:

SELECTED CANDIDATE IS REQUIRED TO COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING PRIOR TO EMPLOYMENT:

Submit "official" transcripts as stated on application (From all institutions listed in the online application);

Pass a pre-employment physical exam at the District's expense;

Provide a Tuberculosis Clearance Certificate for initial appointment (Note: The certificate must be renewed every 4 years as a condition of continuing employment);

Have fingerprints taken by a Live Scan computer at the candidate's expense (Clearance must be received prior to first day of employment);

Present original documents for proof of eligibility to work in the United States as required by the I9 Employment Eligibility Verification form; AND

Attend a new hire processing appointment in Human Resources located at the District Administrative Offices.

EMPLOYMENT AFTER RETIREMENT

If you accept a contract (permanent) position with SDCCD and are a retired annuitant with CalPERS or CalSTRS, you must reinstate from your retirement system. Please reference the CalPERS or CalSTRS website for further information.

Additional Information:

EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

SDCCD provides a comprehensive fringe benefit package for its full-time classified employees. The District contributes toward the cost of the premium (including dependent coverage) for the medical insurance plan options. Additional benefits include dental, vision, sick leave, vacation and opportunities for professional development. Contract employees become members of the California Public Employees' Retirement System (CalPERS) upon appointment.

Posting Number CL01156
