OverviewNV5 (NASDAQ: NVEE) provides engineering and consulting services to public and private sectors, delivering solutions through five business verticals: Construction Quality Assurance, Infrastructure, Utility Services, Program Management, and Environmental. With offices nationwide and abroad, NV5 helps clients plan, design, build, test, certify, and operate projects that improve the communities where we live and work.As engineers, architects, construction/program managers, environmental professionals and beyond, we play a significant role in shaping our communities through the services we provide. We are looking for passionate, driven individuals to join our team focused on Delivering Solutions and Improving Lives.Responsibilities* Set-up and maintain projects in Deltek Vision, including review new contracts, as well as advise Project Manager (PM) on the most efficient way to set-up projects to meet client billing requirements.• Maintain projects as change orders (CO's) are added.• Close each phase when work is completed and billed.• Close entire job the period after all transactions are completed.• Consult/advise PM on contract options, obtain reviews, get contract issued, manage document flow for local office, advise Principal in Charge (PIC) of projects without pending contracts and/or other contract issues.• Process draft invoices for review and approval by PM. Review and maintain billing terms, ensure client's requirements are met (back-up, status reports or lien waiver attached).• Analyze budget vs. actual spent on projects. Reconcile contract/approved/pending CO's vs. the total billed to-date on projects.• Track Sub Consultants. Provide Contract Department with sub proposals to ensure sub consultant contracts are issued. Receive sub invoices and verify amount billed against budget, create and update Sub consultant tracking form in Excel. Present invoice to PM for approval. Input into Vision and send paperwork to Corporate Accounting office for posting.• Provide and prepare detailed analysis of Project Budget including spent to date, billed to date, budget remaining, WIP, and A/R.• Coordinate with clients and sub consultants. Determine appropriate client & sub consultant contacts, answer questions, obtain information when necessary, communicate information to PM, and act as liaison for billing and performance questions.• Support/assist A/R & A/P personnel. Share information with A/R & A/P, resolve questions, ask for updated A/R information and inform A/R of any arrangements to existing invoices (voids/reissues).• Monitor and report exceptions to firm wide policies and procedures.• WIP corrections/ adjustment/management. Ensure correct rates due to changes, write downs, zero bill rate corrections, and labor category corrections.• Perform analysis of mark-ups• Participate in/assist with orientation for new PMs.• Project Finance Compliance - Ensure the implementation and monitoring of Project Finance Compliance to include review of revenue methods to ensure GAAP standards, client contract review and project set up in financial system.• Misc Project Finance Tasks - Perform research and audit tasks related to Operational Finance as required.Qualifications* Bachelor's Degree in accounting, finance or related discipline with at least 5 years relevant experience and good working knowledge of financial, accounting, audit and business principles.• Excellent written and oral communication skills, and proficiency in Excel, Word and PowerPoint, are required.• Experience with architectural or engineering firm a plus.• Knowledge and proficiency in Microsoft Office products• Experience with Deltek Vision systems preferred.NV5 offers a competitive compensation and benefits package including medical, dental, life insurance, PTO, 401(k) and professional development/advancement opportunities.NV5 provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. NV5 complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.
