Overview


Abacus Technology is seeking a Service Desk Analyst to provide technical support for the Naval Information Warfare Center (NIWC) Pacific. This is a full-time position.

Responsibilities


Support account and identity management such as credential verification, account creation and troubleshooting, account deletion and notification, account attribute and group membership management. Support network connectivity and security services such as such as end-point host registration, configuration and network port level troubleshooting, Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) credential and token management support, security scan credential and block/quarantine coordination. Securing lab operations including: open and close duties in accordance with Classified Material Storage (CMS), Equipment Only Restricted Access Personnel (EORAP) cryptographic requirements, door access and log control, approved visitor escort and control, kiosk access and control, periodic space inspection safety and security walks, and general housekeeping and interfacing with the vendor, contractor, and government facilities staff. Support Continuous Improvement efforts, to include but not limited to, participating in process and workflow leaning, new process development, pilot testing, release management, ticketing system modifications and service transitions. Develop and update process documentation and update customer facing status and Knowledge Management tools and systems. Respond to support inquiries and requests, through the established methods (e.g., telephone, ticketing system, electronic mail, chat-client, in-person walk-up, etc.). Own, track, and resolve ITSM requests (e.g., Incident, Change, Work Orders and Service Requests) that are assigned or escalated. Provide real-time operational updates of customer facing status and Knowledge Management tools and systems in accordance with business rules and procedures defined by the government.

Qualifications


3+ years experience in a help desk or technical support role. Must hold one of the following certifications: Security+, CAP, CASP, CISM, and/or CISSP. Must hold one of the following certifications: MTA – Configuring Windows 7; Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) – Enterprise Administrator on Windows Server 2008 – MCITP (Enterprise Administrator); MCITP – Server Administrator on Windows Server 2008 – MCITP (Server Administrator); Microsoft Certified Systems Administrator (MCSA); and/or Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE 2012). Must be HDI-Customer Service Representative (HDI-CSR) certified or hold an equivalent customer service certification. Must be ITIL v3 Foundations certified. Must be a team player able to work professionally and collaboratively with the government customer and other contract members of the project team. Excellent written and verbal communication skills and a client focus. Must be a US Citizen and hold a current Secret clearance.

Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
