Market Analyst/Senior Market Analyst | Req. 201812-510-54
Position Summary and Essential Functions and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Market Analysis (90%)
In support of the Strategy and Corporate Development activities, the candidate is responsible for analyzing product markets and developing business cases to support assessment of new opportunities and collaborations with interested parties. Responsible for performing research and providing insights regarding the market, trends, competitors, potential and existing customers, and current technology developments of Genomatica competitors.

1.Explore new market opportunities resulting from assigned market spaces and product hypotheses
2.Perform extensive market research, including exploration of market dynamics, growth limiting factors and the supply chain
3.Research various applications of a product
4.Investigate brand positions
5.Evaluate alternative products to target product
6.Create databases and capture market data
7.Analyze competitors
8.Evaluate prices, distribution channels, and marketing outlets
9.Connect with consultancy firms specialized in target chemical markets
10.Create questionnaires and surveys for market studies
11.Conduct secondary research, including finding information from industry associations, statisticians and marketing experts
12.Generate reports that analyze competition and customers
13.Offer insights about product potentials
14.Explore the potential of sustainable manufacturing options for a product

Government Affairs (10%)
Identifies and monitors government initiatives providing grants and public funding for bio-based chemicals and process developments with specific focus on North America and Europe. Supports company leadership in accessing external resources to facilitate Genomatica development programs and participates in governmental forums and industry group meetings. Monitors regulatory and grant environment for opportunities (tax credits, loan guarantees, appropriations, grants and contracts, etc.) that may profoundly reduce the cost of research, development or commercial deployment.

Supervisory Responsibilities
This job has no supervisory responsibilities.

Qualifications& Experience
The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required in order satisfactorily perform in this role.

1.Education
a.BA/BS in Industrial Engineering, Business, or a related field, with an MBA

2. Experience
a.5-8 years of experience or MBA plus 3-5 years’ experience
b.Knowledge of intermediate and specialty chemicals markets; or equivalent combination of education and experience in market analyses including working in chemical market consultancies

3.Knowledge Requirements
a.Understanding of manufacturing costs and business deal structures
b.Chemical markets with main focus on intermediate and specialty chemicals
4.Competencies
a.Excellent communication and presentation skills
b.Impeccable analytical skills and attention to detail
c.Ability to work effectively and respectfully across all levels of the organization
d.Ability to prioritize and competently handle multiple tasks
e.Integrity, trust and high ethical standards
f.Action orientation/delivers results relentlessly
g.Ability to work independently and with a team

Any experience in Business development is a plus.
Genomatica is an equal-opportunity employer.
