Technical Systems Analyst-San Diego

WHO WE ARE - Millennium Health is a leading health solutions company that delivers accurate, timely, clinically actionable information to inform the right treatment decisions for each patient. Millennium Health offers a comprehensive suite of services including Millennium PGT and Millennium UDT, which can be used to better tailor patient care. More information can be found at www.millenniumhealth.com.

Responsible to convert software characteristics, such as security, manageability and scalability, into a structured lab management solution that aligns with the company's goals and technological needs.

The following are intended to be examples of the accountabilities for which the person in this position is responsible. This position is not intended to be complete or all-inclusive and does not preclude management from assigning other or related functions for which the individual has demonstrated competency through performance.
Works with the senior leadership to bring to fruition the architectural vision and strategy from an enterprise perspective.
Work with laboratory users and technical staff to understand business processes, needs, and problems to be addressed.
Create and maintain various system architectural artifacts.
Perform architectural acceptance tests to ensure the implementation of systems conforms to the design.
Work with offshore development teams in all the phases of system implementation
Identify and evaluate system process improvement opportunities.
Assist with validation planning activities and test case development for non-functional requirements
Other duties as assigned.
Regular and reliable attendance.
Remains aware of evolving needs and opportunities, showing flexibility in doing whatever is appropriate to support the Company’s success. Pursues educational opportunities to maintain advanced and up-to-date knowledge in the field. Performs all other related duties as required and assigned and understands that the items in this description are not all-inclusive.

Required Skills
Strong knowledge of all phases of software development lifecycle processes
Ability to multitask
Detail oriented
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing
Strong investigative, analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience with HIPAA compliance is highly desired
Knowledge of chemistry, mass spectrometry, genetics, and biology highly desired
Hands-on laboratory experience is highly desired
Ability to learn new technologies and concepts with minimal guidance
Ability to perform basic management and configuration of LIMS, LIS, and analytics systems according to user specifications highly desired
Proficient in MS Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook)
Required Experience
BS Degree, preferably in Computer Science, Bioinformatics, Chemistry
3+ years of hands on experience implementing solutions using Angular/React/Vue front end frameworks
3+ years of hands on experience designing and implementing Micro services technologies using Java 8 Spring Boot or Dot Net framework
3+ years of familiarity working with relational databases
3+ years of experience participating in system design activities and capturing and managing the technical architecture of the software solution and writing technical design documents
2+ years hands-on development of cloud-based solutions
Experience in a clinical laboratory or regulated industry
Proficient in using UML modelling tools
Proficiency with Git required
Millennium Health offers a competitive, comprehensive benefits package.

Millennium Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and E-Verify participant. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation or protected veteran status

https://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm

Job Location
San Diego, US-CA
