Read what people are saying about working here. 

Opportunity

The opportunity is to join our New York team as an analyst, associate, or VP, with a focus on applications of machine learning and artificial intelligence in fixed income/securitized products markets. The role requires an individual with excellent technical and programming skills, preferably with an advanced degree in quantitative field (e.g., physics, computer science, mathematics, engineering).

Our business

J.P. Morgan has the leading Global Rates and Global Spread business in terms of volume traded, issuers traded and quality of investor relationships. The Rates business covers Treasuries, swaps, options and other derivatives, while Spreads covers Credit, SPG, and Public Finance Markets. J.P. Morgan Global Spread and Trading offers first-class, highly integrated financial services to a global client base and provides financial assets and liquidity for banks, insurance companies, finance companies, mutual funds and hedge funds. Traders, salespeople and research analysts work collectively to generate ideas. The Credit business make secondary markets in high grade bonds/CDS, high yield bonds/CDS, distressed bonds, indices, options, correlation products, and more exotic structures. The Securitized Products Group (“SPG”) engages in origination, syndicate, sales & trading, financing, and principal investments activities. Asset classes include: mortgage-backed securities (commercial, residential, agency and non-agency), mortgage loans, consumer asset-backed securities and receivables (auto, credit card, student, equipment loans).

Our team

The Fixed Income Strategy Team seeks to deliver best in class client-facing research across rates, structured products, municipals and short-term fixed income. We support risk takers and other groups across the CIB, CIO, as well as a wide range of external clients including the world’s leading hedge funds, asset managers, insurance companies, pensions, central banks, and others. We also work closely with partners in technology to incorporate the latest computational and data analysis techniques. The opportunity is to join our SPG research group as a junior data scientist/quantitative modeller.

Key responsibilities could include:

Responsible for applying machine learning/artificial intelligence and big data techniques to a variety of problems in securitized products research, including generating trading ideas and signals, improving prepayment/defaults forecasts for internal and external clients, and improving existing empirical techniques used in SPG research.

To begin areas of focus will be agency MBS, help automate various analysis using python, doing ad-hoc prepayment analysis for clients, and doing research of combining different machine learning techniques for prepayment modelling.

Documenting and communicating results for publication.

The individual will need to demonstrate a record of being a team player with potential to partner with teams of diverse functions: technology partners, control groups, strategists/modellers, and trading & sales

The ideal candidate has …

An advanced degree in physics, engineering, math, statistics, computer science or other quantitative fields

Exceptional analytical, quantitative and problem-solving skills

Strong programming skills (preferably with Python), and some C++ knowledge and experience

Quick learner and self-starter, has strong interests to learn new developments in machine learning and artificial intelligence

Excellent written and oral communication and interpersonal skills, and an ability to work in a fast-paced, highly collaborative environment

Experience with and/or a strong interest in financial markets and macroeconomics, and their impacts to consumer behaviours.

Knowledge of fixed income markets, especially in MBS and models, is a plus, but is not a strict requirement.

 At JPMorgan Chase, the work we do matters. All of us are committed to putting our resources and our voices to work every day for our cust...
