B3H is a leader in building winning DoD and corporate teams. B3H provides the full spectrum of strategic planning, program management, acquisitions management, systems engineering & integration, cost analysis, training, systems requirements analysis, and instructional system design for the DoD. B3H delivers quality performance with complete government visibility and control. B3H Corporate headquarters are in Shalimar, Florida. The Project Analyst will support competency development, implementation, and sustainment of the Project Management Development Guide (PDG) and framework; will provide expert advice and support on NAVWAR Competency Development Matrix (CDM), Acquisition Qualification System (AQS) and Project Management/Systems Engineering (PM/SEM) instruction synchronization. Also will provide overarching and direct program Acquisition Management Support and overall coordination of acquisition related efforts (including risk management). Position will be located in San Diego, CA. Postion is contingent on contract award.

Collect, review, and analyze information in order to make recommendations to the Government. Define the nature and extent of problems. Analyze relevant data, which may include annual revenues, employment, or expenditures.
Interview managers and employees while observing their operations. Develop solutions to problems.
In the course of preparing recommendations, understand the nature of the organization, the relationship it has with others in the Government, and its internal organization and culture. Prepare and solve mathematical models. Report findings and recommendations to the Government. Reports are usually submitted in writing, but oral presentations regarding findings also are common. For some projects, management analysts are retained to help implement the suggestions they have made.
Provide daily program, analytical, and acquisition management support to senior level executives. Provide detail-oriented management of records, business research analysis, and valuation strategies.

Bachelor's Degree in a business or technical field
3 years’ experience in engineering/science management, operations research analysis or financial/cost analysis
SECRET Clearance
B3H Corporation is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based on race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
