Job Description
Financial Analyst needed for a contract opportunity with our client in San Diego, CA.

JOB DESCRIPTION
Responsible for producing financial reports and analysis to support Company business and specific departmental needs.
Prepare various financial reports in an accurate and timely manner. Identify and develop new report formats as required by changes in business needs.
Complete analysis/research of financial results including, but not limited to, gross profit, payroll expenses, other direct expenses, and indirect expenses. Analysis to include comparisons to plan and prior year performance.
Communicate findings in an easy to understand manner for non-financial, internal customers at various levels in the organization.
Support the annual budget preparation process working closely with the Operations teams.
Reconcile transactions by comparing and correcting data.
Protect operations by keeping financial information confidential.
Develop methods and/or procedures to enhance efficiency of work performed.
Assist with improving the accuracy of accounting results through report creation and enhancement.
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's degree in Business or related discipline.
3+ years relevant finance experience required.
Strong Excel skills required.
MS Access and SQL experience helpful.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret highly technical journals, financial reports, and legal documents.
Ability to respond to complex inquiries or complaints from customers, regulatory agencies, or members of the business community.
Ability to effectively present information to senior management, public groups, and/or boards of directors.
Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.
Must be able to work independently and meet deadlines.

Company Description
Platinum Resource Group is a professional level consulting firm, providing resources to Fortune 1000 client companies in the areas of technology, human resources, accounting, finance, business systems and supply chain, on a contract and interim basis. PRG has operations in Orange County, San Diego, Los Angeles and San Francisco. As a W-2 employer we offer our consultants direct deposit bi-weekly payroll, health, dental, vision benefits, paid holidays, and referral bonuses.
