The Financial Analyst will report to the Director of Finance & Accounting and will be responsible for supporting the Companys Lending business. The Analyst will be responsible for building and maintaining financial models, producing financial reporting packages, supporting the Accounting close, developing the annual Budget and mid-year Reforecast, producing routine and ad-hoc reports and presentation materials, contributing to cash forecasting and working capital management, and partnering with the Finance team to improve processes and efficiency by leveraging software systems. This role will primarily support the Lending business, but may also be required to assist with other businesses at certain times throughout the year.

Responsibilities:
Prepare monthly / quarterly reporting packages for Lending business and subsidiaries, partnering with budget owners, business leads, and Accounting department to explain variances and develop value-add analysis.
Lead the annual budgeting and semi-annual forecasting process for supported business, working closely with Director of Finance & Accounting and other members of the Finance department.
Build and maintain financial models with high degree of accuracy and flexibility.
Support the preparation of the quarterly and annual Board of Directors packages.
Proactively work to improve Finance department processes by leveraging recently implemented tools (Oracle NetSuite ERP, Solver BI360 CPM, and Power BI data visualization), partnering with Accounting, Business Intelligence, and supported Business Units as required.
Query data and use data efficiently and effectively to conduct analysis, build models, and inform key business owners to drive informed business decisions.
Perform ad-hoc financial analysis and contribute to special projects as assigned.
Education & Other Minimum Requirements:
Bachelors Degree required in Finance, Economics, or Accounting. Advanced degree or CPA/CFA (or working toward) a plus.
3+ years of Finance experience. Consumer Finance, Student Loan Industry or Asset-Backed Securitization experience is a plus.
Advanced user of Microsoft Excel required, VBA a plus. Experience with Information Systems, MS SQL, or SAS preferred.
ERP (e.g. Oracle NetSuite) & CPM (e.g. Solver BI360) experience preferred.
Ability to solve problems and resolve conflicts to achieve a positive outcome. Able to work independently in a team environment without close supervision.
Excellent time management and organizational skills, as well as attentiveness to details and a commitment to follow up. Able to effectively manage several tasks in a fast-paced environment.
Willingness/ability to work late hours when faced with tight deadlines.
The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of Goal Structured Solutions, Inc. to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.

The Job Description is intended to be a general representation of the responsibilities and requirements of the job. However, the description may not be all-inclusive, and responsibilities and requirements are subject to change.

Equal Employment Opportunity

It is the policy of the Company to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and employment applicants without regard to unlawful considerations of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, sensory, physical, or mental disability, marital status, veteran or military status, genetic information, or any other classification protected by applicable local, state, or federal laws. This policy applies to all aspects of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, job assignment, compensation, promotion, benefits, training, discipline, and termination. Reasonable accommodation is available for qualified individuals with disabilities, upon request.

Powered by JazzHR
