Primary Purpose

The Configuration Management Analyst is to provide Configuration Management (CM) services for the program throughout all stages of acquisition, systems engineering, and maintenance processes.

Essential Functions
Plans, organizes, completes, and presents assessments of Configuration Management concepts, analyses, studies, and procedures
Experience and Skills:
Bachelor's degree in any field is desired
A minimum of 5 years professional experience is required, with at least 3 years in CM related activities
Basic Qualifications
Experience in overseeing program execution of configuration management processes
Experience in Analysis and Problem Solving related to configuration/data management issues
Experience with CMPro or other similar configuration or data management tools
Experience working in cross functional teams
Must have knowledge of Department of the Navy CM processes
Proficient in MS Office applications
Institute of Configuration Management training desired
DoD Secret security clearance required
Other

This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities, and activities may change at any time with or without notice.

Benefits
100% company-paid insurance for medical, dental, and vision for eligible employees and family members
100% company-paid insurance for life, short-term (STD) and long-term disability (LTD) for eligible employees
401(K) Plan with discretionary employer matching
10 paid holidays
Paid time off (PTO)
Educational assistance
Work/life balance
Family-oriented culture
Competitive salaries
About G2 Ops, Inc.

G2 Ops, Inc. is a small business with big capabilities in cyber security architectural analysis, model-based systems engineering (MBSE), and strategic consulting in support of both government and commercial clients across the globe. As a trusted and reliable government contractor, we deliver cyber security & systems engineering support for integrated DoD weapons, communications, intelligence, and other mission-critical systems. In the commercial space, we provide business solutions analysis, strategic planning, and training and development services to a variety of public and private sector businesses and organizations. Through innovative solutions, exceptional employees, top-tier analytical capabilities, and a customer-centered focus, G2 Ops has established a reputation for service excellence and innovation.

G2 Ops, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Powered by JazzHR
