Project Analyst, R&D | Requisition #201909-395-28

Position Summary

Genomatica develops commercial biobased processes to make widely-used chemicals that enablebetter, more sustainable everyday products. That enables our partners and leading brands to offer better food packaging, auto parts, clothing, tires, carpets, and more. We’ve commercialized processes for bio-BDO (for plastics) and for biobased butylene glycol (for cosmetics); and our technology drives the world’s first commercial-scale biobased plant for a major intermediate chemical. We’re working on polyamide intermediates (nylon) and on butadiene (tires); and we’re helping numerous companies with their bioprocesses. We have more on the way.

We seek a highly motivated and collaborative Project Analyst to help support our R&D program through operational data analysis, project planning, forecasting, and project performance evaluation. We have many projects happening at once; some small, some large and multi-year. We have lots of talented people, that can be moved in and out of different projects; internal and external equipment, facilities and resources; and external partners. This position analyzes the operational data and develops formulas to align metrics across projects.

Because of the ideal candidate and their systems, project leaders and department leaders are able to quickly make decisions to maximize efficiency and results. This position will help implement the best software tools so the process will not feel burdensome, unproductive overhead to your internal customers. The role listens closely to colleagues' and external customers' concerns and preferences while helping them migrate to better approaches that they will later want to adopt.

Essential Functions and Responsibilities

· Develop and perform data analysis to evaluate R&D project budgets, resources, forecasts and performance.

· Support business line leads, R&D project leaders and department leaders by streamlining the project resource, data analysis and reporting processes.

· Provide forecasts, estimates of resources and timelines based on historical data to project leaders designing new project plans.

· Ensure alignment of forecasts with CFO and Head of People& Culture.

· Serve as the internal data analyst for R&D using tools to quickly answer questions around R&D project metrics, planning and analysis.

Other duties may be assigned.To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Qualifications& Experience

The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required in order satisfactorily perform in this role.

1.Education

a. Bachelor’s degree in science, engineering, math, or related field required.

2.Experience

a. 2-4 years of work experience in industrial biotechnology

b. Prior experience in a data or business analyst role preferred.

3.Knowledge Requirements

a. Proficient with Microsoft word and powerpoint software.

b. Ability to create, build and maintain advanced analyses and data visualizations in Excel.

c. Experience using project management software (for example, Microsoft Project).

4.Competencies

a. Excellent organization, prioritization, time management and planning skills.

b. Excellent written and oral communication skills

c. Team player committed to success and getting the job done well

d. Approachable, solutions-oriented and able to maintain composure

e. Desire to learn new things, positive attitude and enthusiasm

Work Environment/ Physical Demands

The work environment and physical demands described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

This is an office-based role; work in the lab is not required.

Genomatica is committed to providing exciting career opportunities in an environment that values trust, respect, openness, teamwork, creative talent, enthusiasm, and diligence. We are looking for innovative, motivated and uniquely talented people who enjoy the challenges and rewards of a fast-growing company devoted to commercializing cutting-edge technology. Want to see what life is like at Genomatica? Check us out on our newLinkedIn Life page. Genomatica is an equal opportunity employer.
