For nearly 50 years, Family Health Centers of San Diego (FHCSD) has provided affordable, high-quality health care and supportive services to all San Diegans. With more than 1,800 employees spread throughout 40 sites around the county, FHCSD is proud of the diversity of its staff as a reflection of the communities it serves.

The reward of working at FHCSD is more than a paycheck and excellent benefits; it is the impact and contribution to the San Diego community that employees value most. If you are passionate about improving the overall health and livelihood of your community, FHCSD is looking for people like you.

Job Roles
Oversee Telehealth services and programs through overall planning, implementation, coordination, management and evaluation.
Provide management of staff to ensure employees are trained on all facets of Telehealth services and programs.
Build positive relationships, inspire others to perform at a higher level, prepare career development plans and retain an accountable workforce.
Coach and counsel staff and administer appropriate disciplinary action in a timely manner.
Provide/ensure staff receive all new hire and annual trainings on time.
Assist in development, deployment, and ongoing coordination of clinical activities with Clinic Directors in providing guidance on all facets of Telehealth services and programs.
Evaluate scopes and other peripheral devices in collaboration with IT personnel for clinical appropriateness, outlining opportunities and limitations of the technology.
Responsible for evaluation and research in areas of equipment utilization, cost-benefit analysis, clinical efficacy and outcomes.
Analyze data gathered to identify opportunities for improvement that drive utilization and growth of telehealth.
Develop key metrics related to process improvement projects to ensure expected outcomes are being achieved and monitored.
Define and maintain project plans and communication/reporting items associated with multiple components are provided.
Analyze methods and procedures related to Telehealth program specific content.
Through analysis, recommend courses of action to ensure operational efficiency.
Create process improvement metrics, reports and changes to improve the documentation process that would increase positive outcomes leading to operational efficiency and safety.
Assess level of customer service in working with team to ensure telehealth clinic operations are at the highest quality of service.
Act as liaison in providing education related to appropriate applications and opportunities provided by telehealth.
Work across varying FHCSD departments in exploring possible expansion of telehealth opportunities.
Participate in continuous improvement activities and ensure appropriate Lean tools (i.e., 5S, A3) are deployed and results are evaluated and/or measured.
Perform other duties as assigned.
Education/Certifications/Licenses/Registrations
BA/BS in a related field required.
Master's Degree in a related field preferred.
Ability and means to travel as needed in a timely manner within San Diego County, to locations that may have limited access to public transportation; proof of liability and property damage insurance on vehicle used is required. DRIVER REQUIREMENTS: Licensed for a minimum of 3 years; No more than 2 violations and/or accidents within 3 years; No vehicle related suspensions/reinstatements; No DUI, reckless or felony Driving within 7 years.
Experience/Specialized skills (including Language)
3 - 5 years of progressively responsible managerial experience in the health care field.
Demonstrated ability to motivate staff to achieve optimal individual and team performance.
Prior project management experience preferred.
Knowledge of trends and best practices in telehealth to provide recommendations for prioritization and adoption of strategies and projects.
Knowledge of key components, capabilities and processes associated with telehealth systems.
Exceptional understanding of how telecommunication tools can enhance service levels through telehealth systems.
Demonstrated analytical skills in gathering and assessing data to include the ability to present a wide array of data for decision making.
Exceptional critical thinking and problem-solving skills.
Demonstrated ability in working with varying levels of an organization on collaborative efforts in bringing about change.
Exceptional organizational skills, attention to detail, time-management skills, and strong motivation to meet deadlines and achieve goals.
Demonstrated ability to maintain good working relationships with employees, coworkers, and departments.
Exceptional interpersonal and customer service skills to include presentation skills.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $90,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Discount
Flexible Schedule
Flexible Spending Account
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Relocation Assistance
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Business Analysis: 3 years (Required)
Project Management: 3 years (Required)
Work Location:
One location
Company's website:
fhttps://www.fhcsd.org/
Work Remotely:
No
