NMCI Junior Technical Analyst

About the Organization

Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works.

Position Description

Redhorse Corporation is seeking a Junior Navy-Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI) Technical Analyst to provide support to the IT Operations team. The Junior NMCI Analyst is a member of the IT Operations team within Code 82600. The member reports to the NAVWAR CTR. The ideal candidate will perform the following functions:
Support work across the DON (PMW205, SYSCOMs VIPs, Field Services, ACTRs, and end users) to troubleshoot and resolve NMCI technical issues.
Serve as back-up and represent NAVWAR with PMW205, other service vendors, particularly Perspecta, the Technical Expert.
Support troubleshooting/Resolving issues/outages that affect large number of users or the entire Old Campus such as network device failures and server outages.
Support the NMCI Application coordinator role; support the packaging, troubleshooting, submitting, evaluating and tracking of CLIN47s; work with the application requestor, vendor and Code 8.x Portfolio team to get the application submitted\approved in DADMS; associate the application to NMCI network and NAVWAR command, obtain Application Review Board (ARB) team approval, and ensure Perspecta gets the application certified and distributed to the end users.
Troubleshoot/resolve Blackberry\Purebred technical issues; test major mobility upgrades and new mobility solutions for possible issues\concerns and work with PMW205, vendor, and Perspecta.
Troubleshoot/resolve Print Services Management technical issues.
Troubleshoot guest wireless connection and authentication issues for the NAVWAR Guest Wireless Network.
Provide technical support for Navy-wide Tech Refresh.
Support new IT pilot solutions for the NMCI environment.
Perform system administration for approximately six servers.
Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, Experience, and Credentials include:
Minimum of High School diploma.
Current Secret level security clearance is required.
Minimum 4 years of experience in contract support services in information/technical systems acquisition.
Must possess Security+ certification and have knowledge of Assistant Contract Representative (ACTR) or NMCI Junior Technical Analyst duties and responsibilities.
Knowledge of NMCI infrastructure setup and how it affects end-user functions to include, network and server functions.
Technical knowledge and experience in NMCI devices and services.
Ability to resolve NMCI devices issues or know where to go for issue resolution.
Ability to work within a team or individually.
A demonstration of a professional curiosity about IT is desired.
Stays up to date on emerging technology.
Not afraid to ask a lot of questions to get to the right answer.
Active communicator.
Able to track issues to resolution.
Redhorse Corporation shall, in its discretion, modify or adjust the position to meet Redhorses changing needs.

This job description is not a contract and may be adjusted as deemed appropriate in Redhorses sole discretion.

EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
