About Dexcom:

Founded in 1999, Dexcom, Inc. provides continuous glucose monitoring technology to help patients and their clinicians better manage diabetes. Since our inception, we have focused on better outcomes for patients, caregivers, and clinicians by delivering solutions for people with diabetes - while empowering our community to take control of diabetes.

Summary:

This role will lead various IT System projects developed to support the Finance Organization, and it will act as a liaison between business system users in Finance and the information systems technical staff during the implementation and post-production support stages of new Finance Systems. This role will drive a strategic business partner alliance with the Dexcom Finance Systems and the Finance team and be integral to the continued growth and success of the organization by providing strategic system development and analysis to the Finance function of the organization.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Work with the Finance business users, project manager, and IT technical staff to document the program/product vision and the project's scope
Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation
Drives and fosters a strategic systems relationship with the Finance team
Write requirements and functional specifications according to standard templates, using natural language simply, clearly, unambiguously, and concisely
Decompose high level business and user requirements into functional requirements and quality requirements specified at an appropriate level of detail suitable for use by those who must base their work on the requirements
Demonstrate the ability to assemble, analyze, and evaluate data, assess a situation, receive input from stakeholders, and select a course of action that supports the business and project teams
Makes recommendations to management regarding how to improve the system, setup the system intelligently to allow for future growth needs, and improve user experience
Perform validations, researches anomalies, and resolve issues during UAT and post production support of new system implementations
Provides analysis and validation support for process improvement and efficiency projects
Other projects and ad hoc analysis as needed.
Required Qualifications:
Experience in manufacturing companies, with 8+ years total relevant experience in corporate finance, specifically within financial systems.
Preferred Qualifications:
Medical device experience preferred. Experience with large scale ERP systems and international locations preferred.
Education Requirements:
Bachelor’s Degree in accounting, finance or business and a minimum of 8-12 years of related experience. At this level a graduate degree may be desirable with 4 years of related experience
Travel Required:
0 – 24%
Scope:
Works on complex issues where analysis of situations or data requires an in-depth evaluation.
Work is reviewed upon completion for adequacy in meeting objectives.
Networks with key contacts outside own area of expertise.
Judgement:
Exercises judgment in selecting methods, techniques and evaluation criteria for obtaining results.
Exercises considerable latitude in determining objectives and approaches to assignment.
Determines methods and procedures on new assignments and may coordinate activities of other colleagues.
Language Skills: Must be able to communicate effectively in English. Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.

Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be required to perform the following Physical Activity: Standing, walking, sitting, using hands, handle or feel, reach with hands and arms, climb or balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl, talk or hear, taste or smell. May be required to lift 0 lbs. to over 100 lbs.

Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. May be exposed to the following environmental conditions: Wet or humid conditions, work near moving parts, work in high - precarious places, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, outdoor weather conditions, extreme heat (non-weather), extreme cold (non-weather), risk of electric shock, work with explosives, risk of radiation, vibration. The noise level in this work environment can range from quiet to very loud.

Please note: The information contained herein is not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the job, nor are they intended to be an all-inclusive list of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Management may, at its discretion, assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. The duties and responsibilities in this job description may be subject to change at any time due to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.

#LI-EF1

An Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability.

If you are an individual with a disability and would like to request a reasonable accommodation as part of the employment selection process, please contact Talent Acquisition at talentacquisition@dexcom.com.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Dexcom. Only authorized staffing and recruiting agencies may use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes on specific requisitions. Dexcom does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to the Talent Acquisition team, Dexcom employees or any other company location. Dexcom is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.
