Project / Program Control Analyst
San Diego-CA-US

A career with CAES is more than just a job; it is the pathway to a bright future.

Are you searching for a career with a company that offers challenging, diverse projects and opportunities? Are you looking for a position with a company that is growing and able to offer long-term professional advancement? Searching for a company that values a friendly work environment and that values YOU? Consider Cobham. #peoplefocusedmissiondriven #everymissionmatters

We are Cobham Advanced Electronic Solutions (CAES), a technologically advanced electronics company employing more than 3,600 talented makers, thinkers, innovators, and doers nationwide. We build things that solve challenging problems from deep space to the depths of the ocean. We serve customers in defense, aerospace, security, medical, and industrial markets.

SUMMARY:

We have an exciting opportunity for an experienced Project/Program Control Analyst III. This position, is responsible for establishing profit center revenue, cost of sales, gross margin, discretionary spending through profit (loss) and cost center cost, base, and rate budgets. This person must be able to work in a fast-paced, multi-tasking environment, with the capacity to provide ad hoc reporting and analysis.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS and DUTIES:
Work directly with a cross functional team to establish, develop, and analyze cost and schedule baselines, Work Breakdown Structures (WBS), Program/Project Estimates to Complete (ETC) and Estimates at Completion (EAC).
Prepares a variety of actual vs. budget reports for profit and cost center managers including financial and variance analyses and recommendations for corrective action(s).
Provides estimates and/or prices proposals based on direct labor hours and other direct costs.
Works closely with program managers, profit center managers, and cost center managers in planning and budgeting work, tracking actual incurred spending, anticipated to go spending, and expected profit margins.
Updates and maintains projects, work break-down structures, and network activities in the Project Systems module in the company's ERP system.
Reviews labor and procurement requisition charging to network activities and cost centers and works closely with accounting on proper company costing practices and internal controls.
Performs other duties as assigned or required.

Minimum Qualifications:
Bachelor Degree in Business, Accounting, Finance, Economics, or related field.
Minimum of five years' progressive experience as an analyst that includes budgets and schedules for government contracts, government cost control, financial and variance analyses and program coordination.
Requires high proficiency in Excel, as well as good working knowledge of Word, and Power Point.
Experience with SAP or related ERP, and Earned Value Management Systems (EVMS).
Performs work with minimal direction; uses financial modeling analytical and problem solving skills while maintaining data integrity and accuracy;
Exercises independent judgment in developing methods, techniques and evaluation criteria to address new initiatives.

Preferred Qualifications:
Cobra experience or the ability to learn Cobra

Security:
All applicants must be a U.S Citizen or U.S Person as defined by ITAR (a lawful permanent resident or someone who is a protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C.1324b(a)(3)). In order to be eligible for positions requiring a Security Clearance, you must be a US Citizen.

About Us:
Cobham is one of the world's leading companies engaged in the development, delivery and support of leading-edge aerospace and defense systems in the air, on land and at sea. Our clients and partners trust Cobham to deliver the mission-critical technology they need, and we trust our employees to draw on their ingenuity and passion to deliver those solutions. This leads to an empowering culture for our people. Our Leadership team is open, sharing plans for the next five years, driving retention by offering demanding, exciting work, and providing full guidance and mentoring.

Cobham is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and embraces diversity in our employee population. It is the policy of Cobham to provide equal opportunity to all qualified applicants and employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status, or genetic information. Cobham will refrain from discharging, or otherwise discriminating against, employees or applicants who inquire about, discuss, or disclose their compensation or the compensation of other employees or applicants.
