The California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS) is transforming the way pharmacy services are managed and delivered. This fee-for-service program is the largest and most diverse Medicaid Program in the nation, serving over 13 million members. Magellan Medicaid Administration, the pharmacy services administrator at Magellan Rx Management, was awarded the contract and is now hiring A-game talent to take part in this movement. Our mission is to lead humanity to healthy, vibrant lives and we are excited to partner with the State of California and a team of dedicated people who are passionate about shaping the future of pharmacy care.

Works to ensure acceptable service levels, abandonment rates and reporting of call handling related metrics. Responsible for intra-day analysis of call flow, contractual answer times and performance goals based on analytical analysis. Will work closely with the leadership of the call center teams on optimization of Workforce Management Tools.
Manages and provides internal Technical Support on the Workforce Management Tools (Avaya CMS, Avaya QM, Avaya/Verint WFM, Verint Desktop Process Analytics, Avaya Performance Management Tools, Workday) to optimize utilization of resources. Maintain relationships with various vendors (Avaya, Verint, other, etc.).
Monitors the call center activity on a real time basis to ensure service level targets are achieved consistently through optimal utilization of resources.
Forecasts monthly, weekly, daily and interval level call activity based on historical trends and key business drivers to determine staffing needs and employee schedules required to achieve performance metrics
Supports team leaders with the scheduling of employees, productivity tracking, maintaining work schedules, coordination of off-phone activities, and approval of PTO, overtime and flexible time off.
Possesses a level of accountability in the achievement of service performance goals and client specific performance guarantee targets. Manage business continuity planning/testing.
Managed the coordination, production, accuracy and timeliness of ACD agent, team and overall performance reports for both internal and external distribution. Helps coordinate telecommunication changes.
Uses historical call data, interval arrival patterns, average handle times, service level targets, Erlang tables, and other data as necessary to develop forecasts, staffing plans, and schedules that will ensure service level achievement at minimal cost. Able to develop staffing models needed to respond to Request for Proposals (RFP).
#LI-KB1

General Job Information

Title

Sr. Workforce Planning Analyst

Grade

22

Job Family

Customer Service Group

Country

United States of America

FLSA Status

United States of America (Exempt)

Recruiting Start Date

5/20/2020

Date Requisition Created

5/20/2020

Work Experience

Workforce Planning

Education

Associates

License and Certifications - Required

License and Certifications - Preferred

Other Job Requirements

Responsibilities
Experience with Excel spreadsheets, ACD reports, forecasting methodologies and tools.
MS Access Database knowledge and experience with Workforce Management programs.
5+ years' workforce planning experience
Avaya Workforce Management Tools (Avaya WFM, Avaya QM, Avaya CMS, Verint DPA, Avaya Performance Mgt.
Magellan Health Services is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Tobacco-free workplace. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled. Every employee must understand, comply and attest to the security responsibilities and security controls unique to their position.
