Overview


At Texas Capital Bank, we are driven by a single-minded and unwavering mission: to serve business and the individuals who run them. We use a consultative approach and innovative technologies to develop new ideas that give the bank and our clients a competitive advantage. We partner with our customers to push the boundaries of what’s possible—together.Headquartered in Dallas, Texas Capital Bank has offices in Austin, Fort Worth, Houston, Richardson, Plano and San Antonio, and we serve clients in a variety of industries from coast-to-coast.

We are on the Forbes Best Banks in America list, and were named a top place to work by The Dallas Morning News, Houston Chronicle and San Antonio Express-News. For further information, please visit us at www.texascapitalbank.com.

The Funds Management Group is responsible for the ongoing development and execution of Texas Capital Bank’s Liquidity Management framework in alignment with the company’s strategy and risk appetite. In addition, the bank’s Investment Portfolio responsibility resides within this group.

This position supports several core functions of the group including assisting in managing the bank’s daily cash flows and developing analysis of liquidity, interest rate, and price risk. This involves working closely with both a variety of market participants and internal teams to efficiently manage, analyze, and forecast liquidity. Activity related to the Investment Portfolio involves evaluating possible trades, as well as providing support for collateral management, ongoing reporting and risk metrics.

Responsibilities
Collaborate with Funds Management and Finance to enhance liquidity modeling and analysis
Work closely with Treasury & Liquidity on strategies related to bank funding
Assist in managing the bank’s liquidity position, monitoring all wires in/out, trends, and daily communication with up and downstream banks. This involves building relationships throughout the bank to understand cash flows.
Develop and maintain daily, weekly, monthly, and quarterly liquidity reporting. Work with Empyrean model to better integrate liquidity reporting, contingency funding and deposit pricing
Maintain/update policies and procedures for Liquidity, Interest Rate and Price risk
Manage short term bank investments
Qualifications
Bachelor’s Degree required
Strong analytical problem-solving skills, with ability to produce data-driven analysis using various technology tools
Knowledge and expertise with bank Asset Liability Management practices
Strong verbal and written communication skills supporting the ability to interact effectively at all levels of the organization
Demonstrated excellent administrative, interpersonal and forward-thinking organizational skills
Excellent customer service skills for internal/external communications
Cooperative team player on a diverse work team who is professional, confident, and enthusiastic
Demonstrate initiative and be a self-starter
