Our people are foundational to our strategy- they are not 'resources' that we leverage! Our People team (formerly Human Resources) partners with leaders to engage and attract high performing, diverse, entrepreneurial talent. We continuously challenge ourselves to be BOLD in our thinking, design and delivery of people solutions that enable our people to be the best that they can be and drive exceptional ResMed success.
Let's talk about the team and you:
Please note this role is a temporary assignment, (full time hour, and duration expected is 6 months). This position is responsible for front line support and administration of People policies, services and programs in support of the goals, objectives and priorities of the organization. The Senior People Business Analyst will serve as a key link between employees and the People Americas team and must possess a strong sense of urgency, customer focus, drive for results and a commitment to continuous improvement.

Let's talk about Responsibilities:
Provide expert advice, coaching, and counsel to leaders and employees on People programs, policy and procedures, employment/labor laws, conflict resolution, change management, diversity, and organizational development and design to promote a fair and equitable work environment.
Maintain current and complete understanding of Federal and State laws including case law and regulations such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, FLSA, ADA, FMLA, ADEA, NLRA, etc.; protects company's interests by ensuring all legal requirements for equal employment and compliance are met
Act as a consultant and effectively partner with the staffing process to ensure talent needs and diversity considerations are fulfilled
Provide direction and input to business leaders regarding overall People strategies that support the culture, company direction, and the growth needs of the business and employees.
Work collaboratively with the People Specialist groups to ensure the effective development of programs and tools to drive business goals; provides feedback on implementation and utilization of tools to ensure flawless execution; responsible for representing the client's needs and providing client feedback to the Specialist teams. • Ensure that performance assessments are calibrated with department and business results.
Partner with senior business leaders to build capability of managers through training, development and coaching
Performs other related duties as required and assigned.
Let's talk about Qualifications and Experience:
A bachelor's degree and/or 5 plus years of progressive Human Resources experience required
HR Professional certification and PHR/SPHR preferred.
Ability to work well under pressure and flexible in adapting and responding to changing situations.
Ability to work independently, but a strong effective team player; commitment to results; solutions oriented; superior organizational skills and ability to multi-task
Excellent written and verbal communication skills - ability to present, train, influence, and negotiate.
Strong interpersonal and business partnering skills along with project management and program development skills; effective partnering with key stakeholders to achieve success in attracting and retaining the best talent.
High-level of personal integrity and confidentiality
Equivalent combination of experience and/or education may be considered
#LI-TB1

Joining us is more than saying "yes" to making the world a healthier place. It's discovering a career that's challenging, supportive and inspiring. Where a culture driven by excellence helps you not only meet your goals, but also create new ones. We focus on creating a diverse and inclusive culture, encouraging individual expression in the workplace and thrive on the innovative ideas this generates. If this sounds like the workplace for you, apply now!
