What you’ll be doing:

Using Lean framework and guidelines, provides technical leadership in Finance, working closely with business leaders to implement actions to streamline, simplify and improve processes, driving a continuous improvement culture, with systems& tools to drive productivity. Organizes activities for both sustaining and new development efforts to ensure robust and innovative solutions are delivered to the organization. Works closely with IT business analyst counterpart to implement lean initiatives.

Who we are:

Here at Tandem, Diabetes is all we do and we are dedicated to making the lives of people with diabetes better and better, through relentless innovation. “In Tandem” means together, and we strive to embody that in every aspect of our business. We believe that working in tandem, not in isolation, is the best way to continually exceed expectations.

We’ve have been named one of the fastest growing insulin pump companies in the U.S! Why? Designed, assembled and supported from our San Diego, CA headquarters, Tandem has created the simple-to-use t:slim X2 Insulin Pump with Control-IQ Technology, which is the smallest pump available, the only color touch-screen insulin pump capable of remote feature updates, and the first CGM-enabled pump approved to let users make treatment decisions without pricking their finger.

Read more about our company& culture here:https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/life-at-tandem and see what our customers are saying here:#tsliminthewild

What you need for this position:

PRIMARY DUTIES& RESPONSIBILITIES:
Along with key business partners, leads Lean initiatives that focus on identifying and delivering recommendations to drive strategic initiatives, business performance and operational improvements.
Supports continual process improvement activities through Kaizen events and Six Sigma designed to optimize process efficiency, reduce costs and lead-times.
Assists with process mapping, process analysis, requirements assessment, gap/fit analysis and documentation experience to support the development of enterprise wide business process optimization and transformation.
Supports the development of Lean processes, continuous improvement, standard work, problem solving, value stream mapping, training, and employee involvement.
Optimizes finance and accounting processes to enhance product quality, efficiency, and process repeatability.
Identifies opportunities to increase efficiency through customization of the finance and accounting business applications, which include IT systems and other functional business systems.
Translates multiple business needs into actionable improvement items within finance and accounting and other functional business systems.
Works cross functionally with groups across the company on process improvement projects.
Supports Lean education programs and acts as Lean expert throughout the finance and accounting department and the Tandem Organization overall.
Provides training to finance and accounting personnel on procedure, process, and system changes.
Ensures work is performed in compliance with company policies including Privacy/HIPAA and other regulatory, legal, and safety requirements.
REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Knowledge, skills& abilities:
Six Sigma Green Belt certification preferred.
Proficiency with MS Office suite (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) and with MS Teams.
Proficient knowledge of Microsoft AX preferred.
Good analytical and organizational skills with the ability to prioritize workload.
Working knowledge of process development, control, and optimization.
Skilled at clearly conveying in-depth knowledge to all levels within, and outside of, the organization.
Skilled at creating a cooperative team environment.
Able to react to changing situations in a timely, calm, and confident manner.
Able to objectively evaluate situations and make recommendations for changes in light of overall project demands.
Minimum certifications/educational level:
B.S. degree in Computer Science, Industrial Engineering or equivalent combination of education and applicable job experience.
Lean and/or Six Sigma certified preferred
Minimum experience:
5 years’ experience in Lean process improvement
Experience in an GMP/ISO environment.
What’s in it for you?

We’ve got you covered. We offer a robust benefits package to support your health and your family. From medical, dental, and vision, to flexible spending accounts for both health and dependent care– Tandem’s got you covered!

Stay well with us. Enjoy the outdoors during your workday by biking, running, or walking on one of our nearby trails. Or check out our offsite gym, which boasts luxurious amenities including specialty fitness classes and state-of-the-art equipment.

Invest in your career. Tandem offers all employees access to training and development programs and courses to help keep your career and skillset updated, not outdated.

Live your life. Relax with 20 days of paid time off and celebrate 10 paid holidays in your first year. Save for your future with a company-provided 401(k) plan. Look forward to saving money on tickets to the San Diego Zoo, movies, restaurants, and so much more with our exclusive employee discount program.

Celebrate in Tandem. Join in monthly employee get-togethers, tacos for Cinco de Mayo, corned beef for St. Patrick’s Day, costume-contest for Halloween, and the annual JDRF walk.

If you are applying for this job and live in California, please read Tandem’s CCPA Notice:

https://www.tandemdiabetes.com/careers/california-consumer-privacy-act-notice-for-job-applicants
