Tetra Tech’s High Performance
Buildings Group brings together the expertise of talented engineers,
commissioning agents, and energy analysts from around the world. We offer
high-end, sustainable building consulting and MEP engineering services for
blue-chip clients across every building sector. Our services include MEP
design, Net Zero Energy, lighting design, commissioning, vertical
transportation, low voltage, information technologies, security, fire
engineering, sustainability consulting, and acoustics. We are Better
Together—Powered by Innovation.

Glumac, A Tetra Tech Company, is a leader in Sustainable
Design. Our mission is to engineer and commission “green buildings that work.”

We search for genuinely passionate people who thrive in
collaborative environments, care deeply about sustainability and want to bring
new engineering innovations to building projects. If you also embrace
accomplishing this with a diverse team of passionate people, we encourage you
to apply.

We are engineers for a sustainable future!

Job Duties

Consult
building owners and architects on sustainable design and operational
strategies
Represent
Glumac at client meetings and industry events
Perform
site investigations, energy savings calculations, develop cost estimates
and written descriptions of energy conservation measures in support of
design build energy cost savings proposals and technical audits
Provide
planning or analysis for repairs, upgrades or replacements of building
systems to assist each building in becoming more energy efficient.
Provide
energy modeling for new construction and existing buildings
Provide
energy trend data analysis for systems, buildings and campuses
Support
building energy auditing and retro-commissioning services
Qualifications

Degree
in Mechanical Engineering, physics or other quantitative science (EIT, PE
registration preferred but not required)
2-10+
years’ experience with energy consulting, building engineering and/or
building science
Knowledge
of MEP systems and sustainable building design
Energy
modeling experience preferred (IES, EnergyPlus, eQuest, CBECC-com, etc.)
LEED
AP or equivalent certifications preferred
Excellent
written and verbal communication skills as well as interpersonal skills
Excellent
time management skills
Experience
presenting technical/analytical information in a clear and concise manner
Preferred Qualifications

Programing
and data analytics experience (Python, R, SQL, VBA, etc.)
Business
analytics and dashboarding experience (Power BI, Tableau, etc.)
Experience
with predictive data analytics and machine learning algorithms
About Tetra Tech:

Tetra Tech is a leading provider of high-end consulting and engineering services for projects worldwide. We combine the resources of a global, multibillion-dollar company with local, client-focused delivery in more than 400 locations around the world. We are Leading with Science® to provide sustainable and resilient solutions for our clients.

At Tetra Tech, we provide a collaborative environment that supports individual performance, innovation, and creativity. We are proud to offer competitive compensation and benefits. Learn more by visiting http://www.tetratech.com/en/benefits.

For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.glumac.com or www.tetratech.com. To apply, please submit your resume and cover letter on the Careers portion of our website at https://www.glumac.com/careers/#open-positions or www.tetratech.com/careers.

We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Tetra Tech is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite resumes from all interested parties including women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities.

Tetra Tech is a VEVRAA federal contractor and we request priority referral of veterans for available positions.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability - No calls or agencies.

Additional Information



Organization: 150 GTT
