Sales Operations Analyst - Plano, Texas

Imperva is a leading cybersecurity provider delivering best-in-class solutions to protect data and applications wherever they reside on-premises, in the cloud, and across hybrid environments.

Our customers include leading enterprises, government organizations, SMBs, and service providers who rely on Imperva Incapsula to securely deliver their websites and applications at lightning speed.

Why Imperva?
6,200 customers and 500 partners in 100+ countries worldwide
The leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Web Application Firewalls for 5 straight years
The leader in the Forrester Wave for DDoS Mitigation Services, highest scoring for current offering and strategy
Our market is growing, and Imperva is leading the charge. Were actively seeking the right people to help us reach the pinnacle of performance. Are you ready for an exceptional challenge, where what you deliver can really make a difference? If so, lets connect now.
The Opportunity:

This is an exciting time to join the Sales Operations team at Imperva! The primary responsibility of Sales Operations Analyst for key functions within Sales Operations that drive a fast sales productivity ramp and high-quality deals for Imperva. This individual will closely interact with sales, legal, and IT on a daily basis. The ideal candidate will be capable of prioritizing responsibilities and meeting deadlines while working independently.

Responsibilities:
Perform Salesforce.com records management; update records and data impacted by all sales personnel changes
This person will be responsible for onboarding sales employees and advising salespeople on configuration, pricing, and structure of specific sales opportunities under the guidance of a Senior Sales Operations Analyst.
Qualifications:
Three or more years of experience in a Sales Operations role
Experience with Salesforce.com reporting and administration, Microsoft, and Google suites.
Excellent communication skills, partnership capabilities, attention to detail and a devotion to customer success.
Familiarity with MS Excel is a must
Ability to work in a fast-paced professional environment.
Ability to multi-task, shift focus easily, and a strong sense of urgency
Our Company:

Imperva is an analyst-recognized, cybersecurity leaderchampioning the fight to secure data and applications wherever they reside. Once deployed, our solutions proactively identify, evaluate, and eliminate current and emerging threats, so you never have to choose between innovating for your customers and protecting what matters most. ImpervaProtect the pulse of your business. Learn more: www.imperva.com, our blog, on Twitter.

Legal Notice:

Imperva is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, pregnancy, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, protected veteran status, medical condition or disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.

#LI-MM1
