Company:
Qualcomm Technologies, Inc.
Job Area:
Operations Group, Operations Group > Program Analyst
Job Overview:


Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age - and this is where you come in.

Qualcomm is a company of inventors that unlocked 5G ushering in an age of rapid acceleration in connectivity and new possibilities that will transform industries, create jobs, and enrich lives. But this is just the beginning. It takes inventive minds with diverse skills, backgrounds, and cultures to transform 5Gs potential into world-changing technologies and products. This is the Invention Age and this is where you come in.

QCT NPI Operations Team is looking for a Sr or Staff level Program Analyst in San Diego with a drive to self-succeed and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment. This role is a focal point in the organization for the management, coordination, execution and communication of all New Product Introduction (NPI) operations activities across various business units. This person will work cross-functionally with Engineers, Program Management, Business Operations, Product Marketing and other internal organizations as well as with multiple external suppliers to perform a full range of activities in support of New Product Introduction (NPI) all the way through Customer Sampling (CS) for an assigned portfolio of devices. Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Understand the overall product lifecycle as well as the requirements to meet each key milestone.
Generate build plans based on demand gathered from cross-functional engineering and business teams. Drive these build plans with suppliers over the course of the NPI lifecycle to meet demand.
Identify material and hardware requirements and work with suppliers in ensuring BOMs are procured with consideration to lead time.
Communicate build requests to suppliers in a timely and accurate fashion. Track and expedite material & WIP at suppliers as needed to ensure the program deadlines are met.
Create purchase requisitions, track PO approval status, monitor build progress, and communicate status back to the PM's and Chip/Chipset teams.
Monitor critical program milestones, test HW/SW release dates, product revisions, and quality issues, communicate to suppliers as needed and minimize the impact to the overall program schedule.
Lead Operations meetings with Program Management and other engineering & business cross-functional teams to review the status of the program and coordinate seamless planning and execution with key stakeholders.
Identify critical paths and analyze potential changes to the program. Communicate this to the core team along with proposed mitigation and contingency plans.
Troubleshoot supplier issues and help develop alternative schedules, milestones, processes etc. to resolve supply issues.
Work with production teams in ensuring a smooth transition from NPI to production.
Minimum Qualifications
5+ years related experience in Planning/Supply Chain Management
Proficient in Excel and PowerPoint
Prior experience in the semiconductor industry
Preferred Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in a technical field
Demonstrated ability to establish and maintain key collaborative relationships across multiple functional organizations and with suppliers
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Prior experience in Program Management
Applicants: If you are an individual with a disability and need an accommodation during the application/hiring process, please call Qualcomm’s toll-free number found here for assistance. Qualcomm will provide reasonable accommodations, upon request, to support individuals with disabilities to be able participate in the hiring process. Qualcomm is also committed to making our workplace accessible for individuals with disabilities. Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer and supports workforce diversity.

To all Staffing and Recruiting Agencies: Our Careers Site is only for individuals seeking a job at Qualcomm. Staffing and recruiting agencies and individuals being represented by an agency are not authorized to use this site or to submit profiles, applications or resumes, and any such submissions will be considered unsolicited. Qualcomm does not accept unsolicited resumes or applications from agencies. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, Qualcomm employees or any other company location. Qualcomm is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes/applications.

EEO Employer: Qualcomm is an equal opportunity employer; all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or any other protected classification.
