The Data Analyst is responsible for data entry and maintenance for our integrated enterprise system (SAP). As part of the Data Integrity team, this position is responsible for the accurate entry of data into SAP. The Data Integrity team is responsible for the efficient and effective management of part master data. This will require an individual with exceptional attention to detail, intermediate to advanced computer skills, in-depth knowledge of our business, products and processes.

WORK PERFORMED

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Essential Functions of the Job:

Product Data – Responsible for managing product information levels to established standards
Maintain data to meet company standards
Data includes images, technical specifications and other data elements
Ensure automated data feeds successfully populate materials
Manually populate non-automated data as necessary via proprietary system
Identify system enhancements to improve automated processes and quality of information
Perform audits to ensure accuracy of assigned manufacturers or categories
Communicate with providers and manufacturers to ensure complete product data is supplied
Request necessary information
Identify areas of improvement and provide feedback
Review data standards for assigned manufacturers and/or categories
Implement data standard improvements through manual and automated means to meet needs
Provide customer service support for both external and internal customers
Support and validate teammate adherence to master data policies.
Material Maintenance – Responsible for maintaining product catalog to established standards; Performing Price File Maintenance
Review automated data feeds for successful materials creation
Ensure materials are created correctly via download process
Identify and communicate reasons for automated failures to improve process
Manually process download failures
Determine if Sales requests meet Insight Catalog Policy
Review opportunities and determine if it is appropriate business for Insight
Provide guidance to address future opportunities
Ensure materials are not added to the catalog that do not fit Insight strategy
Manually create non-automated materials proactively or reactively according to company policy
Create materials via proprietary systems and/or SAP
Determine appropriate source, costing and categorization
Process internal requests for creation
Discontinue materials that are no longer available and/or based on company policy
Other projects – Responsible for completing additional projects and assignments as required by the department
All other assigned duties
MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS

Education and/or Experience:

Associates degree or above from a college or university; or 3 years industry work experience.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES

Following are the skills, knowledge and abilities necessary to perform this job
Advanced spreadsheet skills
Ability to analyze and troubleshoot information for resolution
Ability to work well in cross-functional teams
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Ability to meet aggressive service-level agreements
Ability to take a complex process or technology and create easy-to-follow copy
Excellent written and verbal communication, with strong editing skills
Knowledge of AP style
Vast knowledge of technical writing and styles associated with it
Collaborating with marketing and IT on search engine relevancy as it relates to parts data’s influence
Proficiency with MS Word, Excel, Outlook and SAP.
Ability to write reports and/or business correspondence.
Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, customers, other employees.
Ability to effectively present information to other departments and manufacturer representatives.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret business documents.
Ability to effectively communicate via email, phone and in person.
Ability to understand processes and identify areas of improvement.
Ability to multi-task and demonstrate strong organizational details.
