Alkami builds and delivers the nation’s most innovative cloud-based digital banking (online and mobile apps) for Credit Unions and Banks with over 6M users on our platform. Through our bold investments in technology and people, our clients confidently grow, adapt quickly and build thriving digital banking communities to compete against the Megabanks. Founded 10 years ago with headquarters in Plano, Alkami is one of the fastest growing software companies in Texas and among the fastest growing privately held technology companies in the U.S. To share just a few of our recent recognitions: Best Place to Work in Fintech; Inc. 500 America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies; Deloitte Technology Fast 500; Tech Titans Top 5; and, SMU Cox Caruth Institute Dallas 100. With every Alkamist having ownership in Alkami, we are obsessively intentional about our culture: optimistic-perseverance, caring-collaboration, transparent-communication, courageous-innovation, trusted-accountability and real-fun. Beyond intentional culture, our commitment is to attract and retain amazing talent by fostering a high-growth, dynamic and rewarding environment; providing great benefits; making meaningful investments in learning and development; offering free lunches every work day; celebrating our successes together in remarkable ways; and, ACTing together by taking time to give back and volunteer.

Position Overview

The Service Management Analyst will be responsible for assisting the Service Manager in developing and maturing the key Service Management functions within the Service Operations organization at Alkami. Responsible for Major Incident Management, Incident Management, Ticket Management, Problem Management, RCA Management& Delivery, Vendor Management, Reporting, and maturing all Service Operations processes in line with Industry best practices. Client focused role, also responsible for key performance metrics and reporting both internally and externally. The successful candidate will be technically sound and comfortable interacting at all levels across organizations, again both internally and externally.

Key Responsibilities& Duties

Taking an active role in major incident management (MIM) ensuring the appropriate Alkami resources are engaged and client stakeholders are kept apprised of status. This will also include managing major incident reviews and tracking follow-up actions. Actively work with the 24x7 NOC team and with performance engineers to actively monitor performance issues in Production and Staging. Maintain a proactive approach to operational and service issues with a focus on prevention rather than break-fix. Assist/run the RCA process by driving incident resolution template (IRT) creation and completion, initial RCA data gathering and creation.

Provide a regular and clear status on the operational performance of all areas of the service to the client and internal parties, including contractually required SLA and issue reporting. Publish recurring Service Reviews and Internal Operational reporting as required by contractual terms or client requests. Maintain strong client and supplier relationships to ensure SLAs and service excellence are managed and maintained.

Must communicate accurately, clearly, and effectively in writing, in person, and on the phone. Mentor and work well with other members of the Service Operations organization.

Qualifications:
Work designated shift Monday - Friday 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (or agreed upon timeframe as some flexibility exists)
Ability to take direction from a strong leader but also self motivate to achieve organizational goals
Ability to understand and meet operational goals and deadlines
Exceptional communication and customer facing skills, ability to communicate at all levels within the organization
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to remain calm under trying circumstances
Ability to effectively manage customers (internal and external) and their expectations
Flexible, ability to adapt to change
High School Diploma, GED, equivalent certification or military experience
Desired Skills:
Experience/familiarity working with the following:
Google Suite including - Google docs, sheets, slides, Gmail
Above average skills in Excel/Google sheets a plus
Understanding Operational and SLA reporting methodologies a plus
Experience using JIRA
Basic understanding of ITIL foundations and Incident Management a plus
Familiarity with various online banking applications are strong plusses
College degree a plus
Understanding of Application Performance Management tools such as New Relic, Datadog, Dynatrace or AppDynamics a plus (but not required)
Cool Things to Know
Not Just Any Company: Alkami has an awesome diverse and inclusive environment. We have a FUN culture and offer great benefits. Did you know every Alkamist has ownership in Alkami? We also have on and off site employee events and activities.
Free Lunch: Who said there is no free lunch? At Alkami, every day we offer free lunch
Relocation: Unfortunately we don't offer relocation assistance. We are ready for you to contribute from our super cool Plano, TX location.
Work Authorization: We cannot offer employer sponsorship at this time; candidates must be eligible to work in the US for full-time employment.
Recruiters: We are not looking for outside recruiting firms to help us in this search— we know who you are and we love you, but we don’t need you right now.
The Important Stuff

Alkami Technology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind:Alkami is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Alkami are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Alkami will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Alkami encourages applicants of all ages.
