Employee Type:

Full time

Location:

TX Carrollton

Job Type:

Finance Planning / Analysis

Job Posting Title:

Analyst

Job Description:

The Analyst will support the needs of the plants and divisions in 3 main areas of analysis for the business (Reporting, Costing, and Asset Management). The Analyst is a finance position with responsibility for providing consistent, baseline reporting along with specialized reporting capabilities to support the Supply Chain operations team. This role will have responsibility for developing analyses that drive business opportunities and reduce risks to the Supply Chain operations. The Analyst Pool teams will focus on supply chain processes to develop expertise in business drivers as well as teams to support baseline reporting needs. The position will report to the Manager, Analyst Pool.

As part of the Supply Chain finance organization, this position is responsible for supporting the financial goals of the plants and division, internal and external financial reporting, and process and improvement analyses. This includes, but not limited to, coordinating the analysis of financial results and data that identifies business opportunities, investments and avoiding risks; driving continuous improvements, maintaining consistent and effective baseline reporting and collaborating with pool colleagues to develop new tools and recommendations for the supply chain business.

Roles & Responsibilities:
Partner with FSS, pool colleagues and the Plant Finance team to manage reporting and requests for analysis.
Coordinate with functions such as procurement, logistics, etc. on data and reporting needs.
Collaborate with the Division team on key analyses such as Product Costing and other financial reporting.
Responsible for delivering analysis and insights into financial drivers for plants and division.
Participate in the reporting and process improvements via the Finance MOS initiative.
Develop analyses to identify financial opportunities and risks.
Support consistent, baseline reporting across the divisions to establish easily comparable financial information across TreeHouse.
Skills, Experience and Education:

Skills, Knowledge and Abilities required:
Develop complex financial analyses and recommendations for business leaders
Develop financial analyses for strategic goals that identify business opportunities and avoid risks
Identify areas of improvement
Good organizational and prioritization skills with the ability to perform multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment meeting deadlines with accurate and detailed results
Ability to learn the business and understand key drivers to develop effective financial reporting and analysis
Excellent communication skills, written and oral, for effective interaction with finance and operations teams
Highly motivated, energetic, hands-on
Education:

Bachelor’s Degree preferred

Master’s Degree: Preferred but not required

Certification/Licensure Required for Job: CPA

Minimum Experience: Two to Six years of finance or accounting.

Travel Requirements: 5-10% for site visits and meetings

Disability Assistance
TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to disability-accommodations@treehousefoods.com. In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying.

EEO Considerations

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
