Location(s)

Birmingham AL, Dallas TX, Phoenix AZ

Details

This position is aligned with an operational area in Claims to monitor performance against key performance indicators. This position will help translate operational performance into a financial impact for a business unit outside of Claims. This position leverages an understanding of relational database structures to compile, analyze and present data.

The Analyst will learn how to tell a story using data that provides an actionable insight. The Analyst will learn about many of the different functional areas inside Claims and the broader organization including Product Management, Actuarial, Finance and Data Science. Analysts will learn how operational processes are optimized and their and financial impact.

Position Responsibilities:
Extract data using SQL or NoSQL to identify an operational or environmental trend impacting the financials.
Connect operational processes to financial results.
Tell a story with data using visualizations created in Excel, Python, R, Tableau, ArcGIS, or other data analysis tools.
Documents code and workflows to facilitate transparency and operational continuity.
Learns Claims Operational Processes and functional areas.
Learns coverage's by line of business.
Communicate results concisely and clearly in writing and verbally.
Uses control points effectively to increase accuracy with fewer iterations.
Uses best practices for organizing work including use of shared server, Git and delivery of analytics.
Begins to handle multiple assignments simultaneously.
Position Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field of Data Science, Economics, Physics, Math, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Engineering - Mechanical or Electrical
0 to 1 year of industry experience (or relevant Financial Services experience)
0 to 1 year of work experience
Proficiency with group and sum queries using R, Python or SAS or experience with Excel including pivot tables, lookups, macros and array processing. Experience with Visual Basic is a plus.
Understands the collection of data and the concepts behind relational databases. Experience with unstructured or big data a plus
Some proficiency with Tableau, Python or R or other programming language
Ability to apply descriptive analytics to analyze data and validate assumptions
Understands variance analysis. Has the ability to apply advanced analytics to describe incremental contributors to total variance.
ZR -GD -IN -PT
