Overview


We’re looking for our next Liberator – a Principal Financial Analyst – to join our quest to provide market-transforming solutions for businesses, care teams and consumers to interactively manage health and care.

At Medecision, each Liberator contributes uniquely to our mission-critical, must-win battles, and the role of our Principal Financial Analyst is no different. You, as the Principal Financial Analyst, will play a key role in financial planning, financial analysis, budgeting and accounting. This entails supporting cost center managers, budget owners and the executive leadership team in developing their budgets and forecasts, as well as helping them identify and explain variances. It also includes interpreting financial results and trends to help inform and alert budget owners and executives as to potential future results. This is a highly visible role as you will serve our executive and operations leadership team members on regular and ad-hoc financial analysis requests. As part of our Financial Planning & Analysis (FP&A) team, you will add significant value to achieve strong financial performance and revenue growth for the company.

Are you ready? We are! Join us in our journey toward liberating American healthcare!

Reports to: Senior Vice-President - Finance

Location(s): Dallas, TX

Expected Travel: 5%

Responsibilities


WHAT YOU’LL DO:
Provide leadership and drive accountability, as part of the FP&A team, for monthly, quarterly and annual financial planning, forecasting, and budgeting processes across various cost centers and budget owners.
Support executive and operating leadership team members with regular and ad-hoc financial analysis requests.
Perform advanced analysis of financial information to make recommendations and identify financial risks, trends or fluctuations that may impact the business.
Present data-driven results to department leadership and internal stakeholders.
Analyze budgeted and forecasted financial statements, including Balance Sheet, Income Statement and Cash Flows.
Help manage, as part of the FP&A team, the preparation of strategic planning and three-year financial projections.
Prepare financial presentations for company meetings, executive leadership meetings and board meetings.
Oversee and drive optimization and automation in financial systems (Vena, Coupa and Great Plains) to meet desired business needs and efficiencies.
Mentor other team members through feedback on key decisions, issue resolution, and responses to challenges.


WHAT YOU’LL BRING:
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Accounting, Business, or related experience is required, Master’s degree in Finance or an MBA is preferred.
Minimum of 6 years of experience in a finance or accounting related position, with a minimum of 2 years managing financial processes.
Proven analytical and problem-solving skills with strong attention to detail and the ability to see the big picture and anticipate future results and trends.
Proven quantitative financial analysis skills with strong financial modeling, dashboards, metrics, graphics and visualization competencies.
Ability to navigate and understand the data integrations between financial systems.
General knowledge of Accounting principles, including GAAP Financial understanding.
Proven experience or ability to prepare accurate financial reports for executives and board members.
Advanced proficiency in the MS Office Suite, specifically Excel (functions, formulas, pivot tables, etc.) and PowerPoint (data visualization and graphical reports) is required.
Exemplary written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization, including the executive leadership team, and other cross-functional stakeholders.
Strong organizational, time management and prioritization skills with the ability to multitask effectively.
Ability to work independently and self-direct daily tasks, while contributing positively to a collaborative team environment.
Passion to self-learn and keep up-to-date on the latest accounting practices and financial planning concepts.
Qualifications


COMPETENCIES YOU’LL HAVE:
Customer Focus
Financial Acumen
Detail Oriented
Action Oriented
Manages Complexity
Manages Ambiguity
Decision Quality
Communicates Effectively
Organizational Savvy
This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by an employee within this position. The actual duties, responsibilities and qualifications may vary based on assignment. Medecision is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE) and strongly supports diversity in the workplace.
