Current Need:

Company: McKesson Corporation

Position Title: SAP Business Analyst 3

Location: 6555 North State Hwy 161, Irving, TX 75039

Job Duties:

Assist with breaking down business features into user stories and tasks to deliver solutions. Pivot into multiple areas like P2P as well as outside of core P2P, including new technologies in and outside of SAP. Configure, develop, and test solutions that support Material Management, Forecasting & Replenishment, Trade and non-Trade procurement (SAP-SRM and/or Ariba), returns and reconciliation processes. Design of solutions supporting business processes within the SAP application space. Enable configurations to implement new businesses or functionality into SAP and to provide ongoing support of existing systems and processes. Prepare functional specifications. Create or modify programs and development objects. Identify technology and application development opportunities to improve existing processes. Review and analyze business functional and technical needs.

Qualifications:

A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a closely related field of study and seven (7) years of experience in the job offered or related occupation. Experience must include seven (7) years with: SAP cross-module integration in MM, SD, and FI, including requirements gathering, configure/prototype solution alternatives, providing high-level and low-level estimations and specifications, implementing solutions, Data migration, Go-Live and post Go-Live support); SAP cross-module integration with SRM and full-life cycle SAP projects (including requirements gathering, configure/prototype solution alternatives, providing high-level and low-level estimations and specifications, implementing solutions, Data migration, Go-Live and post Go-Live support); Leverage SAP and other configuration best practices to enable configurations that will enable Business teams to quickly and efficiently implement new businesses or functionality into SAP and to provide ongoing support of existing systems and processes; Development and enhancement of SAP-ABAP for Reports (Interactive, ALV using classical and Object Oriented Programming), Dialog Programming, BTEs, Conversion Routines, SAP Script, Smart Forms, BDC, LSMW, FTPs, ABAP WebDynpro objects for SAP PORTAL including ESS travel and expense, interfaces like ALE, IDOCs, BAPIs and RFC interfaces, User-Exits, BAdIs, Implicit/Explicit Enhancements, Workflows, multiple SAP Job Scheduling, applying SAP OSS notes, BW extractors – Custom and standard extractors etc; Work on various projects including SAP implementations, SAP Upgrades, SAP Roll-outs, Data migrations etc. in the capacities of technical and functional analyst; Databases SAP-HANA, and Oracle 10g & 11g; and Agile methodology of Development. Applicants must have 3 years of experience with: SAP cross-module integration in Vistex application, including requirements gathering, configure/prototype solution alternatives, providing high-level and low-level estimations and specifications, implementing solutions, Data migration, Go-Live and post Go-Live support).

Education:

A Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a closely related field of study and seven (7) years of experience in the job offered or related occupation.

Contact:

To apply, must mail resume and cover letter to McKesson Corporation, Attn: Cynthia Hurst, 1110 Sanctuary Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30009. Must reference job title: SAP Business Analyst 3
