*Please note -we ask all candidates to create an account in order to apply for a position with us. Please click \"Apply\" then \"Create Account\" to create a new account, or sign in if you are a returning applicant.


A Financial Risk Analyst is responsible for analyzing the financial risk within the organization. The Financial Risk Analyst facilitates and helps manage risk assessments and identifies opportunities for business process and control improvement. This role will assist in contract review, insurance risk management, IRS auto allowance compliance, fuel hedging, energy management and additional legal compliance. This role is part of the Finance team.

WORK TASKS

A Financial Risk Analyst can be expected to perform the following tasks in this role as a routine part of their job:
Coordinates and oversees all insurance claims process management activities including coverage evaluation, contract review and claim analysis.
Oversees and manages insurance broker relationships and business activities.
Monitors costs and produces financial reports as needed.
Coordinates with Accounting on recording and collection efforts for claims
Helps to manage and communicate open lawsuits.
Helps to manage and administer an IRS Compliant Auto Reimbursement program.
Conducts annual benchmarking to assure competitiveness.
Manages the vendor relationship.
Assures team member accuracy within the system.
Assists with program education for team members to ensure understanding and proper use.
Reviews third-party contracts and provides direction to company leaders and teams as needed in support of company strategic initiatives and programs.
Manages energy contracts, reports on monthly energy consumption/solar production, reviews and reports on energy consumption issues, suggests energy conservation methods for the organization and forecasts future energy consumption needs.
Conducts risk assessments affecting the business and creates strategies to manage various company initiatives and programs.
Helps conduct financial analysis of any risk reduction programs.
This list is not all inclusive of other tasks and subtasks that may be necessary in performing this role, but rather an overview of the role’s primary work tasks.

CAPABILITIES

A Financial Risk Analyst has a greater opportunity to succeed if they can develop and master the following job related capabilities and KSAs.

KNOWLEDGE
Analysis and Reasoning Principles
Andrews Portfolio, DISC and EMCO
Andrews Business, Structure and Workflow
Beer and Distribution Industry
Beverage Retail Business
Business Acumen
Business Analysis
Business Knowledge of the Beverage Retailing and Distribution Business
Company Vehicle and Equipment Programs
Financial Acumen
Financial Modeling Techniques
Safety Policies and Programs
TABC Guidelines
SKILLS & ABILITIES
Ability to Build Trust
Ability to Collaborate and Influence At All Organizational Levels
Ability to Draw Insights from Data
Ability to Interpret and Applying Business/Financial Data
Ability to Set Goals and Objectives
Ability to Solve Problems and Develop Potential Solutions
Analytical Thinking and Problem Solving Skills
Attention to Detail
Communication and Interpersonal Skills
Data Retrieval, Querying and Complex Reporting Skills
Financial Analysis Skills
Gathering, Interpreting and Applying Business/Financial Data
Project Management Skills
Risk Management Skills
Technical Aptitude/Computer/iPad Skills
QUALIFICATIONS

A qualified candidate for the Financial Risk Analyst role should satisfy the expectations below:

REQUIRED
Bachelor’s Degree; Finance, Accounting or Other Related Field
Two to Four Years Previous Financial/Risk Management, Legal or Analysis Experience
Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
Strong Communication and Relationship Building Skills
PREFERRED
Prior Project Management Experience
Advanced Technical Expertise; MS Office, Advanced MS Excel Functions and Experience with Pivot Tables, MS Power BI Report Development, Financial Systems/Applications, Database Querying
Prior Legal Experience
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS & ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS
Ability to maintain a sustained posture in a seated position for prolonged periods of time and operate computer equipment.
Ability to bend, stoop, and twist is required for filing and general office duties.
Exerts up to 10 lbs of force occasionally and/or negligible amount frequently to move office-related items or materials.
Ability to use a personal computer for tasks such as communicating via email and preparing reports and other forms of documentation using company and industry software.
Ability to speak, hear, and see is required to communicate with employees, and to operate computers and office machinery.
Hand-eye coordination and fine manipulation skills are necessary to operate computers and various office equipment.
Continual hand/wrist motion is required to operate computers and office machinery.
Ability to perform job functions in compliance with company policies and procedures, including safety policies and best practices.
Must maintain regular and punctual attendance.
Potential candidates are required to successfully complete a medical evaluation including a physical evaluation designed to test ability to perform basic physical job requirements.
