Financial Analyst
Location


Dallas, TX

Job Code

4412

Apply Now

Who We Are:


Cardinal Financial is a nationwide direct mortgage lender whose mission is to prove that homeownership is possible for everyone. By bringing an open-minded approach to an often closed-minded industry, we're able to embrace every unique financial situation differently in order to craft the best possible loans for our borrowers. We pride ourselves on providing excellent service backed by our groundbreaking technology, and these two components of our process come together to complete a simple, personalized mortgage experience. But it all starts with our people.

We believe that no matter where you fit in our organization—Sales, Human Resources, Information Technology, or even re-stocking the break rooms with endless coffee supplies—everyone can influence the experience that we provide to our customers and our partners. We tell our customers and our partners that anything can be reimagined. So why not your career? Looking to join a company that values its people, innovates and expands on its proprietary technology, and is growing at a ridiculous rate?! Apply below!

Who We Need:


We are currently looking for an energetic, hardworking, and knowledgeable team member for the position of Financial Analyst. Within this role, you will be an integral part of the financial planning team in providing financial analysis and performing monthly financial forecasting & planning activities. You will work with your team in a very dynamic environment to conduct detailed financial analysis and produce accurate and meaningful reports. Currently Cardinal Financial is pursuing aggressive growth in the Retail Division. This role will be instrumental in supporting the financial analysis related to growth initiatives and will have a high degree of interaction with Executive Management.

What You Will Do:
Assist in Company forecasting and maintenance of the financial model
Update financial models to ensure accuracy
Create Management reporting for daily and monthly key performance indicators
Prepare monthly financial and operational forecasts including variance analyses
Interpret financial performance results and translate them into operational improvements.
Proactively identify and take a leadership role in driving productivity and profit improvement opportunities for the company.
Ad hoc reporting and analysis
While this position does not have specific general ledger responsibilities, it does have a responsibility to monitor financial results and estimates during closing and identify issues and to assist corporate accounting team resources.
Other duties as assigned.
What You Need:


BS/BA in Accounting or Finance required with an MBA or CPA preferred
3-5 years experience with financial planning and forecasting required
Advanced proficiency in Excel is required - a short assessment will be given in the interview process
Experience with complex financial models
Proactive problem solver, expected to present problems and recommendations simultaneously
Excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate the results and implications of the analytic efforts
Ability to work comfortably with incomplete information and deal with ambiguity in a fast-paced environment
Ability to thoroughly question the information provided by others in a non-adversarial manner.
Detail oriented with insight to determine applicability of big picture analysis
What We Offer:


Strength, Stability, and Vision.
An empowered culture where your ideas are important and your voice matters.
Opportunity for career growth.
Competitive compensation package.
Benefits that become effective the first day of the month following your start date including - Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and much more…
401K w/ 50% match up to a maximum employee contribution of 5%- Effective the 1st of the month following 30-days of employment.
