The worlds largest artisanal Italian food and beverage marketplace is coming to Texas! Eataly Dallas will open in 2020 in NorthPark Center. Eataly was founded in Italy in 2007 and has since expanded to more than 39 locations (and counting!) across the globe.

Eataly is a place where you can EAT, SHOP and LEARN about high-quality, authentic Italian cuisine. Each Eataly location contains an array of restaurants, cafés, to-go eateries, fresh counters (think Italian cheese and meat, and fresh pasta made in front of you!), a grocery market with more than 10,000 products, and a cooking school.

Eataly is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Eat Better, Live Better!

JOB OVERVIEW

At Eataly, the in-store Business Planning Analyst (BPA) is fully integrated into operations, working closely with the Director of Store Operations and Department Heads to oversee and forecast all lines of the stores P&L. The BPA provides hands-on support and recommendations to promote profitability and efficiency across every area of the store including but not limited to: Sales Analysis, Inventory Management, optimization of Cost of Goods Sold (COGS) and Labor. The BPA serves as an important link between the store and the corporate office.

Reports to the Director of Store Operations.
Supports the stores senior managers and department heads with in-depth analysis related to costs, labor, margins and performance
Dialogues constantly with team members and spends time on the floor to always be in touch with operational and business needs
Partners with Accounting and Business Intelligence to generate accurate financial and business reports
Improves performance by evaluating processes and proposing resourceful and thorough approaches to improve bottom line results in all areas of business retail, restaurants, quick service
Consistently forecasts weekly and quarterly sales, labor and costs to optimize decision-making routines
Performs other duties as required or assigned
QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor's Degree
1+ year of experience in an accounting, finance or operations role
Team player with a strong ability to create and maintain relationships across the organization
Advanced Microsoft Excel skills
Exceptional communication skills and effective presentation skills
Understanding of business principles applied to consumer retail or restaurants
Resourceful and able to work independently
Passion for and interest in food
BENEFITS AND PERKS
Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance
Paid Parental Leave
Paid Time Off
401K with company match
Commuter Benefits
Discounts at Eataly
#LI-KE1
