Hi ,

There is a job opening for a Business Analyst in Irving, TX. Please find the job description below .

Â

Title: Sr. Business Analyst

Duration: 6 to 12 months contract

Location: Irving, TX

What you'll be doing...

As a Business Analyst/ Project Manager you will assess the requirements for the Sales and Services Applications portfolio to understand system impacts, use Agile approach to manage projects of various sizes through the full software development life cycle, inception through implementation. Using your top-notch facilitation skills, you'll work with a variety of stakeholders (clients, legal, security, and IT), designing solutions, managing expectations, mitigating risks, and delivering results.

<u>
Collecting client requirements and performing analysis for medium - large size projects.
Responsible for analyzing problems, developing solutions and making decisions that impact projects.
Performing some technical evaluation of products.
Developing and maintaining project plans.
Managing execution, highlighting risks and dependencies, and resolving conflicts.
Keeping project scope in check.
Ensuring that the solutions as implemented meet expectations.
</ul>

<b>
You'll need to have:
Bachelor's degree or four or more years of work experience.
Four or more years of relevant work experience.
Even better if you have:
A degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or relevant discipline.
Experience running mid- to large-scale projects.
Salesforce or PEGA certification.
Experience as a Business / Systems Analyst in a large applications team.
Experience with applications written in Java / J2EE, SDLC, Web Service, and XML technologies with most of the emphasis on front end development.
Experience to Agile Software Methodologies.
PC literacy, including desktop applications competency (e.g., Microsoft Office, e-mail).
Strong business knowledge and interpersonal skills.
Knowledge of information systems concepts.
Knowledge of applicable methodologies, tools, standards, and procedures.
Strong decision-making and leadership abilities.
Strong organizational and problem solving abilities.
Â

Thanks & Regards

Sarah

TekLeaders Inc

4975 Preston Park Blvd, Suite 500 Plano, TX 75093

Phone: 469.860.0777 (153)

Email: Sarah@tekleaders.com Â

www.tekleaders.com

Â
