JOB SUMMARY:

Mortgage originations experience preferred.
The Business Analyst serves as the liaison between the business unit and the information systems team they represent. Provides leadership in defining business systems requirements, and coordinates/leads large or complicated business systems projects and/or tasks, as required. Performs advanced planning of automation needs necessary to define business system project objectives and prepares project plan. Manages projects to assure objectives are met within the time frame specified.
ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:
Conducts user interviews to collect business and functional requirements.
Analyzes business and user needs, and translates them into proper system requirement specifications.
Documents business, functional and system requirements in a clear and concise manner that will provide clear definition of application functionality.
Formulates and defines system scope and objectives based on: user needs, how the request impacts other systems and business processes, industry requirements, business goals, objectives and risk factors the organization is facing (current and projected).
Works with other system business analysts to understand and manage project dependencies.
Writes and executes thorough test plans.
Keeps teammates informed of changes by issuing Change Management Notifications.
Actively participates in providing end user training.
Documents test user scripts to ensure requirements effectively developed and signed off prior to deployment.
EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:

•Graduation from a 4-year college or university with major course work in a discipline related to the requirements of the position is preferred. Will consider the equivalent combination of job experience & education that demonstrates the ability to perform the essential functions of this job.
•Understanding of Mortgage Servicing systems and terminology a must - experience with LSAMS, Fortracs, IVR, LPS Desktop, Equator, Lewtan preferred Working knowledge of MS SQL and SQL Reporting Services. Experience with gathering requirements for reports associated with Investor and Loan Portfolio reporting Excellent verbal and written communication skills Excellent planning and task-tracking skills Excellent analysis and assessment of business needs and cross-system impacts Proficient in using Microsoft Office Suite, including MS Project and Visio Proficient in MS/SQL data analysis and programming interpretation Excellent team-play skills, able to work in fast-paced environment on multiple projects/jobs concurrently.
•Minimum of 3 years Business Analysis experience Minimum of 2 years experience with, and comprehensive understanding of, Mortgage Servicing processes and associated Mortgage Lines of Business
PHYSICAL CONDITIONS/WORKING ENVIRONMENT:

The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Individuals may need to sit or stand as needed; may require walking, primarily on a level surface, throughout the day; reaching above shoulder heights, below the waist or lifting as required to file documents or store materials; proper lifting techniques required; may include lifting up to 25 pounds for files or paper.

Note any additional physical requirements for the job (e.g. heavy lifting requirements).
