Job Title: Technical Business Analyst
Location: 100% REMOTE
Type: 6-12 Month + Contract (no sponsorship or third parties)
Rate: MARKET
Start Date: ASAP!

Please Note: Salary/Rate and Client will not be disclosed via email!
Technical BA (1-2 Openings)
Technical BA's - do not want to see functional BA's
Will be documenting technical requirements, experience working with developers, working on business process flow
Must be self sufficient
Must Have:
Visio
Lucidchart
Agile background
Experience documenting code technology
" Detail-oriented individual with the ability to quickly assimilate and apply new concepts, business models, and technologies

If qualified and interested, please send your most current resume as a word document to Jason Weinstein at jason.weinstein@mondo.com

JD:
Job Title: Technical Business Analyst

I. Job Summary

Independently and consistently performs analysis to map business requirements and solutions to system/technical design by acting as the primary liaison between the Technology and the Business team. Conducts technically advanced and in-depth level business process analysis, needs assessments and preliminary cost/benefit analysis, in addition to project timelines and program road mapping in an effort to align Technology solutions with business initiatives.

II. Duties and Responsibilities include the following. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each duty satisfactorily. Other ancillary duties may be assigned.
" Work with stakeholders and technical team members to map, analyze and document business processes and projects.
" Perform research and analysis to determine business requirements and then translate such into technical specifications (for custom development, system integration, etc.).
" Primary liaison between technical team and business owners; demonstrating advanced communication skills between all levels of the organization.
" Contributes expertise in particular business processes and is responsible for formulating systems/process scope and objectives relative to the organization's business plan and user requirements, process flow definitions, business process mapping and functional specifications.
" Partner with all levels of Digital team including architects and developers on architecture, design and developing logical and physical data models.
" Document technical and functional requirements and formulate test plans with QA and other partner groups prior to requesting business user testing.
" Work with QA to validate releases match the requirements set for it. Attend monthly releases and perform SIT testing.
" Lead project team for gaining business user acceptance.
" Facilitate design sessions with the development teams across the organization to define the and document the technical solution.
" Deliver elements of systems design, including data migration rules, business rules, wireframes, or other detailed deliverables.

III. Supervisory Responsibilities
Will coach and mentor less-experienced analysts and act as team leader on more complicated system projects.

IV. Qualifications
The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job.

A. Education and Experience
Required: Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, MIS, Business Administration or similar area of study. Four years of related experience may substitute for the Bachelor's degree. Five to Eight years' experience as a Technical Business Analyst. Four or more years working as a Manager/Project Manager may substitute for the minimum years of experience.
Preferred: Bachelor's Degree and Computer Science, MIS, or Business Administration and minimum eight years' experience as a Technical Business Analyst and at least 2 years project management experience.

B. Certificates, Licenses, Registrations or Other Requirements
PMP or CBAP preferred

C. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities Required
Technically advanced knowledge or in-depth skills in one or more of the following is required:
" Business analysis methodologies, data model, system design, detailed functional/technical design and related data analytics
" Analysis and consultation on enterprise architecture
" Excellent documentational skill
" Advanced Tactical and Strategic Planning including roadmap development
" Good working knowledge of Business Intelligence concepts (e.g. reporting, querying software, spreadsheets, dashboards, and data mining)
" Experience with Cloud Solutions (preferred AWS), Web-based/Microservices/API/Serverless architectures, databases (RDBMS and/or No-SQL)
" Experience in SLA driven service offerings and estimation
" Excel, PowerPoint, BI/Reporting tools, Jira, MS Visio
" Basic competence in some programming language like Python, VB, C#, Java, etc.
" Good project management, project planning, basic modeling, analytical and problem-solving skills.
" Familiar with waterfall and agile concepts

D. Other Knowledge, Skills or Abilities that Contribute to Success
" Excellent communication skills, both written and oral including prioritizing, problem solving and interpersonal relationship building
" Proven time management cum organization skills (must be able to prioritize workload and meet deadlines).
" Ability to learn quickly and think creatively
" Team player with strong interpersonal skills and ability to take a leadership role when necessary
