Job Description:

Skills:
Experience in defining requirements, creating functional design specifications, and creating test scripts.
Must have Mortgage Default and Loss Mitigation experience.
Design and develop metrics, reports, and analyses to drive key business decisions.
They provide a link between raw data extract and the business, so data extraction, analysis, and transformation are key job responsibilities.
Reporting analysts receive requests from all members of the business unit so they must have strong task prioritization skills in addition to good statistical and critical thinking skills.
Principal Duties and Essential Functions:
Provide technical configuration knowledge to support the implementation of system components/subsystems.
Understand business processes, system functionality, industry requirements and best practices applicable for the mortgage servicing departments being supported.
Develop and modify the configuration in the software to implement changes/enhancements to the system, providing input to design when applicable.
Plans, designs, and recommends business processes to improve and support business activities.
Support functional/regression testing activities in support of system functionality releases, patches, and upgrades.
Develop and execute scripts and automate processes where possible to improve efficiencies and accuracy of the software build, integration, release, and deployment processes.
Analyzes and documents client's business requirements and processes.
Facilitates meetings with clients to gather and document requirements and explore potential configuration solutions.
Assists in coordinating business analyst tasks on information technology projects and provide support to other team members.
Participates in technical reviews and inspections to verify 'intent of change' is carried out through the entire project.
Assists in providing time estimates for project-related tasks.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Bachelor's degree in business administration, information systems, or related field preferred.
Five or more years of business analysis and system configuration experience.
Experience working with the interface of information technology with functional groups within an organization.
Experience working with business processes and re-engineering.
Experience working with computer programming concepts and basic language.
Other Qualifications:
Interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team members.
Good communication skills.
Good analytical and problem-solving skills.
Presentation skills to present to management and customers.
Personal computer and business solutions software skills.
Good ability to work in a team environment with multiple team members.
Willingness to travel.
