Established, Entrepreneurial, Empowered…Explore the Opportunities!

IT Business Analyst

Thank you for exploring a career with NCH Corporation, an international company where we work in small teams that have a direct impact on success. We’re looking for an IT Business Analyst to join our Enterprise Applications Services (EAS) project team. The EAS team is responsible for developing and delivering sales and mobility applications for a global direct sales force. Applications include custom developed .NET web, Salesforce Force.com applications, mobile enabled applications integrated with NCH’s Oracle eBusiness Suite (R11 & R12), as well as stand-alone or integrated commercial off the shelf solutions. This position also provides on-going support for continuous improvement of existing business applications. If you’re seeking wide-range, in-depth experience in a personable, stable yet thriving environment, our IT Business Analyst could be a match for you!

A little about us

Applying for a new job is a little like entering uncharted territory. We want you to feel 100% confident about the application process, the position and our company before committing your time to apply, so that none of the above comes as a surprise. Let’s start with some information about NCH so you can get to know us better.

NCH Corporation is a privately held, family-owned, global business headquartered Irving, Texas, near Dallas. We have more than 7,500 employees, offices and facilities on six continents, and clients in more than 50 countries. This includes our corporate headquarters as well as subsidiary companies. We clean and conserve water, save energy, and deliver best-in-class maintenance solutions, with a focus on industrial and commercial businesses.
About NCH and our history
Our products and solutions
NCH brands and divisions
Culture and benefits

We’re a global company with a family feel, offering the same benefits of an international corporation with the personal relationships of a small business. Working in our small teams and close-knit environment, you’d never guess we had a 7,500+ employee head count. We realize a job is more than just a job – it’s an extension of your life and family – and we’re committed to maintaining just that. For us, culture is not just a perk; it’s essential to how we thrive. And that’s speaking for 100 years in the business!
Employee-centric environment (regular corporate activities, personal relationships, small teams)
Family-first attitude (work-life balance support, flexible hours)
Approachable leadership (collaboration with top leaders, open-door policy)
Growth-oriented mindset (autonomy, creative freedom to explore new ideas)
Paid vacation and holiday leave
Wellness initiatives (on-site fitness facility and cafeteria, walking trail)
Community involvement (volunteering, fundraisers, charity events, school sponsorships and donations)
Employee recognition programs (appreciation week, awards and ceremonies)
Personal and professional development and growth
Tuition reimbursement
Financial wellness (retirement options, 401(k) match, employee credit union)
Benefits package (medical, dental, vision, life, long and short-term disability)
If this sounds like a fit for you so far, keep reading.

A little about you

You have a Bachelor’s degree and 3+ years of experience working with Customer Relationship Management (CRM) or ERP Business Applications, system in a functional capacity. A big plus would be experience with Salesforce Force.com, Sales Cloud, or Service Cloud, or Oracle eBusiness Suite. Additionally, you have superior knowledge of Microsoft Office suite, including Word, PowerPoint, and Excel.

You are a confident communicator. You work well with others and can confidently communicate, whether in-person, on the phone or via email, with a variety of people, including those you have never met and in large groups.

You have great attention to detail. You would consider yourself an exceptional multi-tasker and never let a to-do item slip past you. Even when you have multiple projects to manage at any given time, you can execute accurately with little to no error.

You have a consultative personality. You have no problem quickly building rapport and credibility with your business partners. People see you as an analytical, problem-solver and an influential personality, capable of handling complex issues and delivering appropriate solutions.

You are an innovative problem solver. You look at the way things are done and always ask yourself if there is a better way to do it. You bring innovative ideas to the table to improve process efficiency. When tasked with a problem, finding the solution excites you.

You give great customer service. You respect individual’s questions and inquiries and treat all customers the same. You manage expectations well and are always happy to help. There is no dumb question to you. You also work in a timely fashion so customers can get back to it.

Day-to-Day Work Examples

We support growth, opportunity and variety, which means your day-to-day has the potential to adapt with you and your passions. If you’re not challenged and growing, neither are we. For starters, though, here are some day-to-day examples of what you will be doing:
Work as a part of an implementation team to rollout out software to business groups, using both agile and waterfall methodologies
Identify business needs, requirements, constraints and business problems of current and future systems along with the stakeholders
Hands on participation in system design, system configurations and testing of various software systems
Perform extensive system, integration, and user acceptance testing
Responsible for project documentation including requirements, design specifications, user stories, test cases & scenarios, etc.
Coordinate project events such as status meetings, training sessions, testing sessions, and IT communication sessions, including documentation and communication pertaining to above events
Provide post-production support to various business groups
May perform report development using various non-technical reporting tools
May participate in development of training material and conducting end user training sessions
Perform various other project tasks as assigned
Sound like a fit for you?

If yes, jump aboard, and apply today.

For next steps, expect a direct phone or email response once we are able to review your application. We are committed to responding to all applicants, no matter the outcome, so we appreciate your patience to allow time for this. In the meantime, learn more about NCH and our culture by checking out our LinkedIn or Facebook pages.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
