When you click 'Apply', you will need to click on 'Create Account'. By creating an account, you will be able to view your applications and their statuses. Your password must contain 8 characters, 1 upper case letter, 1 number and 1 special character. Please make sure your name is formatted correctly and not in all uppercase.
Check It Out!


Ready to be a Cooper too? This might just be right up your alley!

We’re here to keep the dream of home ownership alive. Oh, and while we’re at it, we’re determined to change the lending industry itself. It’s simple, but it won’t be easy. And we’ll need a great team behind us. (That’s where you come in.) We want to show the world that transparency, candor and collaboration aren’t just good values. They’re good business. Working here isn’t for people who want to punch a clock. It’s for people who want to punch a hole in the status quo. Come join us. And make a difference instead of just a living.

Essential Job Functions
Identify and conduct discovery meetings as needed to uncover all details needed to document and develop the required business reports and productivity tools.
Develop, test, and deploy required business reports and productivity tools in a timely manner
Suggests observed solutions to make the reporting process more efficient via automated data gathering where possible utilizing all technology options available
Must be able to lead internal projects
Understand the structures, usage and sources of business data as well as the context in which it is utilized throughout the business, and be able to design and build these structures
Able to develop formal business processes
Analysis and assessment of business needs and cross-system impacts by offering full systems integration solutions
Ability to data mine and provide management level reporting and analysis in order to make strategic management decisions
Liaison between Loan Administration Account Services and IT
Education/Experience Requirements

What level of education or specialized training is required to perform the job?
Graduation from a 4-year college or university. Will consider the equivalent combination of job experience that demonstrates the ability to perform the essential functions of this job.
List any special certifications, licenses, and/or knowledge requirements for this job:
Advanced Knowledge with various software applications, such as Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, Integration Services and Reporting Services, and Microsoft Access
Advanced skills in Microsoft SQL data analysis and programming
Experience in Database development, mandatory
Some proficiency in one or more of the following programming languages: VBA / VB / C# desired
Process engineering and documentation experience
Advanced Data Mining and reporting analytics skills
How many years of directly related job experience are required to be qualified to enter the job?
3 to 5 years related analyst experience using Microsoft Access, database systems, and SQL
3 to 5 years related experience in finance or mortgage related field
Mr. Cooper is committed to nurturing a diverse and inclusive environment where every employee is empowered to be their authentic self. We know that a large part of our success as a business is directly tied to our ongoing efforts to attract and retain diverse talent and maintain an inclusive environment where each employee can thrive. Embracing and leveraging diversity through an inclusive work environment fosters new ideas, new insights, and constant innovation. We strive to weave the principles of diversity and inclusion throughout the fabric of how we work, how we interact, and how we engage with our customers and the community.

Job Requisition ID:

010355

Job Category:

Finance

Primary Location City:

Dallas

Primary Location Region:

Texas

Primary Location Postal Code:

75019

Primary Location Country:

United States of America

Posting Organization:

Mr. Cooper

Line of Business:

Origination

Additional Posting Location(s):

Alternate Requisition:

No
