One Team. One Commitment. One Goal.What's In It For YouReimagining scrap is where it all starts. But we can't raise the bar without the team to keep it moving. So, we support the heavy lifting you'll do with competitive compensation and a generous benefits package including:* Competitive compensation* Advancement opportunities* Training* Paid time off* Low-cost medical, dental, vision* Company-paid life and disability* Company matching 401(k) plan* Employee stock purchase planWhy This JobLooking for a rewarding career? Ready to join an innovative IT Team? Commercial Metals Company is currently seeking a Business Analyst to join our Americas team in Irving, TX. The Business Analyst will provide business, analytical and technical expertise to the Mill line of business for the design, development, modification, and support of the business processes, data, analytics, and software applications supporting the SAP APO environment. The Business Analyst will also drive process change and standardization through change initiatives and process improvement projects including relevant change management activities to enhance business acceptance. Commercial Metals Company is currently seeking energetic and enthusiastic team members. Apply online today!What You'll Do* Problem solving including root cause analysis and corrective action* Plan, prioritize and drive issues, tasks, and deliverables from concept to closure* Provide training and support during implementation of systems* Work across different non-technical and technical functional groups* Represent SAP APO team in providing guidance, running requirements workshops and providing user support* Set up APO CIF and troubleshoot CIF issues* Ability to travel as required, including International travelWhat You'll Need* Excellent written and verbal communication, including facilitation* Knowledge of software development lifecycle methodologies and industry best practices* Knowledge of Project Management routines and disciplines* Experience translating business requirements into a functional design and writing technical requirements document* At least three years hands on SAP APO configuration experience* At least one full lifecycle implementation of SAP APO* Implementation of any one of APO modules* Implementation of MRP(ECC)* Broad understanding of project management routines and disciplines* Customer service focused mindset* Demonstrates proactive collaboration and contributing to building teamwork through open and honest communication* Knowledge in handling Production and Planning Master data elements - Material Master, BOM, Routing & Production versions* Strong understanding of at least one area of APO modules - DP, SNP, GATP or PP/DS* Understanding of integration between APO modules - DP, SNP, GATP or PP/DS* Understanding of integration of SAP APO with SAP ECC, CIFYour Education* Bachelor's Degree or equivalent relevant experience required.We are Commercial Metals Company, a Fortune 500 company with a family feel that's already part of your life. Our steel products have been supporting structures in more than 20 countries for over 100 years. And the secret to our success? We've built our legacy by assembling a team of innovators and doers to tackle some of the most challenging problems facing our world over the last 100 years - but we're just getting started.If you're ready to reimagine ways to make the steel industry more sustainable, reinforce the bridges and roadways connecting our communities, and do meaningful work, you're ready to join CMC. Apply today and start moving your career - and our world - forward.CMC is committed to providing equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, physical or mental disability, national origin, citizenship, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, or other status protected by federal, state or local law.
