Marketing Insights Analyst

ABOUT IMAGINUITY®

Imaginuity is the integrated agency that delivers transformative results for its clients. The agencys proprietary AdScience® customer data platform optimizes cross-channel marketing programs that drive both new customer acquisition and retention across traditional and digital media. Headquartered in Dallas, Imaginuity provides integrated marketing services throughout the entire customer journey, including brand experience, advertising, traditional and digital media buying, paid and organic search, social media, web development, UX, AI, data analytics and database marketing services. More information is available at www.imaginuity.com.

ABOUT THE POSITION

The Marketing Insights Analyst will help bridge the gap between media planning, media buying (digital and traditional) and AdScience® inclusive of analytics, testing, platform maintenance, design and process management.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES
Maintain reports on our proprietary analytics platform, AdScience®.
Interpret and draw relevant insights from AdScience® and apply those insights to our clients businesses.
Assist with day to day projects, execution, and analysis of AdScience® related tasks.
Communicate across departments about the insights gained from AdScience®.
Collaborate with the team to provide actionable insights.
Maintain proper documentation.
Promote best practices in relation to data tests to ensure quality and efficient results.
PREFERRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, SKILLS, QUALIFICATIONS
Minimum 2 years in an analytical role at an agency or Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing (with strong analytical skills), Economics, Data Science, Data Analytics, or similar field
Strong mathematical, analytical, and problem-solving skills
Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Teams
Basic SQL skills (preferred)
Experience with Tableau (desktop and online server)
Excellent communication in writing and verbally
Work well within a team and encourage trust
Take pride in work output and deliver high quality results
Self-motivated and reliable with meeting deadlines
Driven and creative in finding unique solutions
Value knowledge and education
Masters degree in data science or analytics (preferred)
Imaginuity is committed to complying fully with all applicable laws ensuring equal employment opportunities. Accordingly, it is the policy of Imaginuity to provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, sex (including gender, gender identity, transgender status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions), religion, creed, national origin, age, actual or perceived disability, sexual orientation, marital status, military or veteran status, ancestry, genetic predisposition, citizenship status, domestic violence victim status, familial status, unemployed status, criminal history, protected activity (e.g., opposition to prohibited discrimination or making a complaint of discrimination or harassment or retaliation), or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. This policy governs all aspects of employment, including, without limitation, recruitment, job assignment, promotions, transfers, compensation, access to benefits, training, discipline, and terminations. No person is authorized to act in a manner contrary to this commitment to equal employment opportunity.
