Job Title:

Business Analyst

Employer Name: SilverXis, Inc.
Work Location County: 305 Cimarron Trial - Suite 100, IRVING, TX 75063
Other Work Locations: Various unanticipated locations throughout the U.S.

Job Duties:
Responsible for the full systems lifecycle from requirements gathering through implementation of functional solutions.
Gather and document Business Requirements
Document and Maintain Policies & Procedures
Must have experience gathering business requirements for advanced analytics teams (Data Engineers, Data Scientists) and building the necessary use cases.
Must have experience with Data analysis to provide business value (SQL, Excel, BI)
Very good communication skills as well as high level technical knowledge to correspond with the developers team and client side.
Responsible for making BRD (Business Requirement Document) and FRD (Functional Requirement Documents).
Validate requirements specifications and solution design with stakeholders, project team members, and senior management sponsors via an iterative and collaborative review and verification process to obtain consensus and approval.
Identify and manage scope concerns, risks and issues and escalate to appropriate team members and management as needed.
Create and process project change requests when required.
Schedule and facilitate required systems analysis customer and technical interviews, status meetings and topic meetings.
Develop and maintain project plan, issues log, action item log, meeting agendas, meeting minutes and other artifacts as required by governing methodology and departmental processes..
Responsible for creating personas, use case scenarios, usability testing, user cases, Storyboarding, brainstorming.
Responsible for making style guide, including typography, color theory, target audience, moodboard. SEO, card sorts, trend analysis, competitive analysis google analytics and contribute for increasing web traffic for programs, web APIs, mobile applications.
Design content templates and layout for various programs, initiatives.
Create Web UI and graphics for user friendly desktop.
Manage and own the effective design and communication of team deliverables including newsletters, marketing Campaigns, Graphic publishing to various audiences including IT partners, Business Partners, End Users through multiple channels
Create UI designs through consideration of business requirements and technical limitations
Translate high-level feature concepts into use cases and customer experience requirements
Present design work to the product development team, executives, and external partners for review and feedback
Produce high-fidelity and low-fidelity wireframes, high-fidelity mockups and production art assests.
Develop and maintain detailed UI specifications and templates.
Ensure designs can work across many languages using different character sets
Check the cross-browser compatibility for websites as well as multiple platform testing
Redesign existing websites to Responsive web design
Create UI designs for mobile apps.
Ability to internalize and understand complex technical systems and how your implemented designs will fit into the big picture
Work on several different projects at once, and meet demanding deadlines.
Design and Create innovative desktop friendly sites for mobility information and support
Utilize and recommend efficient web technologies targeted to both Intranet and Internet
Work with Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Axure, Balsamiq Microsoft Visio, prototype tool, text Editor, Notepad++, Macromedia Flash, Indesign.
Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript , CMS platform (wordpress)and web APIs.
Develops domain expertise in specific technical skills Java/J2EE, web services, messaging services, Drools rules, XML and web technologies.
Make technical recommendations on designs as well as technical improvements.

Education Required:

Bachelor's or Master's in Computer Science, Business Administration. Employer will accept combination of degrees or diplomas.
