Company Overview

HD Supply (NASDAQ:HDS) ( www.hdsupply.com ) is one of the largest industrial distributors in North America. The company provides a broad range of products and value-add services to approximately 500,000 customers with leadership positions in maintenance, repair and operations and specialty construction sectors. Through approximately 260 locations across 36 states and six Canadian provinces, the company's approximately 11,000 associates provide localized, customer-driven services including jobsite delivery, will call or direct-ship options, diversified logistics and innovative solutions that contribute to its customers' success. With an active commitment to the communities in which we operate, HD Supply associates are part of a thriving organization that supports the virtues of wellness, diversity and inclusion all of which are top priorities for the company. Equally as important is empowering our associates to grow professionally while providing competitive benefits and compensation. If youre ready to find a rewarding career and achieve your full potential with a growing industry leader, HD Supply is ready for you!

Job Description & Qualifications

Job Summary

Perform requirements gathering, design, build, test, and documentation activities for packaged software applications. Work under the direction of a project manager as part of a team to deliver large-scale business solutions or enhancement projects. Responsible for leading a team to complete the configuration of a solution for an entire business function or process.

Major Tasks, Responsibilities and Key Accountabilities
Leads discussions to gather detailed requirements from business users for whole business processes and/or functions on approved projects and enhancements to existing projects using HD Supply business analysis techniques.
Leads the design and development for whole business processes and/or functions on approved projects and on enhancements to existing projects. Approves designs by junior members of a project team.
Performs program configuration/modification and set-up activities using specific HD Supply methodologies.
Identifies impact to business resulting from newly configured or improved business functionalities and identifies methods for addressing business change impacts.
Coordinates user acceptance testing (UAT) with the business client.
Prepares System Requirement Documents, functional specifications, and test and user documentation.
Prepares status reports to update the Project Manager on day-to-day activities and statuses. Executes quarterly security audits and participates in internal and external audits.
Responsible for maintaining SOX controls in application security design and administration, including building roles, module and data permissions, and assigning roles to privileged users.
Nature and Scope
Displays the highest level of critical thinking and analysis in bringing successful resolution to high-impact, complex, and/or cross-departmental problems. Makes prompt, sound decisions when faced with complex and often contradictory alternatives that result in successful outcomes.
Operates with considerable latitude. Situations may have little or no precedent requiring original or new concepts or approaches without guidance from others. Reaches decisions under conditions of uncertainty.
Develops or engages/directs others in developing innovative solutions to important, highly complex strategic and operating problems; cross-departmental considerations are often present.
Work Environment
Located in a comfortable indoor area. Any unpleasant conditions would be infrequent and not objectionable.
Most of the time is spent sitting in a comfortable position and there is frequent opportunity to move about. On rare occasions there may be a need to move or lift light articles.
Typically requires overnight travel 5% to 20% of the time.
Education and Experience
Typically requires BS/BA in a related discipline. Generally 8+ years of experience in a related field OR MS/MA and generally 5+ years of experience in a related field. Certification is required in some areas.
Preferred Qualifications & Job Specific Details

Preferred Qualifications:
Previous SAP EWM implementations required.
Preferred candidate has experience with SAP ECC and SAP EWM configuration.
Strong knowledge of Supply Chain business processes.
7+ years of experience in project business analysis and coordination.
7+ years of experience in software development.
4+ years of experience working on projects or programs requiring the integration of cross-functional technology and/or business solutions.
Bachelors degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or a related field.
Open to non-local candidates.
PRID

PRID159

Job Locations US-GA-Atlanta | US-TX-Dallas | US-CA-San Diego | US-FL-Orlando

Posted Date 7 days ago (7/7/2020 10:28 AM)

Job ID 2020-38233

Business Unit Facilities Maintenance

Functional Area Information Technology

Remote Position? No

Position Type Full-Time

Posting Location : Postal Code 30339

HD Supply is an Equal Opportunity Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veteran and Affirmative Action Employer. HD Supply considers for employment and hires qualified candidates without regard to age, race, religion, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, protected veteran or disability status or any factor prohibited by law.
