Reporting to the Director of Business Intelligence/Analytics, the Sr. Business Analyst will support the development and execution of our Customer Intelligence strategies. They interface with key stakeholders and apply their technical and analytical proficiency across different stages of the development life cycle for analytics including requirements gathering, application architecture, definition and design. This will include recommendations around assortment planning, pricing & promotions, customer research and market development. In addition, this role will own the development, execution, and maintenance of Customer Intelligence related platforms utilizing market leading Business Intelligence solutions.

Description and Responsibilities:
Modeling & Analysis
Analyzes trends and purchasing behavior to identify opportunities to enhance consumer spend and profitability.
Utilizes advanced analytics and A/B testing to implement recommendation engines.
Develops case scenarios for enhancement of private label product line extensions
Creates and validates customer segmentation utilizing internal and external data sources utilizing modeling and validation.
Reporting Development & Analysis
Develops and reports out on KPI metrics to leadership
Develops Customer Intelligence Dashboards
Identifies & integrates outside market data to enrich the Customer Intelligence strategies,
Ad Hoc Analysis (10%)
Support Business Intelligence team with ad hoc reporting and analysis as needed.
Mentors less experienced Team members
Requirements - Knowledge / Skills / Abilities
Experience with a BI Platform (Qlik, Tableau, Power BI or equivalent)
Experience with coding in SQL, Python, R/Rstudio/SAS, Alteryx or equivalent preferred
Microsoft Office (Excel, Powerpoint, and Access)
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans.
