Primary areas include Inventory Management, Distribution Centers, and Cross Docks. Additional areas include Transportation, Retail operations, Merchandising, Logistics, & Finance. Develop and support reports needed to analyze supply chain business operations and processes. Gather data to be used in the development of high-level analytics and quantitative techniques with the support of a mentor. Modify existing SQL reporting processes to maximize automation and create consistent run-times. Troubleshoot failures and handle questions to existing reports that are being supported. Manipulate Network and Transportation optimization models run using Llamasoft. Support other team members and Managers in framing operational problems, analyzing information, and assisting in test validations.

Be reliable source in providing data to be used in analytical endorsements of Supply Chain initiatives that make an immediate impact on bottom line. Conduct necessary adhoc data analysis and quantitative investigations for supporting business groups. Participate in Supply Chain analytics and reporting discussions with to capture the necessary data requirements used to model current business processes. Develop an understanding and knowledge of complex system requirements. Capable of offering innovative ideas and solutions. Support the testing of developed models and interpret results. Reading and comprehending the design of existing reports and mathematical/statistical models. Being capable of making changes or enhancements to these reports and models if necessary. Creation of new Supply Chain reports. Participate in report evolution. Prepare and maintain detailed specification of current and future reports. Coding application components based on design specifications, while adhering to defined programming standards, structured coding techniques and development methodologies. Analyze and revise existing reporting system logic and assist in development, testing and debugging. Own some of the reporting services to Supply Chain (Inventory Management, Warehouses, Cross Docks, and Transportation). Participate in the development and implementation of user manuals, initial and ongoing report training efforts. Expected to write SQL code to extract the number of picks to be used in answering this question. Another instance may involve owning an existing customer fill-rate report that is distributed to planners, facility leaders, and executive management. Modify current SQL reports, in order to capture the new business developments such as Direct Import Deconsolidation Centers being added to our supply chain network. Some troubleshooting and data analysis may be expected by the business with the distribution of these reports as well. A familiarity with the data, an understanding where it resides, and any additional insights regarding its use are necessary to complete these tasks.

Bachelor's Degree (B.A./B.S.)

Job Type: Contract

Pay: $60.00 - $65.00 per hour

Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
business analysis: 2 years (Preferred)
Cognos: 2 years (Preferred)
SQL: 2 years (Preferred)
Tableau: 2 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
