Business Analyst

This job posting is no longer active.

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084991

Corporate Positions

Buying & Planning

Job Type: Full-Time

Date Updated: Aug 12, 2019

Merchandise Allocator - Planning & Allocation

J.C. Penney Company, Inc.

Plano, Texas

The merchandise allocator is responsible for the allocation of merchandise at the sku level across all stores, ensuring presentation standards by store are met based on Buyer's intent and allocation objectives. Partner with merchandising organization to drive size strategy and execution. Collaborate with (sr.) planning manager and merchandising organization to review / challenge assortment flow plan.

Primary Responsibilities:
Allocate merchandise at sku level based on the Buyer intent and allocation objectives.
Accountable for ensuring stores and eCommerce platform are at optimal inventory levels and presentation standards are met to drive sales, in-stocks, and service customers
Develop product knowledge to be store level expert in regards to product needs and opportunities.
Responsible for presenting needs to Merchandise Action Team (MAT) in determining the best strategy to maximize opportunity
Collaborate with (sr.) planning manager and merchandising organization to review / challenge assortment flow plan and ensure sufficient quantities are purchased to support the assortment plan
Perform pre-season, in-season, and post-season analysis to uncover opportunities and risks.
Develop recommendations for in-season changes and pre-season assortment plans to ensure maximization of objectives
Monitors JCPenney warehouse inventory and flow and recommends appropriate actions to the MAT in order to maximize business objectives
Partner with merchant organization on size strategy execution providing analysis, depth needs, range recommendations, and pack configuration
Develop / implement strategies to create vendor pre-packs based on pack configuration analysis; identify opportunities to add new sizes and / or liabilities to omit sizes from assortment • Prepare weekly / monthly review of item sales and inventory results; coordinate subsequent re-forecasting estimates with the (sr.) Planning Manager to review with the MAT
Core Competencies & Accomplishments:
College degree or equivalent work experience preferred • Ability to drive retail profitability and inventory productivity
Readily grasps numerical concepts and interprets financial information accurately
Ability to utilize retail math skills to analyze and drive business
Exhibit high standards and accountability; takes pride in accuracy • Results-oriented and self-motivated with a strong sense of urgency
Able to independently organize and prioritize broad workload to meet deadlines
Effective verbal and written communication skills
Able to successfully collaborate with internal and external partners
Proficiency in MS Word and Excel
What you get:

Our corporate office, located within the exciting new development of Legacy West in Plano, Texas, supports JCPenney stores and supply chain facilities nationwide. We offer a competitive benefits package including medical/dental/vision, term life insurance, paid vacation/holidays, 401(k) Savings Plan with company match, and an associate discount on JCPenney merchandise. On-site campus amenities include health clinic, pharmacy, daycare and preschool, full cafeteria service, a 24-hour fitness center and free garage parking.

About JCPenney:

At JCPenney, we share a passion for serving customers, supporting our communities and being the best retailer for all families. As a company founded on the Golden Rule, our success is rooted in the belief that we treat everyone the way we would want to be treated. At every touchpoint, customers discover stylish merchandise at incredible value from an extensive portfolio of private, exclusive and national brands. Reinforcing this shopping experience is the customer service and warrior spirit of approximately 98,000 associates across the globe, all driving toward the Company's mission to help customers find what they love for less time, money and effort. Working at JCPenney means joining a dedicated team of associates who are encouraged to be uniquely themselves in a safe, caring and welcoming environment. It is a place where careers prosper, accomplishments are celebrated and diversity flourishes. It's a place that's meant for you.

For more opportunities to join our team please visit our careers page.

Follow us and see what's new: Instagram Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Media Room jcp.com

#LI-PZ1

Job Title: Business Analyst

Location: Plano, TX, United States -

Job ID: 1084991

J.C. Penney Company Inc.

Plano, Texas
