About our Company System Soft Technologies is a leading technology company that provides innovative technical solutions and consulting services to enhance your agility, business value, and competitiveness. We are focused on becoming a trusted partner to our clients and we have built a 141M+ company around understanding and anticipating their unique needs. With a pool of over 800 associates covering a full spectrum of expertise, System Soft Technologies has been sculpting a foundation of success for more than 20 years. We are a company driven to deliver a level of quality that far exceeds the expectations of our customers and we are differentiated by our flexible engagement model and commitment to business value that enables us to seamlessly evolve around our clientsrsquo dynamic technology and business environments. Job Description The Business Analyst will be a key member of the Product Innovation team. This position will work closely with Product Management, Technology and Operations, and other key stakeholders through the ideation process to develop, analyze, and document concepts and requirements around strategic innovation initiatives. Responsibilities Meet with decision makers, systems owners, and users to define business, financial, and operations requirements and systems goals. Interacts with the business stakeholders and subject matter experts in order to understand their problems and needs. Lead design sessions for the purpose of enhancing business processes. Review and analyze the effectiveness and efficiency of existing systems and develop strategies for improving or further leveraging these systems. Identify and establish scope and parameters of systems analysis in order to define outcome criteria and measure-taking actions. Build a relationship between business partners and the ITIS Departmentrsquos relative to requirements, solutions, and priorities. Documents the functional and technical design of the system. Develop requirement documentation that will translate business needs into requirements that can be understood by the development team. Required Bachelorrsquos degree 5+ yearsrsquo experience as a Business Analyst Design thinking knowledge Creative problem solver, confident in proposing alternative approaches and unique perspectives Strong critical thinking and decision-making skills Ability to interpret abstract and complex business requests and analyze based on aggressive timelines High aptitude for learning new systems and concepts and act with agility in a fast-paced environment Experience developing all types of documentation including business and functional specifications, and end-user guides Results-oriented, is proactive and flexible, strategic thinking, and self-motivated Exceptional organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple work assignments simultaneously with little direction Excellent writing and storytelling skills, ability to present abstract and complex concepts in a logical fashion Proficiency in Excel, PowerPoint, and Word
