Southwestern Health Resources CIN seeks to hire Business Analyst II to work full time in their Analytics Department.

Please note: Southwestern Health Resources Clinically Integrated Network (SWHR CIN) is a partner company of Texas Health. If hired for this position, you will become a SWHR CIN employee rather than a Texas Health employee.

The address is 1701 River Run, Fort Worth, TX 76107.

Salary range is Min. $32.31/hr. to Max. $51.59/hr. - based on relevant experience

Work Schedule:
• Full Time: 1 st Shift
Job Description:

BI Business Analyst II will coordinate and actively contribute to the business intelligence projects throughout the development life cycle from initial requirement analysis/documentation, prototyping, design, and development all the way through to implementation, Quality Assurance and user acceptance. BI Business Analyst II will serve as a liaison between your team and other technical and functional teams to document requirements develop and deliver analytical outputs. You would need to have strong quantitative analytical skills, with a balanced interest in data manipulation and business.

Essential Functions:
• Develop, maintain and standardize reports and processes through the use of scripts, stored procedures and packages. • Use systems and templates to document technical specs detailing the methodology, procedures, outcomes, and observations as part of the data processing and analytical steps in the projects. • Meet with functional teams to help them frame their business requirements. • Assess complexity of tasks and projects and develop timeline and scope documents. • Provide stakeholders with regular written status updates on the progress of analytical requests using the available tools. • Evaluate healthcare clinical and financial data for trends, utilization, outliers and organizational standards. • Define and implement performance metrics as part of outcome measurement to address clinical and financial concerns. • Direct in-depth analysis of clinical and financial outcomes in order to evaluate and develop process improvement initiatives • Perform the appropriate data analysis to validate the technical requirements • Plan and implement steps required for data quality assurance. • Manage user acceptance testing
The ideal candidate will possess the following qualifications:
• Bachelor's Degree from accredited college or University in Information Systems, Business Administration, Health Care Informatics or closely related field • 5 years data analysis experience required and • 1 year in the healthcare industry required • Data visualization experience using SiSense, Qlik, PowerBI, Tableau, etc. a plus
Skills:
• Familiarity with health care claims data is a must • Demonstrated experience in healthcare business intelligence using SQL and SSRS as the report development tool. • Experience in documenting business and technical requirements for healthcare quality and financial reporting. • Skills and knowledge in performing data analysis to troubleshoot data quality issues • Strong follow-through skills • You must be able to apply initiative in carrying out assigned tasks. • You must also have strong analytic and problem-solving skills as well as strong time-management skills. • You must also have excellent verbal and written communication, and interpersonal skills. • Knowledge of health care business processes and terminology is preferred. • Strong skills in data warehousing process design and development using the SSIS data warehousing tool suite • Knowledge of data warehousing methodologies and best practices • Effective interpersonal relations skills, ability to effectively collaborate with others and work as part of a team • Ability to initiate and follow through on assignments • Excellent organizational and time management skills • Ability to work independently, research and resolve questions and problems
