Who we are:


At Wunderman Thompson we exist to inspire growth for ambitious brands. Part creative agency, part consultancy and part technology company, our experts provide end-to-end capabilities at a global scale to deliver inspiration across the entire brand and customer experience.

We are 20,000 strong in 90 markets around the world;our people bring together creative storytelling, diverse perspectives, inclusive thinking, and highly specialized vertical capabilities to drive growth for our clients. We offer deep expertise across the entire customer journey, including communications, commerce, consultancy, CRM, CX, data, production, and technology.

Who we are looking for:


Wunderman Thompson Data is seeking a technical Business Analyst to serve as the conduit between the customer community (internal and external customers) and the software development team through which requirements are defined and user acceptance testing performed. You are the liaison between our clients and development teams, and are responsible for driving the identification, specification, and successful delivery of solutions that leverage Wunderman's capabilities to support and grow our Clients' business.

What you'll do:
Bridge the Gap | Gather, interpret, and translate customer needs into functional and nonfunctional requirements translate business problems into requirements that facilitate application development through client interviews, internal interviews, document analysis, requirements workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis.
Collaborate | Work with architects to translate the detailed requirements into design deliverables. Review design deliverables with architects upon completion. Proactively communicate with external and internal customers to analyze information needs and functional requirements and deliver the project artifacts
Client | Partner with Account Leadership to oversee the translation of our clients' vision into a roadmap that will achieve client goals, while generating work that is creatively brilliant, measurable and has a cultural impact. You'll be the point person for all day-to-day client communications across multiple teams.
Team | Manage, inspire and motivate project, product and development teams for the new .com experience. Review team deliverables. Provide strategic oversight and ensure the work gets noticed, used and appreciated.
Process | Drive profitability at scale within the teams and as Wunderman Thompson sells in new offerings. Find innovative ways to build new best practices.
Who you are:


A builder | Entrepreneurial attitude couple with a strong business acumen. Ability and appetite to bring people together. Innate ability to marshal people and create gravity around ideas.
Open and collaborative | Our team is close-knit and supportive and we're working with a lot of unknowns you must champion of team environments that are comfortable and encouraging.
Optimistic and resilient | Dig in and figure out how to work around problems. Yes and why not posture. Takes care of self and team. Balance needed to maintain stamina and positivity.
Ego-less | We all wear the hats that need wearing, it's a mentality that makes the team successful.
What you'll need:


Strong understanding of marketing concepts, including multi-channel and digital marketing.
Ability to manage multiple activities in a deadline-oriented environment; highly organized and flexible.
Strong listening, verbal and written communication skills.
Strong Microsoft Office skills Excel, Word and Power Point.
Ability to work independently and jointly in unstructured environments in a self-directed way.
Ability to take a leadership role on projects and with customers.
Experienced in research and analysis of data and customer issues.
Experienced developing functional and non-functional requirements.
Understanding database concepts including tables, data types, instances, fields, connection strings, keys, and records.
Experience with back-end database feeds a plus.
Experience with Unica, Adobe, and other CRM solutions a plus.
Wunderman Thompson is a WPP agency. For more information, please visit our website and follow Wunderman Thompson on our social channels: Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Instagram.

Wunderman Thompson is committed to Equal Employment Opportunity and to attracting and retaining the most qualified employees regardless of race, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, age or disability. We rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing personal information under the GDPR for purposes of recruitment and applications for employment.
