Description:

PROLIM Global Corporation (www.prolim.com)
is currently seeking Business Systems Analyst in Dallas, TX for one of our top
clients.

Job Description
Under general direction, formulates/defines
project scope and objectives based on user needs and thorough understanding of
business problems.
Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex
problems considering existing system/application capacity and limitations, and
form of desired results.
Analyze, develop and write business
requirements, translate into functional design documents and participate in the
technical design, test planning and user documentation processes for complex
application systems.
Gather and analyze information / provide
recommendations to address and resolve business issues for a specific business
group.
Analyze and re-engineer business processes.
Identify and address cross-project dependencies
and impacts.
Participate in software design, prototyping,
construction and testing of new or enhanced applications.
Support in training users on new or enhanced
applications.
Track problems and bugs; revise documentation
of system revisions and modifications, as needed.
May require preparing requests for proposals,
statement of work, presentations and reports for senior leadership.
May provide assistance to less experienced
business and system analysts.
Responsibilities
Traditional BSA artifacts, including Business
Requirements Documents, Functional Requirements Documents, Test Plans and User
Acceptance Testing documents etc.
Skills Required
Knowledge of System Development Life Cycle (SDLC),
including Waterfall and Agile methodologies.
Solid understanding in Relational Database SQL,
Analyzing data using database tools, Object Oriented Programming Concepts.
Ability to work independently with limited
direction and collaborate with extended teams.
Experience in doing process modelling, data
mapping etc.
Ability to create Test Plans and support User
Acceptance Testing.
Ability to handle multiple projects
simultaneously.
Experience in mentoring less experienced
Client.
Experience in working with multiple vendors as
part of solution implementations
Hands on experience with Business Rules Engine
Tools: MS suite, Visio, Clarity, Enterprise
Tester or equivalent.
Experience
Minimum 9 years of Business Systems Analyst
experience in Retail Domain.
Excellent written and verbal communication
skills
Ability to handle multiple projects
simultaneously.
Traditional BSA skills, including ability to
create Business Requirements, Functional Requirements, creation and execution
of test plans and support UAT.
Ability to present and explain project specific
information to diverse types of audiences.
Identifying process improvements and take lead
on ongoing initiatives.
Experience in implementing ecommerce software
solutions in a retail environment, including ATG and/or Sterling Commerce.
Solid understanding in Relational Database SQL,
Analyzing data using database tools, Object Oriented Programming Concepts.
Excellent written and verbal communication
skills.
Ability to present and explain project specific
information to diverse types of audiences.
Apply on-line
for immediate consideration, please send your updated resume and contact info
via email indu.bhyrappa@prolim.com or Contact. (214)-945-2557 Ext
About PROLIM Corporation

PROLIM is a leading provider of end-to-end
IT, PLM and Engineering
Services and Solutions for Global 1000
companies. They understand business as much as technology, and help their
customers improve their profitability and efficiency by providing high-value
technology consulting, staffing, and project management outsourcing
services.

Their IT and PLM consulting offerings include;
Advisory, PLM Software/Services, Program Management, Solution Architecture
Training/Staffing, Cloud Solutions, Servers/Networking, Infrastructure, ERP
Practices and QA Services. Engineering services include Data Translation,
CAD/CAM/CAE, Process & Product Engineering, Prototyping, and
Testing/Validation within a wide range of markets and industries.
