Tuesday, March 3, 2020

Crescent Bank is looking for a talented professional to fill an open position as a Business Analyst. The Business Analyst has primary responsibility for identifying opportunities and risks to the business and identifying and implementing strategies that will improve the overall performance and profitability of the company. The Business Analyst will typically analyze many areas of the business with guidance from a more senior analyst.

Company Profile:

Crescent Bank is a privately owned, state chartered, FDIC insured commercial bank. We have been in business for over 25 years and are located in over 20 states. While our primary business is providing auto loans to those who have a hard time securing a loan, we also provide a variety of personal and business banking services throughout Louisiana. We strive for employee advancement and growth. We offer a wide variety of benefits. Unlike your average bankers, we actually have fun.
Paid Vacation, Personal, Holiday, Bereavement, and Jury Duty
Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance
AD&D and Multiple Life Insurances
Long and Short Term Disability Insurance
Flexible Spending Accounts (Medical and Dependent)
Wellness Programs
401(k) with Company Match
Tuition Reimbursement
Free No Fee Savings and Checking Accounts

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
In specific areas of the business Identify opportunities and risks. Identify and implement solutions to the opportunities and risks that improve the company’s performance and profitability.
With guidance from a more senior analyst; identify options for potential solutions to business risks and opportunities.
Create Analytical frameworks to evaluate different solutions to risks and opportunities.
Use Analytical techniques, for example past performance, testing, statistical modeling, and financial modeling to ground the value of different solutions.
Areas of analysis may include, credit, pricing, operations, finance, and overall business strategy.
Identify customer’s needs and wants and build solutions that meet or exceeds them.
Monitor performance of a business area and tests being performed in that business area. Draw insight from the monitoring to identify opportunities for business improvement.
Works effectively as part of a team atmosphere to perform duties and achieve daily operational goals
Meets productivity standards in accordance with Crescent Bank’s confidentiality policies and organizational values
Performs additional duties as needed within the department

Position Requirements:
The candidate should hold a bachelor’s degree in a major with an analytical focus;, examples include Engineering, Science, Mathematics, Finance, and Economics.
0-3 years related experience performing analytical work is desired.
Strong analytical and model development skills and advanced knowledge of Excel and data mining tools such as SQL, SAS, R, or Python.
Track record of delivering improved business results.
Demonstrated experience building long-term relationships with strategic business partners.
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision as well as function within a team environment.
Effective verbal and communication skills.
Ability to manage multiple projects and deliver results on time.
Project and time management skills; specifically the ability to execute project plans across diverse teams in order to successfully meet corporate objectives.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Veterans/Disabled

Other details
Pay Type
Salary
