Job Description
Quadratic, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Richards Group, provides advanced analytics, digital analytics, data solutions, and relationship marketing services to more than 100 brands across a wide range of verticals.

We’re searching for an analyst who shares our passion for data, analysis, modeling, learning, and continuous improvement. Like all team members, this person must be incredibly curious, empathetic, sincere, hardworking, and a problem-solver. Quadratic requires a healthy balance between thinking and doing, between attention to detail and
outside-the-box thinking. Our clients’ needs are constantly evolving, and they count on us to help them move forward.

Analysts in our Data Intelligence discipline apply knowledge and passion to solve math, business, and/or technology problems for clients, helping them make better, faster decisions. Experience working across a range of data environments (from structured SQL environments to cloud-enabled data lakes) is a prerequisite for success. You will work with everything from enterprise, digital, sensor, marketing, economic, and open-end research responses in a collaborative environment. Determining which approach(es) for storing, blending, accessing, and presenting has/have the most merit is a core day-to-day responsibility.

The ideal candidate will have fluency in query logic, stored procedure development, and API development. Preferable: Python, Java, other languages used for automating processes (R or other statistical language/tools), SSIS, or other ETL (e.g., Alteryx) tools.

Responsibilities
Process large data sets and develop workflow automations (Alteryx, etc.)
Use data analytics software (SQL, SAS, R, etc.) to clean and organize large data sets to be used in analyses
Develop metadata tables and related database structures to support design and implementation
Develop reports and dashboards (Tableau, Power BI, Google Data Studio, etc.) and provide analytic insights to cross-discipline stakeholders
Conduct fuzzy matching, data standardization, and data appends to structure and augment data for use in analysis
Use web scraping to create additional data sets (e.g., via Python)
Work with current team to develop or acquire new learning in technologies or techniques to provide added value to our clients
Data environment and visualization requirements gathering
Process documentation
Acquire data from primary and secondary data sources, and maintain databases and data analysis systems
Work with cross-discipline teams to investigate discrepancies across multiple data sources
API development and management
Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets
Perform ad hoc quantitative analysis to answer unique and challenging business questions
Adapt and learn to help answer the question at hand in the best way possible
Effectively present analytical methods and results to internal stakeholders and clients with varying levels of technical expertise
Peer code review

Requirements
Undergraduate degree in statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related quantitative field; master’s degree preferred
Two or more years of professional experience preferred
Demonstration of strong SQL skills including development of stored procedures
Advanced level of experience in at least one data manipulation platform (Python, Alteryx)
Knowledge of common marketing analytics techniques such as media mix models, multivariate testing, A/B testing, segmentation, and attribution algorithms is desired
Data visualization experience through tools such as Tableau or Power BI
Highly organized, with the ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work independently and within a team structure to discuss methodology, results, and recommendations
Ability to present findings and recommendations in a clear and compelling way
Ability to creatively solve problems and understand the implications of new information on current client
