Are you a skilled Business Systems Analyst well versed in SDLC processes and Project Management approaches? If you'd like to work in a highly collaborative role, we may have the ideal opportunity for you in Plano. We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Responsibilities of the Business Systems Analyst Gather business requirements and translate into technical solutions Coordinate with developers and business SMEs on application changes, development, and deployment Create and maintain system and user documentation Coordinate and conduct testing and training Develop and analyze reports Support administrative tasks Requirements of the Business Systems Analyst Advanced proficiency in Excel and Word Demonstrated track record of timely and accurate delivery in a fast-paced environment Solid communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills Strong business acumen and ability to engage with executive management Excellent organizational, mathematical, and critical thinking skills Financial servicesmortgage industry experience preferred Experience with Crystal Reports, SQL Server.NET, or data analysis a plus Keywords Business Systems Analyst, BSA, Liaison, Financial Services Job ID 337960 About Eliassen Group Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients' innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit httpwww.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal OpportunityAffirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don't miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a 1,000 referral check!
