Job Summary

Join the team that powers the global real estate economy - CoreLogic is an innovative, future focused company whose vision is to deliver unique property-level insights that power the global real estate economy.

We are a $1.95 billion in sales company with more than 6,000 employees globally serving the financial services and insurance industries. We are evolving at a rapid pace and the clients we serve are challenged from every direction, which means we are growing and innovating to help drive their success. Working together, and differentiated by our superior data, analytics and data-enabled solutions, we empower our clients to make smarter business decisions through data-driven insights. We take initiative, are fully accountable, build respect and trust, make transparency a must-and engage, include and collaborate at every turn.

We take pride in our work and believe in cultivating a work environment that supports and values our greatest asset: our talented employees.

Job Description:

Job Duties
Identifies work flow and business process requirements and related solutions over a complete business process including obtaining approvals, documentation, testing and training. Considers the business implications of work flow and processes to the current business environment.
Conducts business process evaluations, interviewing internal and external customers, to gain technical knowledge of business requirements.
Identifies problems, researches alternatives, prepares presentations, drives solutions, tests to confirm, gains consensus, and implements solutions for multiple processes within multiple functions.
Create reports; research and analyze data and report trends and vital information to management/business partner.
Troubleshoots a wide variety of complex problems and identifies solutions within broad application and functional expertise.
Mentors and advises less experienced Business Analysts, monitoring project status.
Actively contributes to the results of a team and works towards achieving team goals and objectives.
Uses expertise of more senior level Business Analysts and leverages a wide range of additional resources to define complex business processes crossing functional areas.
Uses skills as a seasoned, experienced professional with a full understanding of industry practices and established policies and procedures.
Regularly makes recommendations to department processes.
Job Qualifications:

Education, Experience, Knowledge and Skills
BS Degree required or equivalent work experience.
5+ years of directly related experience.
Excellent organizational and project management skills; analytical skills.
Strong written and oral communication skills in order to define business and technical parameters and lead team to meet business requirements.
Has knowledge of general business environment/operation and has general cost benefit awareness.
CoreLogic offers an empowered work environment that encourages creativity, initiative and professional growth and provides a competitive salary and benefits package. CoreLogic is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer committed to attracting and retaining the best-qualified people available, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, disability or status as a veteran of the Armed Forces, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law. CoreLogic maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. We are fully committed to employing a diverse workforce and creating an inclusive work environment that embraces everyone's unique contributions, experiences and values. Please apply on our website for consideration.

Privacy Policy - http://www.corelogic.com/privacy.aspx

Connect with us on social media! Click on the quicklinks below to find out more about our company and associates.
