Ecommerce Business Analyst

Location: Dallas, TX

Duration: Fulltime

Description:
This person will be a key member of the Product Development team. The ideal candidate has experience with business analysis and workflow analysis, and is capable of communicating technical processes throughout different departments in an organization.
Responsibilities:
Create detailed business requirements and communicate them effectively to all departments.
Interact with members of the Software Development team and Data team to communicate business requirements, analytics, and documentation.
Work with other members of the Product Development team to ensure the strategy and execution plans of the company are aligned with all departments.
Document the functional and technical design of processes or enhancements.
Track and analyze user behavior, then be able to gather insights from those analytics and develop any necessary execution plans.
Conduct manual testing processes and work with the Software Development team to communicate testing results.
Act as a liaison between business stakeholders and technical departments of client.
Conduct effective market research on consumer electronics to help client develop its growing list of products and categories.
Oversee client original content that is being created and troubleshoot original content to ensure it production-ready.
Qualifications:
Proven IT/Tech knowledge of business analysis processes and functions
Proven technical experience and understanding of technical terminology and processes
Experience using Agile methodology to achieve project success
Excellent written and verbal communications skills
Excellent analytical skills
Proficiency with Microsoft Excel or Google Sheets
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science/MIS/Business Administration or a related discipline
1-5 years of Business Analysis experience
Direct experience in an Agile environment preferred
As an equal opportunity employer, ICONMA prides itself on creating an employment environment that supports and encourages the abilities of all persons. Regardless of race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, citizenship, or disability
