Confie and its family of companies - Freeway, BlueFire & others - is one of the top 5 insurance brokers in the United States. We have successfully acquired and integrated over 100 acquisitions since 2008, which defines our credibility! Confie is a builder of companies, every single agency we’ve acquired, we’ve grown. We are proactively looking for bright, talented, and motivated individuals who are goal oriented and excited for career advancement. Be part of this amazing journey and take your career and income potential to new heights! Come Grow With Us!

Integrity- We maintain the highest standard of ethical behavior, and do the right thing for the customers and employees.
Commitment- We strive to provide value to our customers, our employees and our company.
Accountability- We hold ourselves to the highest standards of accountability in all our actions.
Respect- We are always mindful to respect our customers, ourselves and each other.
Excellence- We focus on going the extra mile to exceed expectations.
Because we CARE, Confie conducts phone and video interviews to practice social distancing to accommodate the state, local or national guidelines. If you are considered to formally video interview, please consider the following recommendations:
Interviews can be conducted using a laptop or desktop computer with a webcam, tablet or smartphone.
Find a quiet, private, well-lit space, free from possible interruptions.
Position yourself so that you have a neutral background that’s free from distractions.
Test your internet connection to be sure you have a good connection.
Remember it’s an interview, so dress appropriately.
Place your phone on do not disturb.

The Role:
This role will act as a business transformation catalyst by facilitating and developing business processes and procedures across the enterprise as it relates to people, process, and technology.
Furthermore, this role will work closely with all functional areas of within Bluefire but not limited to underwriting business units, claims, operations, and IT to build standardized processes. These processes must be developed based on the right level of maturity both before and coincident with the strategic platform implementation supporting policy administration, billing, and claims processing.
The ideal candidate will have
5 years of insurance industry experiance
Experience with Standard Auto and/or Non-Standard Auto
Insurance system experience, InsureSoft Diamond experience is a +
Agile Methodology Experience

The Perfect Match:
Responsibilities:
Works with business to identify opportunities for improvement in business operations and processes
Facilitate the negotiation of requirements amongst multiple stakeholders.
Create appropriate deliverables, including but not limited to, process framework, process flows, procedures, and job aids.
Organize and facilitate business engagement during design sessions
Involved in the design or modification of business systems/processes or IT systems
Gathers, documents, and analyzes business needs and requirements
Solves business problems and, as needed, designs technical solutions
Documents the functional and, sometimes, technical design of the system
Interacts with system tech lead and developers to ensure the system is properly implemented
May help test the system and create system documentation and user manuals
deploying process changes or works with implementation resources to deploy larger process changes.
Develop strong relationships with key business resources
Perform other duties as assigned; Perform role of Project coordinator to drive execution
Qualifications:
3 years of experience as a Business Analyst in the P&C Insurance Industry.
Experience with business transformation
Experience working in a matrixed organization structure.
Demonstrates the ability to develop strong relationships with key business resources
Experience documenting system requirements, business processes and procedures.
Experience acting as a liaison between the technology team and appropriate business units during a transformation process.
Excellent organizational and time management skills.
Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
Ability to multi-task, manage details, and execute effective follow-through.
Proven analytical, decision making, and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to learn new processes, applications, systems, and workflow concepts.
Ability to continue education and stay up-to-date on technical developments.
Ability to perform effectively under tight timeframes with high standards, and bring about effective action through direction, example, and a collaborative team atmosphere.
Ability to work independently and within a team.
To qualify, all applicants must be authorized to work in the United States and must not require, now or in the future, VISA sponsorship for employment purposes.
Interact with the business stakeholders and subject matter experts in order to understand their problems and needs.
