Who we are
Collaborative. Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world’s most admired brands, Toyota is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We’re looking for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow.
An important part of the Toyota family is Toyota Financial Services (TFS), the finance and insurance brand for Toyota and Lexus in North America. While TFS is a separate business entity, it is an essential part of this world-changing company – delivering on Toyota’s vision to move people beyond what’s possible. At TFS, you will help create best-in-class customer experiences in an innovative, collaborative environment.
Who we’re looking for
The TFS Information Digital Services Department is looking for a passionate and highly-motivated Business Systems/QA Analyst.

The primary responsibility of this individual contributor role is to serve as the subject matter expert within the IT Development Team responsible for collaborating with and acting as a liaison to multiple and diverse business groups and technologies. The person in this key role will participate in multiple technology and/or business releases and work closely with the business units and IT partners to create, identify, and evaluate deliverables such as user stories, business process models, user manuals, test plans and test results.

What you’ll be doing
Facilitate successful delivery for assigned releases - Ensure internal IT and business needs are clearly identified, designed, and constructed to meet quality standards.
Create, evaluate, and present technical business cases, "as-is" and "to-be" business processes, "current" and "future" technology integration design recommendations to colleagues, management, business customers and vendors
Explain complex application functionality in a manner that can be understood, articulate ideas and solutions to influence others toward a desired outcome or solution; answer technical questions to support the case
Drive user story generation across business and technology teams to support a healthy backlog of capability development within assigned domain
Conduct all phases of analysis to prioritize making recommendations toward solutions, and manage resources to achieve unit, division and corporate goals.
Ensure system standards, code and documentation is recent and maintained in a central, and secure repository
Proactively seek opportunities for process improvement and cost reduction
Understand the future direction of business, IT impact on the business, the role IT plays, and communicate these trends to the business and IT colleague.
What you bring
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Mathematics or related discipline, or equivalent job experience is required.
Recent progressive, broad based IT experience participating in development efforts and playing a key role toward successful implementation of the initiatives
Proficiency
with SAP S/4 Hana
Knowledgeable of Agile concepts and toolsets (Sprint Planning, User Stories, and/or Jira, etc.)
Ability to develop a strong understanding of company and industry standards and best practices in all areas of technology delivery
You have exceptional professional interpersonal skills – You have a high degree of intellectual curiosity, confidence, analytical thinking, energy and drive to thrive in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment.
You are adept at interacting and building relationships. You are experienced at working cross-functionally, with a variety of key stakeholders at all levels of the organization, internally, externally, and globally. Ability to effectively interface with all departments within Toyota, TFS and IT
You possess strong communication skills and business acumen to understand corporate strategy and present actionable findings to management
Ability to work with limited supervision, having significant latitude for independent judgment
Ability to use at high-level business analysis tools such as, Microsoft Office suite, visualization, and requirements management tools to interpret, condense, and communicate complex graphical and statistical information
Added bonus if you have:
Preferred Certifications: Certification of Competency in Business Analysis (CCBA) and/or Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP)
Advanced degree – MBA with a concentration in an IT related area is a plus
Relevant experience in similar roles in insurance, risk, banking, treasury, or related industries
You have a Kaizen mindset. You model the behavior of forward-thinking, relentless drive for continuous process improvement and a sense of urgency
What we’ll bring
During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include:
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement
Vehicle purchase & lease programs
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family
Flexible work options based on business needs
Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute
Paid holidays and paid time off
Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, child care, schools and more
Flexible spending accounts
Relocation assistance
Onsite amenities such as fitness center, restaurants, etc.
What you should know

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.

Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com!
