RamQuest is a Texas-based corporation that has been serving the title industry since 1991. As the provider of the Land Title industry's most comprehensive title and settlement solutions, RamQuest's products are currently in use for closings in all 50 states.

At RamQuest, our customers are at the heart of everything that we do. We continuously strive to nurture our customers' success by delivering the most innovative technology and creative service offerings. As we grow, our goal is to always work to be a champion for our customers so if you're a professional who loves finding new ways to make a difference and you would like to grow with us, let's talk!

RamQuest offers competitive and comprehensive benefit plan including Medical, Dental, Vision and an ESSOP plan.

Job Description

The Business Analyst is responsible for gathering product & workflow requirements and effectively capturing the business processes to drive the design and roadmap for Core Development Products. The successful candidate is acute at identifying suitable process changes, working through internal and external customers. This individual will implement, document and monitor business processes, while serving as a functional and technical liaison.

Job Duties:
Author business and technical documents
Gather, analyze and define workflow requirements to document, implement and monitor workflow processes.
Establish product requirements and specifications to support new and existing business initiatives
Conduct interviews and brainstorming sessions with internal and external stakeholders to gather requirements
Document and manage all product requirements and changes
Conduct analyses to discover new functionality requirements
Provide leadership and product direction to ensure ongoing delivery of new releases
Work closely with the development team, business users, and service providers
Assist in reverse engineering existing application functionality
Qualifications:
Bachelor's Degree preferred.
4 6 years of experience in a Business Analyst role.
Skills & Knowledge Required:
Excellent troubleshooting abilities, able to solve complex technical issues.
Must demonstrate superb professional verbal and written communication skills, through clearly written, concise and comprehensive documentation.
Demonstrated ability to communicate technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Fast learner of new technologies and tools.
Knowledge of the software development lifecycle, preferred.
Strong technical writing skills.
Knowledge of Title Industry, helpful.
Excellent interpersonal and customer service skills.
Ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects.
Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook.
Additional Information:
This is a direct hire opportunity with RamQuest
We offer Health, Dental, Vision, and Life Insurance. Short-term/Long-term Disability coverage, and Retirement options
Paid vacation, paid sick, and paid company holidays
Conveniently located in Plano, TX off of the Dallas North Tollway and Plano Parkway
Business hours are 8am - 5pm with some flexibility
Casual dress code
Job Posted by ApplicantPro
