Alkami builds and delivers the nation’s most innovative cloud-based digital banking (online and mobile apps) for Credit Unions and Banks with over 6M users on our platform. Through our bold investments in technology and people, our clients confidently grow, adapt quickly and build thriving digital banking communities to compete against the Megabanks. Founded 10 years ago with headquarters in Plano, Alkami is one of the fastest growing software companies in Texas and among the fastest growing privately held technology companies in the U.S. To share just a few of our recent recognitions: Best Place to Work in Fintech; Inc. 500 America’s Fastest-Growing Private Companies; Deloitte Technology Fast 500; Tech Titans Top 5; and, SMU Cox Caruth Institute Dallas 100. With every Alkamist having ownership in Alkami, we are obsessively intentional about our culture:optimistic-perseverance, caring-collaboration, transparent-communication, courageous-innovation, trusted-accountability and real-fun. Beyond intentional culture, our commitment is to attract and retain amazing talent by fostering a high-growth, dynamic and rewarding environment; providing great benefits; making meaningful investments in learning and development; offering free lunches every work day; celebrating our successes together in remarkable ways; and, ACTing together by taking time to give back and volunteer.

Position Overview

As THE digital banking solution for credit unions and small to medium sized banks, the ability to deliver in an agile, focused, and timely fashion is a major driver for our success. That agility extends through each of our teams and to the core of our corporate technology environment.

Alkami is currently experiencing explosive growth, which has led to a rapid expansion of technology-centered projects and goals across the organization. The rapidly expanding IT team is in the process mapping their team vision from the very top all the way down to its Daily Scrum stand ups within its ongoing Agile adoption. This role is a key member of the corporate IT team that will help document, monitor, coordinate, organize, and drive IT portfolio initiatives within the Agile environment.

The IT team has planned a portfolio of exciting technical projects for 2020 and this role will be a key contributor to building an accurate forecast, facilitating epic and user story planning, and monitoring the projects in flight--ensuring their timeline and in-scope completion. These projects often include solutions centered around the latest in technology to do things like building a comprehensive MDM environment, introducing a zero-touch endpoint deployment experience, creating a resilient AWS environment, and more!

Success in this role will center around a good understanding of project management practices and a hunger to grow as this position evolves. Additionally, this role will be highly collaborative, with an analytical approach to monitoring the scope, schedule, and resources captured for relevant projects.

Key Responsibilities& Duties
Collaborate with IT leadership to capture effective user stories and facilitate maturation of the IT backlog
Design and roll out technical documentation and processes, centered around improving the maturity and operational efficiency of the IT team
Meet with Stakeholders to gather requirements, identify risks, and align project scheduling
Drive the maturation of the IT Project portfolio and IT dashboards through project analysis, formula implementation, data entry, and progress monitoring
Manage stakeholder expectations and communication flow as they relate to project deliverables, scope and the internal project team.
Provide insight with the IT Program Manager to update and maintain the IT project portfolio and roadmap, taking into consideration corporate priorities, project health, and resource capacity
Preparing project or program reports as required by Stakeholders
Other responsibilities as assigned
Qualifications:
2+ years of relevant experience working in an IT or project management environment
Solid organizational skills including attention to detail and the ability to balance competing priorities.
Strong understanding and experience with agile methodologies (e.g., Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, etc.).
Working knowledge of project management tools (e.g., Smartsheets, Jira, etc)
Experience grooming product backlogs
Experience building schedules, gathering requirements, and maintaining project plans
Working knowledge of IT best practices and project management techniques
Ability to create focused ideas and practices within an ambiguous, evolving work structure
Experience designing and implementing technical policy or procedural documents
Strong research and analytical skills
Impeccable ability to communicate to both technical and non-technical audiences
Desired Skills:
Certified Associate in Project Management (CAPM) or equivalent experience
Experience with advanced spreadsheet formulas
Familiarity supporting compliance reporting and audit activities for PCI, SOC, SOX controls requirements
Knowledge of cloud first IT infrastructure
Experience working in dynamic, high growth environments
Fundamental understanding of IT Security techniques and practices
Experience driving small to medium sized projects
Cool Things to Know

Not Just Any Company: Alkami has an awesome diverse and inclusive environment. We have a FUN culture and offer great benefits. Did you know every Alkamist has ownership in Alkami? We also have on and off site employee events and activities.
Free Lunch: Who said there is no free lunch? At Alkami, every day we offer free lunch
Relocation: Unfortunately we don't offer relocation assistance. We are ready for you to contribute from our super cool Plano, TX location.
Work Authorization: We cannot offer employer sponsorship at this time; candidates must be eligible to work in the US for full-time employment.
Recruiters: We are not looking for outside recruiting firms to help us in this search— we know who you are and we love you, but we don’t need you right now.

The Important Stuff

Alkami Technology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Prohibits Discrimination and Harassment of Any Kind: Alkami is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Alkami are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Alkami will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Alkami encourages applicants of all ages.
