Job DescriptionEpsilon is seeking a qualified Sr. Business Systems Analyst (Sr. BSA). The Sr. BSA is expected to participate in all parts of the SDLC/ Agile process. The Sr. BSA is also expected to fully understand the overall solution and work with the client and development teams to ensure the build solution is implemented effectively and efficiently. The Sr. BSA will work closely with the Project Manager, Development Team and Client Services Team to understand the client's wants and needs and translate those into workable solutions from both the perspective of the client as well as the Development team and the Account management team. The Sr. BSA will ensure that the data systems and processes that Epsilon manages support the strategic objectives.Responsibilities:* Participate in and help to coordinate all phases of the software development lifecycle for data, technology and marketing deliverables* Gathering and managing requirements and business rules, translating those into operational specs and project tasks, and ensuring all requirements are reflected in every stage of documentation as well as in the solution throughout development and implementation* Expected to take a leadership role in internal and external meetings, identify and communicate project related risks to the technology team and client, and communicate with the client/ client services team to manage expectations and resolve issues* Manage and maintain all project documentation, including creating test plans and developing quality assurance methodologies* Leading the client in user acceptance testing and escalating issues to other team members where necessary* Review other BSA deliverables and ensure all documentation complies with standards* Expected to thoroughly understand the marketing database data model, specifically those tables/attributes that support marketing program execution and measurementBackground/Skills Required:* 5+ years BSA experience in marketing or technology or equivalent experience* Strong analytical and problem solving skills* Testing, especially as it relates to files and data migration and conversion* BSA generalist skills - requirements analysis, use cases, functional specs, test cases, client interaction/client service, etc.* Expected to understand flat file processing, ETL processes, relational databases, and SQL (experience with Oracle a plus) with the ability to recognize any new data implications to support the marketing program* Strong project management skills with the ability to prioritize deliverables* Strong analytical and problem solving skills* Detail oriented with the ability to see the big picture and plan accordingly* Excellent written and verbal communication skills and strong client services delivery is a must* Direct marketing and CRM background a plus
