Energize your career with one of Healthcares fastest growing companies.

You dream of a great career with a great company where you can make an impact and help people. We dream of giving you the opportunity to do just this. And with the incredible growth of our business, its a dream that definitely can come true. Already one of the worlds leading Healthcare companies, UnitedHealth Group is restlessly pursuing new ways to operate our service centers, improve our service levels and help people lead healthier lives. We live for the opportunity to make a difference and right now, we are living it up.

This opportunity is with one of our most exciting business areas: Optum a growing part of our family of companies that make UnitedHealth Group a Fortune 6 leader.

Optum helps nearly 60 million Americans live their lives to the fullest by educating them about their symptoms, conditions and treatments; helping them to navigate the system, finance their healthcare needs and stay on track with their health goals. No other business touches so many lives in such a positive way. And we do it all with every action focused on our shared values of Integrity, Compassion, Relationships, Innovation & Performance.

Here, your performance, your ideas, your unique analysis will combine with a rich assortment of contributors to understand and shape the health care system. At UnitedHealth Group, you'll work with a team that has the creativity and passion to help build new health care solutions that meet emerging market needs. You'll get the opportunity to work with an elite team that goes beyond the usual analysis, they dig deeper knowing our goal is nothing short of transforming health care. Does the challenge of utilizing your analytical abilities on vital projects towards a larger strategic mission excite you?

As a Business Data Analyst, you'll have the opportunity to provide data analysis to support, compile and report key information for operations and business objectives. This is a position that affords you the ability to drive processes and improvement initiatives. By gathering and documenting business requirements and utilizing your sharp analytical skills to fulfill the needs of the business and/or clients, you will have an impact on healing the health care system. Some people would call you a data geek, but at UnitedHealth Group that passion turned into information is used for decisions made by leadership. This is a challenging role that creates an opportunity to grow and develop while doing your life's best work.(sm)


Primary Responsibilities:
Gather and document business requirements
Analyze and interpret data to identify trends, patterns and opportunities for the business and clients
Communicate analysis and interpretation to appropriate audience
Produce, publish and distribute scheduled and ad - hoc client and operational reports relating to the development and performance of products, processes and technologies
Leading the member communications implementation internally with business partners and externally with print vendor(s)
New client implementation and existing client implementations to include but is not limited to template builds, automated data - file set - up, QA of set - up, and testing
Collaborate with business and technical stakeholders to identify specific business requirements
Develop process documentation, flows, etc.
Research and assess impact of any member communication issues
Address and resolve any issues discovered by client and / or internally with leadership support
Create, QA and deliver reporting as required by client, including standard and adhoc reports
Complete QA requirements accurately and timely
Request updated system functionality to support CMS guidance
Investigates non-standard requests and problems, with some assistance from others
Prioritizes and organizes own work to meet deadlines
Provides explanations and information to others on topics within area of expertise
Identify capability gaps between current state and desired state
Youll be rewarded and recognized for your performance in an environment that will challenge you and give you clear direction on what it takes to succeed in your role as well as provide development for other roles you may be interested in.

Required Qualifications:
Associate's Degree (or higher) in Technology area, Business, Finance, or related field
2+ years of experience in business analysis
Experience gathering requirements from the client / business and documenting
Intermediate level of proficiency with PC based software programs: Microsoft Excel (ability to edit, create and save spreadsheets), Microsoft PowerPoint (ability to edit, create and save presentations), and Microsoft Access (database management
Experience in analysis of business process and workflow and providing an evaluation, benchmark and / or process improvement recommendations
Healthcare experience
Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree (or higher) in Business, Finance, Health Administration, related field or equivalent work experience
Healthcare technology experience
Soft Skills:

Ability to communicate analysis including trends and opportunities to clients and the business in writing and verbally
Ability to problem solve including multiple priorities and research conflicting and / or inaccurate data
Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make the health system work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health - related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.SM

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Keywords: Customer Service, Healthcare, Health Care, Business Analyst
