Who we are

Collaborative.
Respectful. A place to dream and do. These are just a few words that describe
what life is like at Toyota. As one of the world’s most admired brands, Toyota
is growing and leading the future of mobility through innovative, high-quality
solutions designed to enhance lives and delight those we serve. We’re looking
for diverse, talented team members who want to Dream. Do. Grow. with us.
Who we’re looking for

The Toyota Financial Services Corporate
Finance Department is looking for a highly motivated and
qualified Product Portfolio Senior Analyst to support its objectives.

Reporting to the Manager, Financial Product Portfolio the Senior Analyst is positioned at the intersection of the Automotive and Financial markets
and uses this knowledge to help the team plan, analyze and measure performance
of Toyota Financial Services’ Balance Sheet, its Product Driven profit and loss,
and other Business Key Performance Indicators. The role collaborates with Departments across the organization to
develop and model key assumptions into the Financial Plan such as Origination
Volume and Pricing, Debt Funding and Interest Rate Hedging, and Credit and Residual
Value Losses. The Senior Financial Analyst will also utilize their business
knowledge and subject matter expertise to help gather and analyze data on a
wide-ranging variety of topics and communicate findings to Senior Leadership to
enable data-driven decision making.

What you’ll be doing
Collaborates
with Departments (Sales, Treasury, Risk, Debt Management) across the
organization to develop financial forecasts of TFS’ Earning Assets, Debt,
Derivatives, and Deferred Tax Liabilities on the Balance Sheet and Revenue,
Interest Expense, Credit Losses, and Residual Value Losses on the Income
Statement
Produces
short-range and long-range planning deliverables (Annual Plan, Long-Range Plan,
Quarterly Forecasts, Monthly look ahead, etc.)
Provides
current condition updates through the monitoring of actual-to-expected results,
and plan versus prior plan results and investigates and communicates
differences
Stays
abreast of systemic and specific market conditions driving TFS performance
(Economy, Overall Financial Markets, Credit Markets and Interest Rates, New and
Used Auto Sales, Toyota Performance)
Challenges
assumptions, validates rationale, and identifies risks and opportunities in
forecast scenarios. Integrates multiple views and perspectives into a
consistent forecast narrative and clarifies complex and involved situations for
Executive level communication
Provides
ad hoc financial support for Executive Leadership and other Business Units
Brings fresh
perspectives and thinking to improve Group’s processes and content and utilizes
technology (SAS, R, Tableau, VBA) to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness
of departmental processes and content
What you bring
Four-year college degree (BA or BS) or higher in Finance and/or Economics or other quantitatively analytical field such as Math, Statistics, Engineering or Computer Science
Progressive finance/business experience at a reputable firm(s) including solid financial, analytical and computer skills
Demonstrated expert proficiency in Financial Modeling
Experience with Excel
Experience running and writing queries and analyzing large amounts of data
SQL language experience
Added bonus if you have
MBA or CFA
Experience with analytical and visualization tools (i.e. SAS, R, Tableau or similar)
What we’ll bring

During your interview process, our team can fill you in on all the details of our industry-leading benefits and career development opportunities. A few highlights include:
A work environment built on teamwork, flexibility and respect
Professional growth and development programs to help advance your career, as well as tuition reimbursement
Vehicle purchase & lease programs
Comprehensive health care and wellness plans for your entire family
Flextime and virtual work options (if applicable)
Toyota 401(k) Savings Plan featuring a company match, as well as an annual retirement contribution from Toyota regardless of whether you contribute
Paid holidays and paid time off
Referral services related to prenatal services, adoption, child care, schools and more
Flexible spending accounts
Relocation assistance (if applicable)
What you should know

Our success begins and ends with our people. We embrace diverse perspectives and value unique human experiences. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer that celebrates the diversity of the communities where we live and do business. Applicants for our positions are considered without regard to race, ethnicity, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, religion, military or veteran status, or any other characteristics protected by law.

Have a question or need assistance with your application? Check out the How to Apply section of our careers page on Toyota.com

To save time applying, Toyota does not offer sponsorship of job applicants for employment-based visas or any other work authorization for this position at this time

#LI-TMNA
