▶Who we are
Imagine working in a place where continuous improvement and innovation is celebrated and rewarded; where fast-paced, high-impact teams come together to positively drive results for one of the largest & most iconic brands in the world.
As the only rapidly growing retailer, you may know us as your friendly neighborhood store. You probably know our familiar name, have seen our pervasive logo, and have tried our highly sought-after products, such as Slurpee® and Big Bite®. “Brain Freeze” is a 7-Eleven registered trademark for our 53-year old Slurpee® and with over 67,000 stores globally (more than any other retailer or food service provider), we sell over 14 million a month.
But there’s a lot more to our story and much more left to be written. We are transforming our business, ensuring we are customer obsessed and digitally enabled to seamlessly link our brick and mortar stores with digital products and services.
At 7-Eleven the entrepreneurial spirit is in our DNA and has been ever since our inception 90+ years ago. It’s what drove us to invent the convenience industry in 1927 by envisioning how a simple ice dock could provide household staples such as milk and eggs to better serve the needs of our customers.
Today we are redefining convenience and the customer experience in big ways...we are fundamentally changing our culture and we want talented, innovative, customer obsessed, and entrepreneurial people like you to come make history with us.
▶How we lead
At 7-Eleven we are guided by our Leadership Principles.
Be Customer Obsessed
Be Courageous with Your Point of View
Challenge the Status Quo
Act Like an Entrepreneur
Have an “It Can Be Done” Attitude
Do the Right Thing
Be Accountable
Each principle has a defined set of behaviors which help guide the 7-Eleven team to Serve Customers and Support Stores.
▶About This Opportunity
The Sr. Supply Chain Analyst will support advanced financial analysis, be a liaison to merchandising and operations support, and focus on driving improvements to supply chain performance.

The analyst will provide sales forecasts for new and promotional items in order to optimize inventory levels.
Manage performance, reporting & analytics initiatives.
Monitor weekly & monthly performance management initiatives.
Serve as team lead & supervisor for other analysts that track metrics.
Review weekly & monthly reports on financials performance of logistics partners - provide insights and corrective actions.
Communicate performance objectives & progress to managers & leaders within SEI.
Provide detailed insights on key analytics & reports in order to drive improvements through the supply chain.
Understand trends of key business indicators and determine actions required to improve the underlying business drivers.
Responsible for supporting and acting on Supply chain, demand chain & logistics related reporting & analytics.
Help define targets and benchmarks for departmental metrics.
Keep up with Industry best practices & benchmarks in order to help improve metrics, analytics & insights.
Manage and Control Supply Chain financial Reporting.
Have the ability to pull data, review financial performance, and recommend improvements.
Identify and Implement Controls to better control costs and identify performance issues.
Ensure all documentation for reporting & analytics processes are current.
Serve as a SME for SEI analytics systems.
Offer leadership to other analysts on training & creating other internal experts.
Manage Analytics, Metrics, & Forecasting.
Support special cross-functional projects for performance improvements.
Manage third parties vendors, consultants to help accomplish objectives related to improvements.
Provide forecasts for new and promotional items in parternship with merchandising.
Monitor sales and inventory levels of new and promotional items to ensure fill rate objectives are met.
Lead effective problem solving and continuous improvement projects.
Provide thought leadership on Forecasting functions and improvements.
Manage distribution fee analytics and assign fees for items.
Work with merchandising to understand cost impact.
Assign items to the appropriate supply chain channel to store.
Identify and communicate the appropriate cost structure.
Manage small to meduim sized analytics projects within the Logistics and Demand Chain department.
Support efforts to roll out new technologies & analytics tools to help improve Logistics processes.

Education: Bachelors/4 Year Degree.
Experience: 5 to 10 Yrs, Supply Chain, Forecasting, Financial Management.
Experience with performance management, benchmarking, Supply Chain management & logistics.
Experience with contract management is preferred.
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Excel, working knowledge of Powerpoint/Access, effective communication skills; VBA experience preferred.
Strong analytical skills, interpersonal skills, project management skills, leadership & advanced communication.
#LI-KM1
