Participates in the design, implementation and administration of compensation, pay grade and salary administration programs. Provides compensation analysis, benchmarking, reporting, and problem solving in support of those programs. Participates in compensation surveys and conducts ad-hoc benchmarking and market research. Oversees Incentive Compensation and Stock programs.

Job Responsibilities
Conducts rigorous analysis of multiple and complex data sources to create various compensation models. Scenarios may include predictive analytics to identify future trends and risk. Asks well-informed questions to diagnose problems/needs
Partners with department managers to write and revise job descriptions for new and existing positions and to respond to compensation inquiries
Recommends, conducts and participates in assigned salary surveys in order to understand competitive compensation levels across the company.
Applies advanced knowledge of compensation strategy to solve complex problems and develop original solutions
Completes job evaluation studies and ensure that job descriptions on file are current, complete and accurate meeting all FLSA regulations
Conducts job evaluations, with capability to determine FLSA classification
Works closely with cross-functional teams to implement improvements related to Compensation and cross-functional processes
Ensures compliance with applicable regulations governing compensation programs
Assists in the administration of incentive compensation and equity aware programs
Bachelor’s Degree in Business, Human Resources or a related field is required
3-5 years of relevant experience in compensation analysis and evaluation
Experience with creating salary structures including salary grades and ranges
Advanced proficiency with Excel
Strong attention to detail, analytical capabilities, and organizational skills
Exceptional written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills
Exceptional presentation skills
Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) certification - completion or working towards completion preferred
TBK Bank, SSB, a subsidiary of Triumph Bancorp, Inc. (Nasdaq: TBK), is a Texas-state savings bank headquartered in Dallas, Texas.

We offer consumer and commercial banking products from our 18 branches throughout eastern Iowa and Illinois and 34 branches throughout Colorado and western Kansas. We also offer deposit products through our Dallas branch. Our lending capabilities include commercial real estate, mortgage warehouse lending and other general business lending.

Through our Triumph Commercial Finance division, we offer asset based lending, equipment finance, legered lines of credit and insurance premium financing throughout the United States. We also offer discount factoring through our Triumph Business Capital subsidiary and insurance through our Triumph Insurance Group subsidiary.
