One Company…Many Careers!

State Farm Investment Planning Services (IPS) is seeking a Quantitative Analyst - Asset Allocation Analyst in its State Farm Investment Management unit (SFIM). Reporting to the head of SFIM, you will provide quantitative research and asset allocation analysis in support of State Farm's newly-created Advisory model portfolios. Under the guidance of the team lead, you will lead the development and enhancement of SFIM quantitative processes and infrastructure for asset allocation (strategic/tactical), capital market assumptions (development/management), portfolio construction and risk management of State Farm Advisory model portfolios. In this position, you will also support the formation of investment outlook, content and advisor/agent education; supporting the quantitative due diligence and fiduciary oversight responsibilities of various IPS investment/product platforms. Some travel to SF Agent offices and conferences nationwide may be required for this role. When not traveling, this person will work from State Farm's Dallas office.

A Day In The Life Of A/An Quantitative Analyst - Asset Allocation Analyst - req12615
Develops and maintains Strategic & Tactical Asset Allocation for State Farm Advisory Model Portfolios by evaluating various inputs: capital market assumptions (CMAs), relative value between asset classes, portfolio optimization, Monte Carlo simulation, factor modeling, return/risk attribution, and current market conditions
Collaborates with team lead(s) to complete asset allocation and portfolio construction research projects including fundamental, quantitative, and statistical analysis of asset classes in order to provide analytical support in the development and enhancement of State Farm Advisory model portfolios
Serves as subject matter resource on investment models, systems and software (i.e. proprietary and 3rd party)
Lead/support in the generation and maintenance of SFIM investment reports, data sets, performance reporting (i.e. SF models) and broader analytical infrastructure
Collaborates with team members and internal IPS departments to execute SFIM & IPS publications and collaterals on a periodic (i.e. weekly, monthly, quarterly) and ad hoc basis
Engages with internal stakeholders and external audiences representing Advisory solutions and views, including meetings (agents, prospects, customers) and presentations (seminars, webinars, etc.)
Office Location (Dallas, TX) …where we work hard AND play hard!

At State Farm, we also offer a wide array of development opportunities and a bright, fresh work environment at CityLine DFW.

http://citylinedfw.com/about/

Our campus is conveniently located near the local transit and we have several restaurants on campus.

We Are Looking for Candidates With

Required Skills /Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree is required.
3+ years of experience in asset management and/or wealth management (i.e. Asset Allocation, Portfolio Management, or Research capacity).
3+ years of direct experience in or related to multi-asset portfolio management, asset allocation and/or quantitative investment research.
3+ years of direct experience in designing, implementing and testing quantitative models for multi-asset investment portfolios.
Meaningful knowledge/direct experience in at least three of the following areas is required: strategic/tactical asset allocation formation; capital market assumption development; portfolio optimization methods; factor risk/return modeling; Monte Carlo simulation. Knowledge of insurance products/industry is a plus.
Detailed knowledge of securities including but not limited to stocks, bonds, mutual funds, ETFs, SMAs, alternative investments, and options strategies.
Solid knowledge of investment advisory business including advisory program types.
A self-starter with the ability to own initiatives and work in a dynamic/”start-up”-like team environment.
Completion of or progress towards the CFA charter or comparable designation or a commitment to obtain the CFA in the future.
FINRA Series 7 and 66 required, or will be required to achieve registrations in a short period of time of hire.
Preferred Qualifications / requirements
Master's degree in finance, economics, mathematics, financial engineering or a related quantitative field is preferred.
3+ years of direct experience with third-party investment and risk management systems/tools. (i.e. MSCI Barra, Bloomberg, Morningstar Direct, etc).
2+ years of experience in investment strategy/manager due diligence, open architecture and oversight of traditional and alternative investment strategies
Programming skills desirable: C++, Python, Matlab, etc. Proven ability to develop complex data models in Excel preferred.
What You Can Expect
Next Steps: Competitive candidates may be invited to participate in the interview process. This is where the excitement begins!
Applicants are required to be eligible to lawfully work in the U.S. immediately; employer will not sponsor applicants for U.S. work authorization (e.g. H-1B visa) for this opportunity
What's In It For You
Competitive Benefits, Pay and Bonus Potential: Who doesn't want money, right?
Volunteer opportunities: Get involved and give back to the community!
Tuition Reimbursement: We support opportunities for you to learn and grow!
A Learning Culture: Mentoring, Professional Designations, Employee Development, and more!
401k Plan and FULLY FUNDED PENSION: Yes, both. This is kind of a BIG deal!
Dress Code: We trust our employees to dress for their day. That's right, we trust you...
We embrace Diversity and Inclusion: We are one team and it is simply the right thing to do!
Learn more about our benefits at State Farm Careers!
We are not just offering a job but a meaningful career! We're here to help life go right®

Come join our passionate team!

Employment Type:
Regular Full-Time

Shift:
First

Weekends:
Not Required

#LI-SB1

SFARM

PM18

PI121335792
