Job Description:

Summary

Performs moderately complex analyses of business goals, objectives and needs, and the general business environment to align information technology solutions with business initiatives. Acts as liaison between technical personnel and non-technical personnel.

Essential Job Functions
Plans, designs and recommends business processes to improve and support business activities.
Analyzes and documents client's business requirements and processes and communicates these requirements by constructing conceptual data and process models, including data dictionaries and volume estimates from organization.
Creates test scenarios and develops test plans to be used in testing the business applications in order to verify that client requirements are incorporated in to the system design. Assists in analyzing testing results throughout the project.
Provides input into developing and modifying systems to meet client needs and develops business specifications to support these modifications.
Facilitates meetings with clients to gather and document requirements and explore potential solutions.
Assists in coordinating business analyst tasks on information technology projects and provide support to other team members.
Assists in analyzing testing results in all phases.
Participates in technical reviews and inspections to verify 'intent of change' is carried out through the entire project.
Assists in providing time estimates for project related tasks.
Assists with developing the methods and procedures required to identify whether current business goals and objectives meet organizational needs.
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience
Bachelor's degree in business administration, information systems, or related field preferred
Six or more years of business analysis experience
Experience working with the interface of information technology with functional groups within an organization
Experience working with business processes and re-engineering
Experience working with computer programming concepts and basic language
Other Qualifications
Interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team members
Good communication skills
Good analytical and problem solving skills
Presentation skills to present to management and customers
Personal computer and business solutions software skills
Good ability to work in a team environment with multiple team members
Willingness to travel
Work Environment
Office environment
