State:
Texas

City:
Irving

Interest:
Post Closing-12309

External Description:

Caliber Home Loans, Inc. is one of the nation's fastest-growing mortgage lenders. We didn't move into the fast lane because of clever marketing campaigns or flashy television ads -- our talented employees worked hard to help us rise to the top of our industry.

Here at Caliber, we've replaced the stereotypical corporate culture with a casual "dress for your day"work atmosphere that promotes creativity and a collaborative environment that allows our team members to thrive.

POSITION SUMMARY

The Senior Business Analyst fulfills analyst activities specific to their department that are found in a traditional software development and process engineering organization. This role is responsible for leading discrete projects that are focused on creating efficiency within the organization through process improvement or enhancing technology systems.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Work with the departmental managers to understand the current processes and systems.
Conduct time-in-motion studies and facilitate focus group sessions to identify areas within the process or system that require improvement.
Recommend process changes/system modifications to streamline and automate a business process.
Work with the development team to design, test, implement, and maintain updates within company databases and applications necessary to streamline/automate a business process.
Define high-level goals and road map associated with their project.
Identify and analyze the risks associated with achieving the milestones for a project. Develop risk mitigation strategies.
Work with Deployment Manager to organize and execute pre-deployment user acceptance testing that is specific to the project.
Assist the corporate training group in the creation of training documentation and programs that are focused on building consistency and proficiency within a process.
Facilitate/present the initial training sessions for a particular process.
Ensure the management and training for a particular process is effectively transitioned back to the business after the completion of a project.
Communicate status of the project to senior management.
Serve as the single point of contact for project related issues that need to be escalated to senior management for resolution.
Data validation and report development
REQUIREMENTS
Bachelor's degree or equivalent.
Over 5 years of experience in Mortgage industry.
Proficiency in defining business problems and proposing solutions.
Product, Process and Industry Knowledge.
Expert skills in Microsoft Excel, including the ability to utilize the following functions: V-Lookup, H-Lookup, Concatenating formulas, Conditional formatting, and Pivot Tables
Bachelor's degree in Business, Economics or related field a plus
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
Must be proactive and solutions oriented business professional with the ability to interface with all levels of management across business units and functions.
Our employees demonstrate the Caliber Ways of Work (WOWS) every day through:
Collaborating Contagiously
Caring Fiercely
Doing the Right Thing
Leading Thoughtfully
Caliber benefits and perks will WOW you!

Our benefits package includes: comprehensive medical, dental, and vision insurance, short-term and long-term disability, 401(k),10 employer paid holidays, as well as numerous employee discount programs.

We are proud to be a military friendly employer, and provide paid leave during military assignments for employees who serve in the Guard or Reserve.

Employees who work at our Coppell headquarters experience additional perks that include: standing desks, complimentary coffee and tea stations, an on-site gym and activities center with ping-pong and pool tables, and an in-house café.

Caliber is an equal opportunity employer.

Alternate Locations:
