Job Description


Job #: 1071315

Develops and leads programs, initiatives for data quality, governance, and metadata activities.

Develops tools and processes used to maintain a common, firm-wide data standard.

Analyzes, assesses and tests data controls and data systems to ensure quality and risk compliance standards are met.

May define strategic requirements, roadmap, or direction for metadata capabilities. Drive analysis and assessment approach during issue remediation life cycle.

Supports and interacts with various functions and groups on multi-domain remediation efforts.

Leverages domain expertise and data / business / process analysis to inform and support solution design.

May drive planning and coordination on low to medium sized remediation efforts, acting as central point of contact.

May provide inputs into communication routines with stakeholders, business partners, and senior leaders.

5+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: data management, data governance, data quality or data analysis

**Must have Auto Loan Servicing Experience**

EEO Employer

Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
