Nokia is a global leader in the technologies that connect people and things. With state-of-the-art software, hardware and services for any type of network, Nokia is uniquely positioned to help communication service providers, governments, and large enterprises deliver on the promise of 5G, the Cloud and the Internet of Things.

Serving customers in over 100 countries, our research scientists and engineers continue to invent and accelerate new technologies that will increasingly transform the way people and things communicate and connect.

Nokia is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity and inclusion.

At Nokia, employment decisions are made regardless of race, color, national or ethnic origin, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, marital status, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law.

Our Nokia Information Technology organization is looking for an CMDB & Service Catalog Data Analyst.

Role:



The CMDB & Service Catalog Data Analyst is accountable and responsible for creation, development, and maintenance of Nokia IT ServiceNOW based Configuration Management Data Base (CMDB) and Service Catalog (UPM-X). He/She will ensure information from across the IT ecosystem is represented in a cohesive a complete CMDB that supports Nokia’s IT Service Management operations impact assessment and decision-making ability.

He/she, together with the Configuration & Service Catalog Manager, Configuration & Service Catalog management Design Specialists, and IT Service Owners, will support maintaining Nokia’s IT CMDB for use in the end-to-end solution, program/project delivery, and ongoing service management operations. This responsibility includes definition, modification and addition to the data model, implementing Configuration Items (CI’s) and relationship changes to the CMDB repositories directly, data analysis and reporting, and process support.

He/she, in conjunction with IT stakeholders and Configuration Manager, will help make CMDB data model and tool decisions.

The CMDB & Service Catalog Data Analyst may also assist the Configuration Manager and CMDB & Service Catalog Data Specialists in their day-to-day configuration management change activities.

Main Responsibilities :
Maintain and build a coherent and accurate CMDB and Service Catalog.
Has a good understanding of IT Service Management and can interpret the requirements and requests raised by Service Owners that then get incorporated into CMDB and the Service Catalog.
Analyses IT landscape requirements and translates them to the technical requirements, specs, and solution proposal for Nokia’s CMDB and then implements them.
Writes requirements, specifications and other guiding documentation from technical area point of view for Nokia’s CMDB, and ensures it is understood by all stakeholders interfacing to the CMDB.
Analyzes and interprets complex digital data, its relationship to other data sets, and draws conclusions that can then be shared to both technical and non-technical teams to support data-based decisions.
Supports Configuration Manager in day-to-day activities to implement changes to the CMDB as well as supporting assurance on quality of CMDB content.
Participates and coordinates CMDB data audits with Service Owners.
Active CMDB status accounting through dashboarding and trend analysis.
Actively participates in the Continual Service Improvement (CSI) for Configuration Management.
Key Competencies:
At least 3 years of experience in CMDB & auto-discovery.
Familiarity of ServiceNOW administration, transformation concepts, and underlying data mechanisms.
Familiarity with ServiceNOW dashboards and reporting.
Familiarity with how DBMS operate and the ability to manipulate and create data within.
Strong fundamentals in data analytics.
Good understanding of Enterprise level IT environments with factual and theoretical knowledge to identify and retrieve information.
Experience in ITIL process management
Bachelor’s degree in engineering, Computer Science or related field from recognized university or equivalent
Highly independent and self-directed individual capable of working with minimal supervision
Has a broadly "agile" mindset, applying approaches as Agile, Scrum and DevOps to deliver IT projects/programs.
Show a dedication to learning, taking initiative, teaching others, and welcome feedback.
Fluent in written and spoken English
Nice to Have:
Knowledgeable of UPM-X, Power BI
ITIL V3 foundation certification
Familiarity with cloud computing/edge clouds as we hope to populate our CMDB with Nokia IT Cloud environments
Familiarity with ServiceNOW CSDM
Working knowledge of IT asset management
Software programming languages. Javascript, Python. Experience with ServiceNOW Glide API a big plus.
ServiceNOW Certifications in Administration, App developer a plus.
Database Administration Certification

Apply now.
