Quadratic, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Richards Group, provides advanced analytics, digital analytics, data solutions, and relationship marketing services to more than 100 brands across a wide range of verticals.

We’re searching for a decision sciences analyst who shares our passion for data, analysis, modeling, learning, and continuous improvement. Like all team members, this person must be incredibly curious, empathetic, sincere, hardworking, and a problem-solver. Quadratic requires a healthy balance between thinking and doing, between attention to detail and
outside-the-box thinking. Our clients’ needs are constantly evolving, and they count on us to help them move forward.

Analysts in decision sciences apply knowledge and passion to solve math, business, and/or technology problems for clients, helping them make better, faster decisions. Experience working across a range of mathematics techniques (from linear algebra to statistical modeling to machine learning) is a prerequisite for success. You will work with enterprise, digital, marketing, economic, and research data in a collaborative environment, determining which approach has the most merit given the problem at hand. Bayesian inference, SEM, MCMC, gradient boosting, clustering, SVM, or the implementation of deep learning algorithms could all be part of a single day’s work.

The ideal candidate will have fluency in statistical and functional languages (R, Python, Julia, etc.) and maybe have a little Java, Assembly, or C++ in their toolkit.
Responsibilities
Use data analytics software (SQL, SAS, R, etc.) to clean and organize large data sets to be used in analyses
Design, diagnose, and deploy statistical models to analyze and interpret data using a statistical software package such as R, SAS, or Stata
Conduct fuzzy matching, data standardization, and data appends to structure and augment data for use in analysis
Create additional data sets via web scraping (e.g., via Python)
Design surveys and analyze, interpret, and present insights along with recommended action items (e.g., SurveyMonkey, Sawtooth)
Process large data sets and develop workflow automations (e.g., through the use of Alteryx)
Develop test plans in conjunction with media teams to support campaign objectives
Perform ad hoc quantitative analysis to answer unique and challenging business questions
Adapt and learn to help answer the question at hand in the best way possible
Effectively present analytical methods and results to internal stakeholders and clients with varying levels of technical expertise
Requirements
Undergraduate degree in statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related quantitative field; master’s degree preferred
Two or more years of professional experience preferred
Three or more years of building and implementing statistical and/or machine learning models (OLS, logistic regression, mixed modeling, time series, XGBoost, neural networks, etc.)
Advanced level of experience in at least one data statistical software package and data manipulation platform (R, Python, Julia, SQL, Alteryx)
Knowledge of common marketing analytics techniques such as media mix models, multivariate testing, A/B testing, segmentation, and/or attribution algorithms
Data visualization experience through tools such as Tableau or Power BI
Highly organized, with the ability to manage multiple projects in a fast-paced environment
Ability to work independently and within a team structure to discuss methodology, results, and recommendations
Ability to present findings and recommendations in a clear and compelling way
Ability to creatively solve problems and understand the implications of new information on current client
