Posting Details

Posting Number S02300P
Position Title Business Systems Analyst - CRM (S02300P)
Department CFO and Vice President
Location Arlington
Job Family Business Technology
Position Status Full-time
Work Hours Standard
Work Schedule

Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm.
Occasional work required on weekends, evenings or holidays. Occasional travel required
Open to External and Internal
FLSA
Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience.
Duration Funding expected to continue
Pay Basis Monthly
Benefits Eligible Yes
Job Summary

The Business Analyst’s primary objective is helping the University implement a Constituent (Customer) Relationship Management (CRM) solutions in a cost-effective way by determining the requirements of the program, communicating them clearly to stakeholders, facilitators and partners, and implementing the requirements into the selected CRM technology. This position develops technical solutions to business problems by defining, analyzing and documenting requirements. Works on most phases of systems analysis with some guidance while considering the business implications of the application of technology to the current and future business environment. Specific job requirements or physical location of some positions allocated to this classification may render the position security sensitive and thereby subject to the provisions of Section 51.215 Texas Education Code. Must have or obtain a valid Texas driver’s license.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Business Case & Scope of Work: Under general direction, formulates and defines system’s scope and objectives based on each user needs and a good understanding of applicable business systems and industry requirements. Business Process Review: Devises or modifies procedures to solve complex problems considering computer equipment and tools capacity and limitations, operating time and desired results. Requirements Gathering & Specification: Analyzes business and user needs, documents requirements, and translates data into proper system requirement specifications. Outcomes Definition & Management: Works with stakeholders in defining desired outcomes, assigning success measures, creating test cases to prove achievability of outcome attainment prior to go-live, and measurement of outcomes post-implementation. Implementation: Develops expertise in the selected CRM technology and implement requirements to satisfy constituents needs.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in one of the following areas: computer technology, business management, information management, engineering or computer systems. Three plus (3+) years of support and analysis experience; or the equivalent experience. A strong understanding and application of assessing project, business and/or program requirements and developing technical solutions is needed. Working knowledge of preparing test cases for technology alignment, and the ability to convert the requests from business users and management into a workable solution to present to technology staff. Strong MS Office skills (Word, Excel) are required. Excellent organization, teamwork, problem solving, presentation, customer service and communication (verbal and written) skills. Ability to work well with all organizational levels.
Preferred Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree in any of the areas above and/or IT Certification in Business Analysis with seven plus (7+) years of developing business requirements and test case scenarios. Experience working with VP and C-Level executives. Experience in Higher Education. Experience in the following areas: Constituent (Customer) Relationship Management (CRM) systems implementation, (Slate, Sales Force, Oracle, etc.), database development and implementation, project management and Agile development.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:
Excellent understanding of information technology. Demonstrated capability for creating success measures and test cases. Excellent organizational skills.
Strong problem-solving and risk management skills. Excellent written and verbal communications skills. Excellent interpersonal and customer relationship skills. Excellent Business Process Management skills. Issue isolation and option generation. Conflict resolution skills.
Working Conditions
Special Conditions for Eligibility
EEO Statement

UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus.

Number of Vacancies 2
Desired Start Date
Open Date
Review Start Date
Open Until Filled
