Read what people are saying about working here. 

Summary

Posted: Feb 5, 2019

Weekly Hours: 40

Role Number: 200019683

Play a part in the ongoing AI revolution that is redefining human-computer interactions. Solve some of the most challenging problems in Artificial Intelligence and NLP applied to international languages. Create cutting edge Deep Learning and NLP technologies and deploy them on a global scale. Shape the advancement of our multi-lingual, multi-cultural voice assistant used by millions around the world. Join Siri International at Apple.

Key Qualifications

Strong understanding of statistical theory and applications. Strong knowledge and hands-on experience with Machine Learning and/or Big Data techniques (Spark, Pig, Hive) is a big plus.

Exceptional coding skills and experience with at least one high-level programming language (Python, Java or equivalent).

Proven record of 3+ years of experience conducting Data Science projects. Experience performing investigations on large scale datasets is a big plus.

Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance in a fast-paced dynamic environment.

Ability to communicate the results in a clear and effective manner with product and leadership teams to influence the overall strategy of the product.

Attention to detail.

Description

We are looking for highly motivated Data Scientists with a strong background in applied statistics, Machine Learning and large scale data analysis. You will be responsible for generating key insights and data-driven recommendations to improve Siri's user experience in our international markets. You will work closely with Machine Learning and NLP engineers to develop state-of-the-art Deep Learning and NLP technologies that drive Siri's ability to understand users in different languages.

Education & Experience

BS/MS/PhD in CS/Data Science/Mathematics/Statistics or other Scientific field

 This is where you can do the best work of your life. Where you’ll join some of the world’s smartest, most innovative people to create ama...
