MORE ABOUT THIS JOB

CONSUMER AND INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT DIVISION (CIMD)

The Consumer and Investment Management Division includes Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM), Private Wealth Management (PWM) and our Consumer business (Marcus by Goldman Sachs). We provide asset management, wealth management and banking expertise to consumers and institutions around the world. CIMD partners with various teams across the firm to help individuals and institutions navigate changing markets and take control of their financial lives.

PWM

Goldman Sachs Private Wealth Management (PWM) specializes in creating comprehensive wealth management plans for high net worth individuals and families, as well as select institutions, including foundations and endowments. PWM Teams work one-on-one with clients to advise and deliver customized strategies drawn from our deep investment experience, diverse wealth management capabilities and global reach. Our Private Wealth Advisors (PWAs) deliver an unparalleled investment platform inclusive of the full product and service offerings of Goldman Sachs and beyond, which may include tax and estate planning, philanthropic planning and private banking and lending services. As client needs evolve, this close relationship allows the team to offer complementary services and new opportunities by leveraging the resources of Goldman Sachs and beyond.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND QUALIFICATIONS

SUMMARY

Under the general supervision of the Manager, Internal Sales desk, the Business Development Associate will work closely with the Managing Directors and Wealth Advisors to grow the company's client base through outbound calls to potential clients, creating qualified opportunities for Advisor follow up. This position will participate in the development path to grow into a potential Wealth Adviser or Wealth Manager and complete other duties in support of the Dallas team.
Successfully participates in and completes our multi-phase training program
Calls prospective clients and invites them to workshops and events; reserves workshop seats for interested prospects
Through conversations with prospects, obtains basic information in order to determine qualified opportunities
Learns and demonstrates mastery of:
United Capital and the services we provide
Our retirement workshops and the topics they cover
The companies we market to and their basic retirement benefits
What makes a prospective client a fit for our services
Our marketing procedures
Best practices for successfully calling on prospective clients
Consistently meets or exceeds individual productivity targets
Manages schedule and sets appointments for assigned Wealth Adviser(s)
Assists Managing Directors and Wealth Advisers in meeting preparation
Obtains FINRA Series 65 licensure within a 12-month period.
Perform other duties and assignments as needed.
PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS
Ability to sit at desk for prolonged periods of time while initiating focus and concentration
Ability to operate a wide range of office technology, such as operating a multi-line telephone system, computer, copier and fax machine
Ability to read and analyze in a timely manner documents, reports, etc.
Ability to answer phones and communicate with clients and prospects
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree (Preferably in Finance, Business or Economics)
Previous experience and success in high-volume sales or appointment setting preferred
Previous financial services industry experience is preferred
Prior experience with Contact Resource Management software preferred, Salesforce a plus
FINRA Series 65 license a plus
Required Skills & Competencies:
A passion for need-based selling, balancing persistence, persuasiveness and patience
Ability to overcome objections
Self-starter with a positive attitude and professional demeanor
Demonstrates sound judgment
Demonstrates and fosters a sense of urgency and strong commitment to achieving results
Excellent grammar, spelling and phone & email etiquette
Professional and articulate oral and written communication skills, an active listener
Sets high standards of performance for themselves and maintains a consistent and high level of production
Fosters a sense of energy, pride, enthusiasm, ownership and personal commitment to the work
ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHS

ABOUT GOLDMAN SACHSAt Goldman Sachs, we commit our people, capital and ideas to help our clients, shareholders and the communities we serve to grow. Founded in 1869, we are a leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm. Headquartered in New York, we maintain offices around the world. We believe who you are makes you better at what you do. We're committed to fostering and advancing diversity and inclusion in our own workplace and beyond by ensuring every individual within our firm has a number of opportunities to grow professionally and personally, from our training and development opportunities and firmwide networks to benefits, wellness and personal finance offerings and mindfulness programs. Learn more about our culture, benefits, and people at GS.com/careers. We're committed to finding reasonable accommodations for candidates with special needs or disabilities during our recruiting process. Learn more: https://www.goldmansachs.com/careers/footer/disability-statement.html

© The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., 2020. All rights reserved.Goldman Sachs is an equal employment/affirmative action employer Female/Minority/Disability/Veteran/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity
