Overview


From our Dallas corporate headquarters to our clinics and worksite locations, Concentra colleagues remain focused on our driving purpose: to provide superb patient and employer experience by delivering the highest quality healthcare in an efficient, affordable, caring manner. We do this by putting all customers (internal and external) first and by displaying:
A healing focus
A selfless heart
A tireless resolve
Responsibilities


The Business Analyst II responsible for delivering quality customer service and performing daily task management and support. The areas of responsibilities include completion of assigned tasks to integrate acquisitions, implement application software, and maintain existing applications. In addition, they maintain existing documentation for system processes and procedures.

This position must coordinate and communicate with other IS resources who are assigned to support application issues and project tasks. They also work with vendors on application issues and act a liaison between users and vendors to develop requests for additional reports and/or features. This position primarily works independently and routinely interacts with more senior business contacts. Often, the Business Analyst II will be assigned to larger and more complex projects and are subject matter experts for their assigned systems. The Business Analyst II reports to the Lead/Manager.

THE DETAILS
Ensure customer satisfaction by responding in a timely manner to all issues reported to the Help Desk. This support includes, but is not limited to, computer or peripheral hardware and software, network connectivity issues, as well as any systems in use.
Ensure that all issues are logged promptly and accurately with detailed up-to-date information.
Ensure timely escalation of customer problems by documenting the impact to the customer by assigning an appropriate priority and resolution target. Initiate escalation, as appropriate, to ensure management awareness of problems that are severe in nature or that are exceeding documented targets.
Review outstanding issues on a daily basis to assure that troubleshooting and resolutions are current
Recognize potential areas where policies and procedures require change, or where new ones need to be developed, especially regarding future business expansion. Submit recommendations as appropriate.
Participate in relevant information-sharing activities
Monitor and report on any security violations related to the unwarranted access to corporate data
Ensure that all problems are resolved in a timely and efficient manner
Help build team spirit by assisting other staff members and promoting a positive workplace
Maintain awareness of the rapidly changing environment and recommend cost efficient techniques
Recognize potential areas where policies and procedures require change, or where new ones need to be developed, especially regarding future business expansion. Submit recommendations as appropriate
Support the mission and direction of Select Medical and Concentra, both within the Information Services department and throughout the corporation
Create, maintain and update disaster recovery procedures when changes in hardware or applications occur
Ensure all changes comply with change management policies and procedures
Complete any activities, tasks, and projects assigned
Responsible for reporting to and completing work at assigned times
Testing of upgrades and fixes within defined deadlines
Available to provide on call support, as required
Document business processes
Develop status reports
Follow project methodology
This job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Qualifications


EDUCATION/CREDENTIALS
BS or BA degree in Computer Science or in a related field from an accredited college or university or equivalent experience or education
In lieu of an undergraduate degree, the ratio is 1:1 meaning one year of college is equal to one year of directly related experience and vice versa
JOB-RELATED EXPERIENCE
Customarily has at least two or more years of project experience
Customarily has at least two or more years of healthcare experience
Customarily has at least five or more years of IS experience
JOB-RELATED SKILLS/COMPETENCIES
Concentra Core Competencies of Service Mentality, Attention to Detail, Sense of Urgency, Initiative and Flexibility
Ability to make decisions or solve problems by using logic to identify key facts, explore alternatives, and propose quality solutions
Outstanding customer service skills as well as the ability to deal with people in a manner which shows tact and professionalism
The ability to properly handle sensitive and confidential information (including HIPAA and PHI) in accordance with federal and state laws and company policies
Strong ability to work in a team environment, as well as independently when required
Experienced with working in fast-paced and dynamic environment
Must be able to think independently to prioritize work activities
Demonstrate strategic thinking abilities
Requires superior teamwork skills
Strong interpersonal and communication skills a must; ability to read, write, and speak in a professional manner
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills are essential
Must possess a personal sense of urgency
Ability to effectively multi-task and adapt to changing business priorities
Superior customer service skills.
Excellent time management and organizational skills are required.
Excellent attention to detail
Large scale multi-site IS operations experience
PC Hardware and peripheral experience
Knowledge of Microsoft productivity applications
Knowledge of browser-based technology
Understanding of operating systems such as Windows and OS X/iOS
Prevents recurrence of issues by identifying trends and implementing fix
Document business processes
Develop status reports
Follow project methodology
