It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

SUMMARY

The Pharmacy Technician – Business Analyst supports activities in the areas of drug safety, patient care and decision support toward creation and maintenance of the Indian Health Service (IHS), Health Information Technology Systems and Support (HITSS) Systems. This position works with Healthcare Professionals to review prescribed drugs. This position also works with RPMS staff to cleanup drug files to ensure compliance.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Responsible for the integration of CNI Core Competencies into daily functions, including: commitment to integrity, knowledge / quality of work, supporting financial goals of the company, initiative / motivation, cooperation / relationships, problem analysis / discretion, accomplishing goals through organization, positive oral / written communication skills, leadership abilities, commitment to Affirmative Action, reliability / dependability, flexibility and ownership / accountability of actions taken.

Works and communicates with software engineers, clinical specialists and product analysts in the cleanup of drug files that are processed into RPMS.

Collaborates with other health care, business and information technology professionals to analyze, design, implement and evaluate information and communication systems that enhance individual and population health outcomes and improve patient care.

Uses their knowledge of drugs and patient care combined with their understanding of informatics concepts, methods and tools to assess information and knowledge needs of healthcare professionals and patients and develop, implement and refine clinical decision support systems and quality improvement systems.

Verifies patient paperwork related to patient prescriptions for compliance.

Works closely with decision support experts and engineers to develop clinical decision support methods.

Reviews updates to standardized terminologies and updates terminology content where needed.

Maintains customer satisfaction through a combination of meeting performance objectives, frequent communications and developing the relationship so that collaboration and consultative solutions-oriented approaches are possible.

Proactively manages changes in project scope, identifies potential crises and assists with devising contingency plans.

Develops and delivers progress reports such as project metrics and project status.

Responsible for aiding in own self-development by being available and receptive to any training made available by the company.

Plans daily activities within the guidelines of company policy, job description and supervisor’s instruction in such a way as to maximize personal output.

Responsible for keeping own immediate work area in a neat and orderly condition to ensure safety of self and coworkers. Will report any unsafe conditions and/or practices to the appropriate supervisor and human resources. Will immediately correct any unsafe conditions to the best of own ability.

EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED

Bachelor's degree in a related field and a minimum of five (5) years’ relevant experience, or equivalent combination of education / experience. Experience working at a Pharmacy is required. Experience working in a Federal Government environment is preferred. Previous experience working with the Department of Health and Human Services especially with Food and Drug Administration is preferred.

CERTIFICATES / LICENSES / REGISTRATION

Possesses or has the ability to obtain a Public Trust Clearance

JOB SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES

Strong knowledge in reviewing and interacting with an electronic medical record

Knowledge of pharmacy rules and regulations, practices are desired

Pharmacy Technician Certification is preferred

Excellent communication skills

Attention to detail and precision, with a high value on quality

Excellent customer service skills

Excellent communication skills (verbal, written and presentation)

Skilled proficiency in the use of Microsoft Windows and Office programs (i.e., Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, etc.)

Detail-oriented with ability to manage multiple projects and priorities

Solid organizational skills relevant to carrying out day-to-day responsibilities

Ability to work effectively, both independently and in a team environment

LANGUAGE SKILLS

Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.

MATHEMATICAL SKILLS

Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference and volume. Ability to apply concepts of basic algebra and geometry.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.

PHYSICAL DEMANDS

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job. Work is primarily performed in an office environment. Regularly required to sit. Regularly required use hands to finger, handle, or feel, reach with hands and arms to handle objects and operate tools, computer, and/or controls. Required to speak and hear. Occasionally required to stand, walk and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. Must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. Exposed to general office noise with computers printers and light traffic.

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
