Overview

Blue Yonder’s Technical Analyst will be responsible to work with global functional & technical teams under various customer engagements to gather and understand the technical / functional reported issues/problems and drive towards solutions and fixes. Individual will work with regional customers/stakeholders to rollout, support our designed products / solutions to efficiently satisfy business requirements, while balancing complexity to ensure processes are supportable and meet customer satisfaction. After an individual attains expertise with the domain, solution and technology, the associate will have an option to work on customer projects in consulting roles (Deploy) as well

Responsibilities
Act as the initial point of contact for all Blue Yonder TMS Solutions related cases from customers or other internal stakeholders.
Blue Yonder TMS Solution suite installation and configuration including understanding of associated 3rd party components.
Monitoring proactive alerts and driving corrective and preventive actions to ensure solution availability.
Respond to customer inquiries and assist in troubleshooting and resolving challenges.
Understand Technical end to end architecture of a customer´s Blue Yonder TMS solution through early engagement and knowledge transition from the implementation teams
Assist with Technical upgrades and rollouts, by providing assistance on change requests and other technical troubleshooting
Follow ITIL best practices and other Blue Yonder processes for incident, problem and change management and other Deploy & Operate activities
Document resolution steps on Knowledge Articles to promote case deflection.
Work closely with the Blue Yonder TMS Solution Experts for complex issue resolution including Product Development.
Continuous learning on latest Blue Yonder TMS Solutions.
Qualifications

General Skills and Requirements:
0-2 years relevant work experience
If without work experience, the candidate will have completed an internship in the technical field
Education:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering
Master’s Degree in Computer Science or other equivalent technical field highly preferred
Technical Skills:
Hands on expertise in debugging/analyzing code in any of the programming languages (Java/.Net/C++, python, shell scripting, PowerShell)
Cloud (Azure preferred), Log analysis and networking tools (i.e. AppDynamics, Splunk) certification on Azure fundamentals, (will be added advantage)
Working knowledge of Oracle SQL and MS SQL
Experience in supporting MuleSoft, webservices (Rest/SOAP PI) based integrations
Communication:
Excellent verbal and written English language skills
Excellent customer service/phone skills
Excellent technical documentation skills
Personality Fit:
Ability to work calmly under pressure and meet deadlines
Ability to work under guidance from Senior associates and is a team player
Must be self-motivated
Able to work flexible hours, including evenings, weekends, as warranted by the situation in critical times or to manage customer escalations
Able to take on-call escalations
*LI-AD1

Supply Chain Nation

Our Values

If you want to know the heart of a company, take a look at their values. Ours unite us. They are what drive our success – and the success of our customers. Does your heart beat like ours? Find out here: Core Values

Check out Blue Yonder's blog - Supply Chain Nation - the platform for supply chain trends and innovations.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
