Organizations across the globe rely on OneSource Virtual for Workday services, support, optimization, and consulting. We create solutions built on the Workday application that empower customers to become strategic HR organizations, then scales with them as they grow. To date, OneSource Virtual offers HR outsourcing, IT outsourcing, application optimization, and consulting services to 500+ customers that represent more than 35 percent of Workday’s customer base.

Essential Functions/Duties/Responsibilities
Delivers support for OSV applications, proving timely response to technical questions and problems.
Communicates proactively and and collaborates effectively with Business Users, Software Development Team and Management.
Logs and tracks basic problems/work tickets with external product vendors or support organization.
Participates in process improvement initiatives/projects as necessary.
Takes corrective action or escalates issues to the appropriate resource as necessary.
Participates in the design, testing and/or documentation of new or existing applications, which includes upgrades, enhancements bug fixes, as assigned.
Utilize their “mind for business” and the Agile methodology to iteratively create effective problem statements and user stories to deliver exceptional solutions that meet and exceed business objectives.
Properly document solutions, through the use of various tools, to clearly communicate complex requirements simply, and articulate roles and responsibilities to business and technical users.
Perform projects and other activities as assigned.
Competencies
Innovative and collaborative.
Forward thinker that understands the business implications of technical solutions as well as the effect on customers.
Self -directed management of work and results, works under minimal supervision.
Flexible and adaptive in a changing environment with the ability to multitask and prioritize effectively in a fast paced environment.
Supervisory Responsibility

This role does not have supervisory responsibilities.

Qualifications and Experience
Bachelor's degree in computer Science or related business area is preferred
3-5 years of experience in software development, reporting, and application support preferred
Proven track record of excellence
Passionate about technology and learning new technologies
Preferred Skills
Knowledge of SalesForce.com a plus.
You are encouraged to learn and share ideas when you join the OneSource Virtual team. We reward innovative thinking, fresh perspectives, creative collaboration, and hard work. As an organization experiencing routine strategic growth, we are always on the lookout for intelligent, talented, and forward-thinking professionals to join our team. OSV employees enjoy a values-based culture, upward mobility, and professional development with opportunities of all kinds.
