Come Join the Rushmore Team! Whether you are interested in correspondent origination and sale of mortgages, mortgage servicing operations, real estate management of REO assets, or various corporate positions to support our growing business, Rushmore may just have the position you’ve been waiting for. Browse our openings and contact us today to learn about career opportunities offering competitive salaries and comprehensive benefit packages.
CORE VALUES:
The Company Core Values: We are PROUD, All for WON, and We are SCRAPPY are inherent to how Employees view and act. To ensure Employees have an environment where expectations are clear, we desire that all employees embrace each Core Value through the use of descriptors and employees understand the behavioral drivers to be successful. We are Proud: Reliable Confident, Committed, All for Won: Team Player, Collaborative, and We are Scrappy: Resourceful, Persistent, and Innovative
In addition to the Company Core Values, there are two Supporting Values that Employees are expected to strive to exemplify on a daily basis: Integrity, which is our Permission-to-Play value; and Excellence, which is our Aspirational value.

POSITION SUMMARY:
The Business Analyst - Acquisitions is responsible for assessing prior servicer data to ensure that loans in the mortgage servicing portfolios are boarded according to the prior servicer data. This position includes a strong emphasis on special loans, ARMs and Mods.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Analyze prior servicer data files/reports to identify loan types which will need additional analysis, mapping and review.
Perform analysis of loans to ensure that all special loan products will be accounted for accurately during the loan boarding process, according to the prior servicer’s data.
Define and document preliminary data logic checks and prepare report of findings to support data mapping and review plan.
Develop and document loan boarding requirements for special products
Establish data mapping instructions for each servicer based on company defined codes
Participate in data conversion sessions with prior servicers
Perform data mapping for special products including: ARM plans, HELOC plans, Interest Calculation Options etc.
Perform pre-boarding review and comparison of loan details in the test region
Perform post-boarding review and comparison of loan details in production to ensure accuracy of boarding process, and identify instances where adjustments may need to be made.
Perform root cause analysis for boarding exceptions
Report loan level issues identified during the review process to the business units
Maintain a log of boarding issues encountered with each servicer to be utilized for future reference.
All other duties as assigned

ESSENTIAL KNOWLEDGE & SKILLS:
In-depth knowledge of Black Knight’s Mortgage Servicing Package (MSP)
Comprehensive understanding of various special products, including ARMs, Bi-Weekly, Balloons, Daily Simple Interest, Interest Only, Dual Amortization, Negative Amortization and Payment Option loans.
Extensive experience with different types of loan modifications
Experience formatting loan level transactions.
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:
High School Diploma required
Bachelor degree preferred
Minimum 5 years’ experience working in a residential servicing environment
Minimum 3 years’ experience and an expert understanding of ARM loans, Loan Modifications and SCRA loans
Minimum 3 years’ experience data mapping/boarding experience

MACHINES, OFFICE EQUIPMENT & SOFTWARE:
Proficient with Microsoft Office applications
Working knowledge of MERS, LPS desktop, and MSP
