Sage Intacct is looking for enthusiastic, positive-minded, customer focused and service-oriented people to be Support Analysts in our Global Customer Support organization. You will need to prioritize and multi-task daily, while maintaining a high level of confidence and professionalism. You must be able to work on complex problems, while balancing multiple customer cases in a fast-paced and dynamic team environment.

Responsibilities:
Assist customers and/or partners in responding to questions and issues with the Sage Intacct application via live help, online customer portal, and phone.
Case Management, which includes
Maintaining, updating and prioritizing cases daily to meet published customer Service Level Objectives
Logging cases with accurate information to provide a full record of each issue and resolution
Performing research and troubleshooting to resolve cases
Providing timely communications with clients and internal departments such as Engineering and Product Management
Logging and tracking escalations.
Contribute to the development of internal knowledge base and customer solution portal.
Understand customer needs and provide proactive suggestions to improve customer use and satisfaction.
May be required to work weekends and holidays on a rotating basis to provide support coverage.
May be required to work outside of standard work hours in response to critical customer situations.
Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Accounting, Business Administration, Management Information Systems, Computer Science or equivalent experience.
2+ years of experience in a customer support role.
Understanding of accounting and financial business operations.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment.
Ability to learn quickly and research complex issues.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including clear speaking voice and good use of English language grammar.
Proven success in a team environment.
Desired Skills:
Experience working with or implementing Sage Intacct or other ERP/Financial software application.
Experience using CRM software such as Salesforce.
Understanding of Internet and Cloud technologies.
