When applying internally, please keep your search tailored and consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles at any given time to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
San Francisco, CA:
Internal candidates only
Dallas, TX:
Local candidates only
Salesforce is looking for a Sr. Business Analyst to work with geographically dispersed scrum teams and business partners on implementing and scaling an Enterprise Automation platform across Salesforce. This role is the primary interface between IT delivery teams and business partner subject matter experts and is responsible for gathering, organizing, and documenting business requirements in a shareable, actionable, standardized framework.


The Sr. Business Analyst will provide initial triage on the intake of a “request” and help to identify business requirements, the “what.” The BA translates the business needs into actionable requirements by asking the right questions to make a solution possible; help drive clarity to make rational decisions.


The Sr. Business Analyst should share an equivalent level of subject matter expertise with their business partners and a robust understanding of the technology concepts applicable for the functions. Confidently engaging with business and technology partners, the Sr. BA is adept at distinguishing objectives, obstacles, and solutions. Sr. BAs may contribute to solution designs, testing plans and execution, as well as the training, troubleshooting, and project management aspects of addressing business and operational needs.


Responsibilities:
The Sr. Business Analyst collaborates with a group of Product Owners on requirements, business value scoring and success metrics. The BA drives the requirements gathering process that accurately reflects business outcomes which includes: risk analysis, “as is” and “to be” process documentation, process optimization or re-design, agnostic of a specific technical solution. The BA reviews technical solutions for compliance to business process and objectives. The BA coordinates end to end UAT cycle and develops the organizational change management framework, success metrics and acceptance criteria.

As a Sr. Business Analyst, you perform the core duties of a BA and take on a larger role within the BA Community. You serve on internal teams or committees helping improve processes or create new ones. You may serve as a leader and mentor to other BA’s, and you use Chatter to answer questions and share your knowledge with the larger team. You will be on large-scale projects, whose implementations, issues, requests or projects have greater scope, complexity and require change management. You operate more proactively as opposed to reactively, anticipating issues and averting them before they occur. You work more closely with the Salesforce.com Product Owners. As a Sr. BA you feel comfortable with prioritizing and managing multiple projects at a time and working with cross-functional team members across geographies.

Experience:
8+ years of relevant experience (including 2+ years in Business Process Automation)
Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS, STEM or related discipline or equivalent experience preferred
Domain expertise in business processes, Robotic Process Automation preferred


Able to:
Work proactively to predict and minimize potential issues before they arise, and resolves those that do in a timely manner
Perform some Product Owner responsibilities; create product roadmaps, groom backlogs, facilitate with senior leadership
Assist with interviews and mentor new team members.
Work very comfortably with stakeholders at the executive, department or division level
Juggle multiple issues, set expectations and prioritize accordingly
Research and respond to customer questions
Navigate complex situations involving multiple parties
Ask the right questions; Understand business pains and gains to express bot value


Familiar with:
General Business Processes, especially Finance and other Back Office processes
Business Applications (CRM) and Automation
Salesforce Core product and features
Internet Architecture and Cloud Computing Concepts
General IT (database, security, networking) concepts and programming concepts
Enterprise Application development and delivery
Quantitative and qualitative data to help define business value and success
Accommodations - If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
