Be a part of one of the most successful financial institutions in the country.

Star One Credit Union is the Silicon Valley's largest, member-owned financial institution. Star One offers financial services to more than 100,000 members worldwide. With assets over $9 billion, Star One is the largest credit union based in Silicon Valley and ranked tenth in total assets among more than 6,500 credit unions nationally.

Advantages of a Credit Union

As a member owned financial institution we are focused on providing long-term financial solutions to all of our members. As a result, we are able to return our profits back to you in the form of money saving benefits, including: Higher interest on saving accounts Lower interest rates on loans Reasonable, if any, fees on products and services like checking, credit cards and real estate loans.

Mission
Our Mission is to help members improve their lives by delivering valuable financial services.

Job Title Compliance and Risk Analyst

Hours Monday - Friday, Normal Business Hours

Job Scope/Duties

Responsible for assessing compliance risk and performing regulatory compliance duties under the direct supervision of VP Internal Audit and Compliance. Assists in the development and maintenance of a Credit Union-wide Compliance Management System and Enterprise Risk Management. Assists in managing the centralized Risk Management repository of all key risk documentation and support. Conducts and/or assists with regulatory reviews. Communicates review findings to department management. Reviews marketing and member-facing materials for regulatory compliance. Identifies and evaluates complex regulatory compliance risks, internal controls which mitigate risks, and related opportunities for internal control improvement. Collects and organizes regulatory agency directives, memoranda, interpretive rulings, laws, and regulations. Assists in implementing regulatory changes in business operations. Assists departments in implementing continuous monitoring. Builds and nurtures positive working relationships with departments. Presents regulatory compliance training to departments. Completes due diligence on potential and existing vendors. Creates accurate and timely reporting of key metrics and emerging risks from the department view.

Experience/Minimum Education Requirements

Bachelors Degree in relative discipline, or the equivalent combination of education/training and experience. Requires six to eight years of current and progressive compliance related experience in a financial institution (credit union preferred. Real estate lending experience also desired. A Certified Regulatory Compliance Manager (CRCM) credential is preferred; must be willing to attain designation within an established time-frame. Other desirable industry certifications include NAFCU Certified Compliance Officer (NCCO), Credit Union Compliance Expert (CUCE), Certified Enterprise Risk Professional (CERP), CU Enterprise Risk Management Expert (CUERME), or NAFCU Certified Risk Manager.

Expectations

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organization, multi-tasking, problem-solving, and analytical skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, prioritize tasks, and effectively complete multiple projects simultaneously. Ability to lead projects and teams as necessary. Upholds the highest level of ethics, integrity, and confidentiality.

MUST HAVE GOOD CREDIT

We are a proud Equal Opportunity/AAP Employer M/F/Vet/Disabled
