Genesis10 is currently seeking a Business Analyst I with our company client in their Mountain View, CA location. This is a 6 month + contract position. Description Seeking a Business Analyst Manager will also consider Austin, TX Location We're building one of the fastest national broadband networks to deliver next generation Internet content to users. If you want the opportunity to work on a state-of-the-art high profile program, look no further than the opportunity to frame the future of broadband. Responsibilities Work closely with the Sales and Marketing leads to understand their information needs and develop daily, weekly, monthly, and ad-hoc reports to highlight key performance metrics Develop SQL scripts to structure, analyze, and make recommendations based on large data sets Create easy to understand dashboards from complex data sets, which have automated backend processes Assist with special projects as needed Requirements BABS degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, other similar quantitative field or equivalent practical experience Familiarity with sales and marketing functions (including field sales, retail, call centers, digital media) 3-4 years of experience writing queries, stored procedures or functions in SQL Advanced Google SheetsExcel skills GSuite experience Experience creating data visualizationsdashboards Able to work as a W2 employee of Genesis10(no Corp-to-Corp) Desired Effective problem-solver with a proven ability to understand stakeholder needs Work with ambiguity and quickly deliver analysis that meets the business requirements Excellent business partnering and communication skills Genuine excitement and passion for developing and analyzing large, complex data sets and converting them into the information insights that drive business decisions at all levels of the organization Capable of working on multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously Experience with Tableau If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, please apply! About Genesis10 Genesis10 is a leading U.S. business and technology consulting firm with hundreds of clients needing proven talent and solutions to power their strategic initiatives. If you are a high performing business or IT professional with solid, referenced experience, we want to meet you. Genesis10 recruiters and delivery professionals are highly accomplished career advocates, who get to know you beyond your resume to position you with the opportunities that fit your skills, experience and aspirations. We have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement project after project. To learn more about Genesis10 and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at www.genesis10.com . "Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, MFDV
