We have an opportunity to join the Alliance as an EDI Analyst III in the Product Management Department.

WHAT YOU'LL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR


Reporting to the Analytics Manager, you will lead the implementation of new EDI transactions, x12 and proprietary, including data analysis, requirements assessment and gathering, and solution design and testing. You will perform deep dive analysis and maintains the accuracy of production healthcare EDI transactions and processes, including encounter data oversight. You will manage relationships with trading partners, such as providers, vendors, and regulatory agencies and provide subject matter expertise and assists with providing mentoring and training.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED TO BE SUCCESSFUL

To read the full position description, and list of requirements click here.

Knowledge of:
All HIPAA EDI protocols
ANSI X12 healthcare transactions including but not limited to 837 I/P, 834, 835, 270/271, 274, 276/277 files
Current technology transmissions and receipt methods and the requirements of electronic data submissions
Software product lifecycle management, from defining requirements to implementation
Systems development lifecycle
Formal testing methodology, the principles and practices of test plan development and execution, and documentation of test results
Advanced SQL
Ability to:
Manage multiple projects simultaneously, organize work, maintain accurate records, respond to changing priorities, and achieve goals and timelines
Work collaboratively with individuals at all levels in a matrix organization while supporting multiple stakeholders
Define issues, collect and interpret complex data, develop solutions, project consequences of recommendations, and prepare written reports
Perform technical and non-technical troubleshooting and diagnose and resolve problems efficiently and effectively
Develop and translate business requirements and apply rules, regulations, policies, procedures and guides
Demonstrate flexibility and creativity, identify improvements to existing practices, and effectively adapt to change
Train, guide and act as an EDI resource to staff and trading partners
Work independently with minimal supervision and as a member of a team
Education and Experience:
Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Healthcare or a related field
Minimum of five years of business analysis experience in a Medi-Cal or managed care environment (a Master's degree may substitute for two years of the required experience); or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be qualifying

OUR BENEFITS
Medical, Dental and Vision Plans
Ample Paid Time Off
11 Paid Holidays per year
401(a) Retirement Plan
457 Deferred Compensation Plan
Robust Health and Wellness Program
EV Charging Stations
And many more
ABOUT US


We are a group of over 500 dedicated employees, committed to our mission of providing accessible, quality health care that is guided by local innovation. We feel that our work is bigger than ourselves. We leave work each day knowing that we made a difference in the community around us.

Join us at Central California Alliance for Health (the Alliance), where you will be part of a culture that is respectful, diverse, professional and fun, and where you are empowered to do your best work. As a regional non-profit health plan, we serve over 330,000 members in Santa Cruz, Monterey and Merced counties. To learn more about us, click here or check out this video.

At this time the Alliance does not provide any type of sponsorship. Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time, ongoing basis without current or future needs for sponsorship.
