At Couchbase, big things happen. Every day, we’re translating vision into reality by tackling new and exciting challenges head-on. This is a breakthrough stage in our company, where the enthusiasm of our employees and leadership team is infectious and growing. You’ll have the opportunity to learn new skills, grow your career, and work with the smartest, most passionate people in the industry.

We are looking to add a smart, energetic, and fast learning Information Security Analyst who will help develop, manage, and support Couchbase security policies and requirements. The ideal candidate has implemented internal processes, controls, and even applications to solve bigger information security problems. You’ve worked in some capacity in InfoSec in an SMB company, and are ready to take that next step to being a partner in all aspects of security. As an independent thinker, you may be free to improve on current technologies, make suggestions for improvements, or drive to change.
Responsibilities
Work across multiple functions to contribute on customer and vendor assessments, product roadmaps, security awareness campaigns, and cloud security initiatives.
Ability to influence and drive consensus across the organization to determine new policy feasibility and impact, balancing business needs, culture, and required protections
Evaluate and prioritize policies that require action or enforcement
Drive efforts to automate and scale through tooling to detect, prevent or respond from threats
Design, build, and review relevant training content to increase awareness of Information Security policies, programs, campaigns, and best practices
Provide support for SIEM, endpoint protection, and other security tool alerts and associated investigations, ticket response, and communications
Respond to incidents and vulnerabilities and assess for risk, prevention, and remediation
Support IT security inquiries from customers and vendor security assessments
Assist with virtual and in-person end-user cyber security awareness training
Contribute to the broader security strategy inside and outside of IT
Preferred Qualifications
Assist in driving security policies and standards across the organization
Experience documenting and monitoring standards/processes/procedures for supporting multiple types of technologies, network protocols, operating systems, including on-premise and cloud.
Knowledge of security concepts, standards, technology, and best practice frameworks
Experience managing priorities and projects simultaneously
Ability to work independently in a flexible work environment
Minimum Requirements
Bachelors Degree in a technical discipline or commensurate work experience.
2-4 years experience in information security, business analysis, or similar consulting experience
Information security certification preferred, but not required
Basic understanding of audit compliance frameworks (SOX, PCI, SSAE, GDPR, etc)
Experience developing policies and evangelizing through influence
About Couchbase

Unlike other NoSQL databases, Couchbase provides an enterprise-class, multicloud to edge database that offers the robust capabilities required for business-critical applications on a highly scalable and available platform. Couchbase is built on open standards, combining the best of NoSQL with the power and familiarity of SQL, to simplify the transition from mainframe and relational databases.

Couchbase’s HQ is conveniently located in Santa Clara, CA with additional offices throughout the globe. We’re committed to a work environment where you can be happy and thrive, in and out of the office.

At Couchbase, you’ll get:
* A fantastic culture
* A focused, energetic team with aligned goals
* True collaboration with everyone playing their positions
* Great market opportunity and growth potential
* Time off when you need it.
* Regular team lunches and fully-stocked kitchens.
* Open, collaborative spaces.
* Competitive benefits and pre-tax commuter perks

Whether you’re a new grad or a proven expert, you’ll have the opportunity to learn new skills, grow your career, and work with the smartest, most passionate people in the industry.

Revolutionizing an industry requires a top-notch team. Become a part of ours today. Bring your big ideas and we'll take on the next great challenge together.

Check out some recent industry recognition:
*2020 Bay Area Best Place to Work
*Wealth Front Career-Launching Companies List 2020
*Couchbase Named a Leader: Forrester Wave Big Data NoSQL Report
*Deloitte Technology Fast 500 2019
*Forbes Next Billion-Dollar Startup 2018
*Big Data 100: 35 Coolest Data Management And Integration Vendors

Want to learn more? Check out our blog: https://blog.couchbase.com/

Couchbase is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is dedicated to pursuing, hiring and developing a diverse workforce. Individuals seeking employment at Couchbase are considered without regards to age, ancestry, color, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, protected family care or medical leave status, race, religion (including beliefs and practices or the absence thereof), sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local laws.
