Zumper is on a mission to make renting an apartment as easy as booking a hotel. With 75 million annual users across two brands (Zumper and PadMapper), we’ve generated support from top-tier investors and recently raised $60m in Series D funding (of $140m total). We’re searching for passionate, hardworking people to build extraordinary products and revolutionize the rental industry. Jump aboard our rocket ship!

Zumper is looking for a talented Product Analyst with experience diving into diverse data sets and running multiple projects at once.

This is a high visibility and excellent role for candidates that have tried experience, with a lot of opportunities to grow and have a direct impact on the company’s growth.

You will work cross-functionally with the product, growth, design, and engineering teams to drive initiatives and be the champion of analytics standard methodologies, validated techniques, and decision-making. Shown success in partner management, comfort with data and analysis, and willingness to dive in and execute will be key factors for success.
What you'll be doing:
Establish a deep understanding of Zumper customers that’s informed by data, and used to drive growth initiatives
Design A/B experiments to evaluate the impact of changes we make to the product
Use SQL to develop data pipelines, write complex queries, and perform analysis
Break down multifaceted, complex data for partners, keeping context at the forefront of communication
Develop and automate reports, iteratively build and prototype dashboards to provide insights at scale, solving for business priorities
Collaborate with cross-functional partners to formulate and complete full cycle analysis that includes data gathering, analysis, ongoing scaled results and presentations
Define and monitor key metrics; investigate changes in metrics and propose next steps
Contribute to our team and company data through accessible data table design and maintenance
What we're looking for:
Minimum 2+ years professional experience in a product or data analytics role
Specialist in SQL and Excel
Experience accessing and manipulating database data using Python preferred
Hardworking, personable, organized, excellent communicator, and a strong critical problem solver
Ability to work cross functionally and deal with ambiguity
Adapts well to a fast paced working environment
Professional, positive, upbeat attitude
Strong desire to learn
Bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, business analytics, or a related field.
An advanced degree in a relevant field is a plus
What we offer:
Great medical, dental, vision insurance options with 90-100% employee premium coverage
401k plan + 3% company match
Stock options
Flexible vacation policy; work hard and take time when you need it
Mass transit/rideshare stipend
Health & wellness reimbursements
Catered meals and stocked kitchen with coffee, snacks and beverages
Team adventures and outings
Weekly insight into all major company metrics
Up to 12-weeks of paid parental leave
Life at Zumper
Zumper HQ is located in the heart of downtown San Francisco, next door to the iconic Transamerica Building. We have offices in Chicago, New York, Providence, and Scottsdale and are lucky to have 200+ team mates across the US.

We care deeply about diversity. We are fostering an environment that celebrates authenticity and enables you to be your best self. As an equal opportunity employer, we welcome all applicants regardless of gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, religion, marital status, veteran status, age, disability, or race. We are committed to ensuring that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other employee benefits (Please contact us to request accommodations.)

We are proud to have won awards from Inc. Magazine (2019 Best Places to Work) and SF Business Times (2020 Best Places to Work and 2019 Bay Area Workplace Wellness Award).

Please note
Zumper does not accept unsolicited resumes from staffing vendors, recruitment agencies and/or search firms. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, employees, or any other company location. Any submittals without a prior signed agreement will become property of Zumper.
