Business Process Analyst
Contract: 5+ months
Sunnyvale, CA

Summary: This role will initially focus on understanding End to End Supply Chain planning processes to bridge business needs with technical solutions and authoring key documents including As-Is processes, To-Be processes, User Requirement Documents, test scripts and training documents, Department Operating Procedures etc. This role will closely work with IT and Planning team to implement planning solutions, through support training and deployment needs. The ideal candidate should have strong supply chain planning implementation skills and strong understanding of the E2E software project development phases.

Key Responsibilities:
Understanding E2E Supply Chain Planning business and system processes.
Work collaboratively and independently to identify gaps and potential solutions, working closely with IT and business users.
Create project related documents including Business Process Flow, User Requirement
Documents, User Acceptance Test Scripts and training related documents, and DOP/SOP updates (Department Operating Procedures).
Facilitate change management.
Requirements:
3+ years of relevant experience in a business system analyst or technical writer role in supply chain or manufacturing domain.
3+ years of experience in authoring technical documents and business processes,
Strong understanding of supply chain planning processes, manufacturing processes, manufacturing BOM, Routing and capacity.
Experience in Advanced Planning System(Kinaxis, SAP APO, O9 etc), SAP/Agile
Familiarity with IT system project life cycle
BA/BS in Supply Chain relevant fields
Ability to apply critical thinking and distill relevant information for the right audience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to facilitate meetings
Collaborative Meeting Skills and Ability to work in a virtual work environment
Takes initiative and responsibility for meeting deliverables
Desired : Strong skills in MS Word/ MS Power Point/Video Aids etc
Company Description:

About Ascent:

Ascent is a leading national technology consulting and professional services firm that focuses on tactical and strategic consulting. Ascents fundamental business is providing staffing services to Large Enterprise clients in our core market verticals: Financial Services, Healthcare, and Life Sciences. We focus the majority of our efforts in Staff Augmentation support of Large Enterprise Clients who utilize a Vendor Management System. Ascent works as both a reliable supplier in support of programs, as well as a Strategic Advisor in support of enterprise efforts to establish best in class preferred vendor programs. Ascent was ranked in the 2007 and 2008 Inc. 500 and recognized specifically for its innovative work in staff augmentation support of Large Enterprise preferred vendor accounts.

If you are ready to propel your career to new heights read on. We are looking for talented and dedicated colleagues to join our phenomenal team. At Ascent, we have created an environment where culture, commitment and opportunity converge to yield a truly unique place to work. We know that every employee has something important to say and that every employee is integral to our success. Where else can you walk over to a founder and talk about your ideas to help build our business and have that idea implemented in 48 hours? More importantly, we do everything we can to make sure our employees not only have great jobs, but great lives.
