Who we are


Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 305 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created an account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications. Our system does have some requirements that will help us process your application, below are some guidelines for creation of your account:
Provide full legal First Name/Family Name – this is important for us to ensure our future hires have the right system set up.
Please Capitalize first letter of your First and Last Name.
Please avoid using fully capitalized text for your First and/or Last Name.
NOTE: If your name is hyphenated or has multiple capitalization, please use the same format as your government ID.
Job Description Summary:

Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s hundreds of millions of active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person.

Job Description:

Job Description:

The Oversight and Impact Measurement teams is seeking an experienced Tableau Developer to help drive the Product & Platform Health Dashboard forward. We are looking for a Tableau Developer to work with the Business and Product/Platforms development teams. The responsibilities of a Tableau Developer include creating technical solutions, creating data storage tools, and conducting tests.

To be successful as a Tableau Developer, you should have a broad understanding of the business technology landscape, the ability to design reports, and strong analytical skills. Ultimately, a top-notch Tableau Developer should have an aptitude for using computers, strong written and verbal communication, and proficiency in reporting analysis tools.

Responsibilities:
Developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other BI solutions.
Gathering requirements from customers and designing Tableau solutions.
Performing and documenting data analysis, data validation, and data mapping/design.
Reviewing and improving existing systems and collaborating with teams to integrate new systems.
Conducting unit tests and developing database queries to analyze the effects and troubleshoot any issues.
A solid understanding of SQL, rational databases, and normalization.
Requirements:
Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Systems, or related field.
Relevant work experience.
A good understanding of SQL, rational databases, and normalization.
Experience in database schema design preferred.
Proficiency in use of query and reporting analysis tools.
Competency in Excel (macros, pivot tables, etc.)
Extensive experience in developing, maintaining and managing Tableau driven dashboards & analytics.
Experience with Power Query, Power Pivot, SQL, Power BI a plus
Minimum Experience: Bachelor’s degree and 3-5 years of directly applicable experience; Master’s degree and 1-2 years experience preferred.
Additional Skills:
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Self-starter demonstrates independence, initiative and follow-through. Delivers on time while meeting quality objectives and customer expectations
Work across the company to drive to decisions, build consensus and bridge gaps. Builds rapport, credibility and relationships with multiple stakeholders. Great team player.
Must be detail-oriented, conscientious, thorough and accurate
Must be able to step back and analyze at a broader level, while still being detailed oriented, conscientious, thorough and accurate
Strong interpersonal skills, diplomacy, and client service-oriented attitude and mindset
Ability to work globally and cross-functionally and lead change in a fast-paced environment
Proven ability to function well independently as well as in a team
Be comfortable in a fast paced and dynamic environment with a high degree of accuracy
Comfortable working in a fluid environment where roles and responsibilities are still evolving
Good project management and reporting skills
Ability to facilitate group discussions and run meetings
Ability to handle multiple projects under pressure
Well-developed sense of urgency and follow through
Ability to resolve complex issues and settle disputes equitably
Ability to determine when to escalate to management and identify the right stakeholders for decision making
Proficient with tools such as Power Point, Microsoft Project, MS Word, Excel, Access and Visio
Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

0

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

PayPal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at paypalglobaltalentacquisition@paypal.com.
