GRAIL is a healthcare company whose mission is to detect cancer early, when it can be cured. GRAIL is focused on alleviating the global burden of cancer by developing pioneering technology to detect and identify multiple deadly cancer types early. The company is using the power of next-generation sequencing, population-scale clinical studies, and state-of-the-art computer science and data science to enhance the scientific understanding of cancer biology, and to develop its multi-cancer early detection blood test. GRAIL is located in Menlo Park, California. It is supported by leading global investors and pharmaceutical, technology, and healthcare companies. For more information, please visit www.grail.com

You will serve as a key point of contact & subject matter expert to support, maintain and administer our key business systems such as Salesforce (CRM), Apttus (CLM), Coupa (S2P): architect, design, build and deliver optimized and scalable solutions. As an individual contributor, with your expertise, you will build business applications and influence the rollout of processes/features that will improve the reliability of Grail’s applications and systems. You will also define the scope of technical projects and oversee their execution.

This position will require strong cross-functional skills, ability to translate business requirements into system requirements, strong change management skills and ability to drive business/system requirements and projects to completion. You will Stay ahead of the new Coupa, Apttus, Salesforce features and functionality, and provide recommendations for improvements. Work with other stakeholders & key partners to scope work and produce deliverable estimates. Adapt to changing priorities of the business and seek out ways to develop new skills. Balance multiple concurrent projects and contending priorities.
You will:
Translate business requirements into technical solutions that best leverage the current tech stack and offer other technical solutions for consideration where necessary
Experience in Designing and developing technical solutions for multiple Salesforce projects.Experience with both Sales and Service Cloud that provides Salesforce Customer Support and Customer Management.
Experience developing solutions for the Apttus Contract Lifecycle Management (CLM) systems including X- Author for Word & development of clause libraries and contract templates.
Serve as the technical leader/product owner and work with business users to map out the technical roadmap for automating complex business processes to achieve operational efficiencies
Advise the business and articulate the benefits and risks to a solution’s feasibility and functionality as a trusted technology partner
Design, configure and develop templates and workflows for contract management using Apttus CLM
build proof-of-concept (POC) and own any new feature implementation and maintenance of the system’s stability & support
Accountable for timely delivery of projects as per established project plans by working closely with the business teams
Participate in end-to-end implementation planning including project management, issue management, communication and change management
Provide hands-on technical expertise for Salesforce, Coupa & Apttus
Assist with data management and governance and also support reporting requirements and leverage Salesforce for data-driven decisions
Work within the framework of the Scrum standards to deliver business needs
Build configurations using recommended best practices while delivering scalable high-quality solutions to integrate Salesforce with downstream systems and Billing systems with financial systems like Coupa and NetSuite
Demonstrate a strong technical aptitude and understand both business and technical language and ideas and develop and maintain the strategic stakeholder roadmaps – short term to 12+ months
Drive adoption of technology and process changes
Methodologies: Waterfall, Agile - Scrum
Business Analysis: Visio, Requirement Analysis, Data Flow Diagrams, Business Process Modeling & Re-engineering, Gap Analysis, Cause & Effect Analysis, UAT, Use Case, Test Scripts.
Tools: & Software: Apttus X Author for Word
Query Tools: Salesforce dataloader
Project Documentation Tools: Smartsheet, Lucid Charts

About you:

4-5 years of hands-on Apttus Contract Management experience
Overall 4+ years of SFDC Administration experience with deep understanding of SFDC Security setting, Sharing rules, Permissions Sets, etc.
Understand Apttus CLM Out of the box components versus Custom components capabilities
Understand Coupa S2P process and administration
SFDC and/or Apttus CLM certification highly desirable
Prior experience supporting technology projects such as CLM, Billing, S2P, ERP, CRM & Contract Management systems etc.
Familiar with and able to drive the Agile development and release methodologies, especially for automation of business processes, improvements/redesigns
Ability to work across teams and influence ideas and execute them among various business groups
Bachelor’s degree preferably in Engineering, Management Information Systems, or equivalent years of industry experience
We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
