Posted: Jan 24, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200123136
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences

The WW Channel Sales Business Process Re-engineering (BPR) team is responsible for implementing strategies, re-engineering processes, and designing systems that continually increase sales efficiency, improve effectiveness, and enable growth, while protecting Apple employees, customers, and partners. The Access and Security business analyst will be responsible for working with the relevant sales and sales ops teams to understand their security and provisioning requirements and then with the IDMS team to enhance the Sales systems & tools ecosystem for meeting those needs.
Key Qualifications
Strong understanding of access management and web security concepts such as Single-Sign-On (SSO), Identity federation, Session Management, API security, etc.
BS or equivalent degree in Business management, Computer Science, Engineering or related discipline required.
Excellent communication and presentation skills (Executive presence strongly desired)
Knowledge of basic security concepts including (encryption using keys, SSL, HTTPS, identity and access management).
Excellent project management skills with a maniacal attention to detail.
Candidate must have relevant experience in Access & Provisioning applications, controls, and processes
Candidate must be able to analyze business problems and conduct root cause analysis
Prior experience in driving process improvement projects preferred
Prior experience in SLDC project management and analysis including scoping / timeline management, documenting use cases, process flows/swim lane diagrams, requirements (BRD) etc, UAT, change management etc.
Strong communication and presentation skills, flexible, open working style and an ability to establish trust and credibility quickly.
Experience with Agile methodologies, design thinking preferred
Experience with Six Sigma methodologies and Six-sigma certification preferred
Description
You will work with the business and IT teams to identify the process and systems required to enable scalability and operational efficiency across our channel sales operations.

It is essential that you can think strategically, connect the dots to see the bigger picture, as well as be comfortable getting in to the details of the deliverables.

The position will require the ability to drive complex business analysis, to develop and to execute projects in support of business strategies, and be confident and competent as the face of Apple in discussions with sales and partners within Apple.

To be a successful candidate for this role you must be a self-motivated, driven individual who is comfortable working in a global, matrixed, fast-paced environment.

RESPONSIBILITIES WILL INCLUDE (BUT NOT BE RESTRICTED TO):
Multitasking and switching gears to meet changing priorities and tasks to accomplish goals/objectives.

Working in a distributed cross-functional team environment where team members are spread across numerous locations and often communicate virtually to support on-going projects and programs.

Being responsible for understanding the complexities around Access management projects and ever changing provisioning and security needs.

Working with application development teams to configure and deploy single-sign-on and federated access solutions.

Working with project managers in Sales BPR and business teams to understand business objectives, priorities, and partner solutions to recommend and support Apple’s provisioning practices.

Identifying and fixing errors / issues with any of the solution components by working with IS&T and conduct root cause analysis

Gaining knowledge of applications associated with provisioning and access management at Apple.
Education & Experience
Bachelors, Masters or equivalent in Computer Science, MIS, or Information Management

Big 5 consulting experience preferred
