Posted: Jul 6, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200177407
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, great ideas have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Using business insights and analytical skills, the goal will be to create impactful solutions that make a difference. A passion in learning, investigating and data-driven decision-making will help you shape a holistic view of our business with consideration for all aspects of Business Operations - from product development to mass production. You will need to demonstrate solid data analytics to tell a story and highlight key trends with the ultimate goal of enabling the most cost effective and strategic manufacturing footprint.
Key Qualifications
Extensive experience with Tableau and/or other data visualization tools
Apply database design standard methodologies and business requirements to build effective data schemata
Sustain and improve existing Tableau dashboards to better meet business requirements
Solid understanding of ETL processes, relational database principles, and SQL. Working experience in Tableau Prep or Alteryx
Programming skills in at least one programming language such as Python or R a plus.
Description
Lead deep dive analyses, segmentation and slicing and dicing of operations, financial, and manufacturing data to distill meaningful insights for the Business Operations team. The valuable insights will drive conversations and make an impact to Apple’s manufacturing strategy and costs.

This will entail aggregating, managing, and standardizing critical business & operations data and converting it to usable Tableau dashboards.

Produce reports & maintain critical metric dashboards to monitor the performance of our aggregate Business operations spend across development costs, manufacturing costs, operational metrics, and negotiation strategies.

Build business cases for process enhancements within the organization to enable the Business Operations team to run efficiently, effectively, and with a high degree of accuracy.
Education & Experience
• BA/BS required
