Position: Sr. Business AnalystLocation: San Jose, CAFor over 10 years, Zscaler has been disrupting and transforming the security industry. Our 100% purpose built cloud platform delivers the entire gateway security stack as a service through 150 global data centers to securely connect users to their applications, regardless of device, location, or network in over 185 countries protecting over 3,500 companies and 100 Million threats detected a day.We work in a fast paced, dynamic and make it happen culture. Our people are some of the brightest and passionate in the industry that thrive on being the first to solve problems. We are always looking to hire highly passionate, collaborative and humble people that want to make a difference.As a Business System Analyst within the IT Business Applications team, you will be responsible for managing and supporting Initiatives and Projects that support our Go To Market and Marketing/Sales Execution Strategy.Responsibilities:* Collaborates with cross-functional teams to understand business needs.* Gain a comprehensive understanding of Zscaler's business model and supporting groups such Finance, Product Management, Marketing, Customer Support and Customer success to drive the efficiency of overall company.* Define detailed business / functional requirements, process flow diagrams, and use cases; including performing gap and impact analysis.* Writing and reviewing QA and User Acceptance test scripts.* Manage UAT and any other required testing within the sandbox.* Be an owner to investigate and understand existing systems, independencies and challenges and recommend future improvements that align with business needs and solve issues.* Perform administration functions such as validation rules, user management, roles, hierarchy, approval workflows, record types.Skills and Experience:* 5 + years of experience with Salesforce , Apttus or similar CPQ tool, Marketo or similar.* with the most recent 5 years as a Business Analyst with focus on the sales and marketing functions* Certified SFDC Admin preferred* Sufficient technical background to communicate with developers efficiently and effectively.* Knowledge of programming languages, relational databases, and system analysis/design is strongly preferred* Intermediate Microsoft Excel skills is a plus* Familiar with standard business processes of the Sales and Sales Ops functions* Experience working in a fast-paced agile environment with heavy workloadsWhy Zscaler?People who excel at Zscaler are smart, motivated and share our values. Ask yourself: Do you want to team with the best talent in the industry? Do you want to work on disruptive technology? Do you thrive in a fluid work environment? Do you appreciate a company culture that enables individual and group success and celebrates achievement? If you said yes, we'd love to talk to you about joining our award-winning team.Learn more at zscaler.com or follow us on Twitter @zscaler. Additional information about Zscaler (NASDAQ : ZS ) is available at http://www.zscaler.com. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.#LI-JM1
