Description 7+ years experience as Business Analyst -Adhoc requests for data -Admin level responsibilities for certain SAAS tools such as Gainsight only about 10-15 of the role (MUST HAVE SAAS TOOL ADMIN LEVEL EXPERIENCE) -Nice to have Python -Someone who can come in and hit the ground running Please send resumes to Trupti Deshpande. Requirements 7+ years experience as Business Analyst -Tableau not development but accessing datamanipulatinganalyzing (MUST HAVE) -Data validation -Connecting with end users -User acceptance testing -User team creates these dashboards and this person will validate it before it gets published -Query databases -SQL (MUST HAVE) -Will handle any troubleshootingenhancement requests -Will need to focus on what the user is trying to accomplish Robert Half Technology matches IT professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis. From roles in software and applications to IT infrastructure and operations, we provide you unparalleled access to exciting career opportunities. Our personalized approach, innovative matching technology and global network with local market expertise help you find the technology jobs that match your skills and priorities - fast. By working with us, you have access to challenging opportunities, competitive compensation and benefits, and training to enhance your skill sets. From philanthropy to environmental stewardship to employee programs, Robert Half is proud to have an active role in the communities in which we live and work. Our company has appeared on FORTUNE's "Most Admired Companies" list every year since 1998. Download our mobile app to take your job search on the go! Contact your local Robert Half Technology office at 888.490.4429 or visit www.roberthalf.comjobstechnology to apply for this job now or find out more about other job opportunities. All applicants applying for U.S. job openings must be authorized to work in the United States. All applicants applying for Canadian job openings must be authorized to work in Canada. 2020 Robert Half Technology. An Equal Opportunity Employer MFDisabilityVeterans. By clicking 'Apply Now' you are agreeing to Robert Half Terms of Use httpswww.roberthalf.comterms-of-use .
