Milestone Technologies, Inc. is a leading IT Managed Services and IT
Professional Services solutions provider headquartered in the Bay Area and
serving clients globally. Our unique approach to IT Managed Services includes
Contact Center Services, Internal IT Support, Data Center Operations, Workforce
Solutions, and IT Professional Services.
The Global Security Strategic Initiatives (GSSI) team develops global programs
that mitigate risk and optimize processes to support the mission of the company
and the advancement of the Global Security organization. To help protect our
people, assets and reputation, we implement and manage strategic solutions that
are repeatable and scalable.
As the Global Security Strategic Initiatives (GSSI) Strategic Business Partner,
you will report to the Strategic Business Partnerships Lead and be responsible
for leading and/or supporting assigned GSSI projects and the cross- functional
efforts associate with their delivery. Please note for this role working onsite
at this client location is required Mon-Fri.
Responsibilities:
Conduct cross-functional strategic interviews with key internal Global
Security business partners
Gather customer feedback and complete benchmark studies to support a
business case or project investment decision package.
Ability to identify trends and their affects from various data sources.
Understand and help define the business drivers to provide insightful
recommendations for addressing complex operational and strategic problems.
Develop SBP support metrics
Evaluate the impact of proposed changes, with attention to scalability an
sustainability over time
Proof and edit communications, Best Practice documents, resource tools an
trainings
Provides other Strategic Business Partners with information and
recommendations to assist in the development of their correspondences with
external partners.
Create project plans and build consensus among diverse sets of
stakeholders.
Coordinate cross-functional projects from outline to implementation.
Coordinate meetings as needed
Assist in conceptualizing a strategy to increase the reach and impact of
our ongoing efforts in Global Security to better support and to create a safe
and secure environment for our people. Fosters strong cross pyramid
partnerships and able to effectively prioritize workload demands to meet
project deadlines
Creative formatting of web-based training templates and knowledge article
business reviews and presentation documents
Qualifications:
Bachelor s degree in related field or 3+ years relevant experience.
Demonstrated project management skills that drive results
Demonstrated leadership skills in a cross-pyramid capacity.
Knowledge of processes & procedures development
Knowledge of Balanced Scorecard
Excellent communication and presentation skills.
Strong analytical and critical thinking skills.
Highly motivated and able to work independently as well as in a team
environment. Written and Verbal Communication Skills.
Proficient with Excel, Outlook, Word, PowerPoint.
