Title: Business Strategy - Intern


Location: Campbell, CA

STAR Labs

STAR Labs is an independent entity of Samsung with a mission to create new and innovative business opportunities and expand growth areas for Samsung. STAR Labs' first venture is NEON, Artificial Humans, and was launched at CES 2020, attracting media and partners from all around the world. NEON is on track to become a leader in artificial humans and looking for talented individuals to help introduce NEON to the market.NEON is a venture from STAR Labs (http://neon.life)

STAR Labs consists of best of the best from domains such as computer science, business strategy, engineering, design; and diverse set of experiences from places like MIT, Stanford, Oxford, CMU, Nasa, Google, Microsoft and many more. The team builds upon their outstanding track record of creating products that have real-world impact at a global scale. We value our differences and are excited to learn what you can add to STAR Labs.

Position Summary:

The Business Strategy Intern will report to the Head of Strategy of STAR Labs and be an integral member of the strategy team. He or she will help with all corporate-level strategies from strategic planning, long- and short-term roadmaps, business development, partnerships, product management and planning, and financial modeling, all as a part of the CEO's core management team. In addition, he or she will work very closely with PR, Communication and Marketing team on external related activities.

The Business Strategy Intern should have a background in business, consulting, product management, corporate strategy, or business development. An MBA degree is not required by preferred. He or she should be well-versed in researching technology innovation and developing thesis and recommendations for corporate-level strategies and business cases. He or she, along with the team, should then be able to take these strategies into action from R&D, to partnership, to investment, and finally to the market.

All business cases and strategies should be built on solid research, and so the Business Strategy Intern should be familiar with gathering data from market research tools like Statista, IBISWorld, Markets and Markets, Pitchbook, and more. He or she should also be able to garner insights from conferences, talks, outreach to other companies, surveys, and even developing his or her own market research reports.

Importantly, he or she should be able to prepare executive presentation material, analysis, and recommendations thus ultimately impacting the future direction of the company. The internship position can start as soon as possible with negotiable time frame, depending on candidate.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Developing both overall corporate-level business strategy, and specific recommendations to execute through partnerships, R&D, product development, and go-to-market
Developing market intelligence and insight on key industry trends (technology, IP, competitors, consumers, regulatory, etc.) and their strategic implications to STAR Labs
Collecting and organizing market data for various technology sectors/products by working with industry and research analysts and preparing market and technology summary overview materials as well as strategic landscape analysis
Preparing presentation materials and financial models
Collaborating with all internal teams to align on strategic directions
Tracking company specific news and information and generating summary reports
Assist in business development, pilots, partnership, marketing, and PR
Ability and willingness to travel
Qualifications:
Preferred candidate should be a recent graduate or currently a candidate at an MBA program
Preferred candidate should have bachelor's degree in science and engineering, business administration, marketing, information technology, finance, or any other related field. An equivalent of the same in working experience is also acceptable
2-5 years or equivalent prior work experience, preferably at a strategy consulting firm (technology client work), corporate development/strategy role at a major tech company, top tier investment banking (technology banking), tech focused VC/PE firm
Technical degree in Engineering, Hard Sciences (Chemistry, Biology, Physics, Biochemistry) or Mathematics with excellent academic track record highly regarded
Demonstrable familiarity and knowledge of emerging technologies with an innate passion and curiosity for technology
Practical knowledge of finance and valuation analyses, strong analytical ability and oral and written communication skills
Strong command of Microsoft PowerPoint, Excel and presentation ability
Travel Expectations:
Domestic and international travel to conferences, events, and partner sites.
Samsung is an EEO/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We welcome and encourage diversity as we strive to create an inclusive workplace.
