Nothing Bundt Cakes is a rapidly growing franchise in USA and Canada. We are a highly professional company and dedicated to finding and developing the best people to grow with our company. In return, we aim to make sure that our employees are happy and motivated by offering them a challenging, fun and financially rewarding working environment. We currently have an opening for a:

Business Analyst- Operations & Finance

The position will be a key business partner helping with forecasting, analyzing and reporting of the operation and financial activities of our multiple business locations in California directly reporting to the CEO of the company.

Key Responsibilities Include:
Prepare and track Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), and other ad-hoc analysis for specific business units and total company
Partner with Operation teams in each location to identify business issues and implement strategic solutions.
Analyze historical & seasonal production and product-mix data to identify and highlight key trends performing Exploratory data analysis and provide insights that helps strategic production planning process and waste control.
Develop and implement cost savings ideas to improve profitability and operational efficiency.
Analyze the business expansion and extension opportunities in support of annual strategic objectives
Develop product mix planning models to improve forecasting of production related expenditures
Prepare Quarterly reports of the consolidated P&L, EBITDA tracking, variance analysis to budget, providing financial reporting analytics across all business units
Qualifications and Education:
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with flawless attention to detail
Quantitative techniques use for forecasting and modeling
Must be able to retrieve and interpret complex data, develop reports, draw conclusions and make recommendations
Advance skills in MS Excel & Google Sheets: Pivot Table, Vlookup, Slicer, Solver, IFS and Financial functions, data importing and linking
Experience with data analytics/visualization software ( e.g. Rstudio, Tablue, Cognos), knowledge of QuickBooks or a Financial application is a plus
Experience with Outlook, Word, and Power Point
Must have strong communications and interpersonal skills with ability to build relationships with business partners as well as work with cross-functional teams
2-3 years of relevant experience, preferably in a retail, manufacturing or consumer product
Must be flexible to work in fast-paced, dynamic environment
Min. Bachelors degree - in business, accounting or finance. MBA a plus
