About VERITAS

Veritas solves what no one else can. With an industry-leading product portfolio, we offer proven, modern, and integrated technology that brings together availability, protection, and insights. Our Veritas Enterprise Data Services Platform addresses current and future data issues end-to-end – keeping mission-critical workloads highly available, protecting data everywhere, and providing insights to optimize costs and maintain regulatory readiness.

Veritas supports 500+ data sources, 150+ storage targets, 50+ clouds, and any deployment model imaginable. We serve 99% of the Fortune 100, 90% of the Fortune 500, and are the market leader in Software-defined Storage, Data Protection, and Archiving.

Veritas IT manages the company’s infrastructure, systems, processes, and security utilizing the latest technology platforms, and is relentlessly focused on driving growth in the business by delivering value to both employees and customers.

Veritas is searching for an experienced business analyst to help lead our CRM and PRM systems. This individual will be a knowledge specialist for the CRM/PRM solutions in the market, especially with Oracle Sales Online. You will work directly with our key business partners from both New and Renewal sales (Direct and Indirect) as well as cross functional IT organization to deliver to the organizational roadmap.

Key Responsibilities:
The Business Analyst would have expertise in functional knowledge of Sales CRM systems, and especially Oracle Sales Cloud (OSC) i.e. sales functions, sales organizations, lead management, opportunity management, partner/channel management, partner deal registration process, quote management, territory management, OTBI etc.
The Business Analyst would have expertise in functional knowledge of Sales CRM systems, especially Oracle Sales Cloud (OSC) i.e. sales functions, sales organizations, lead management, opportunity management, partner/channel management, partner deal registration process, quote management, territory management, OTBI etc.
Knowledge of key user requirements and ways to translate those needs into reality via Oracle Sales Online
Consulting ability to define and prioritize requirements, translate requirements into system functions, understand application configurations and customizations which can complete the solutions
Ability to drive projects at a Project Manager capacity – all business analysts are encouraged to be able to perform the PM job function to deliver small ~ large size projects. Solid understanding to drive the initiative forward, driving and facilitating multiple meetings with solid minutes and actions, clear project status communication and proper escalation and risk mitigation capabilities.
Ability to work with the delivery team and business management, PM, other technical team members to communicate requirements and make sure delivered system meets those
Helps IT teams with QA and business with design of UAT tests and UAT testing itself
Proven ability to independently perform Configure/develop, test, implement, document and maintain as it relates to the Oracle Sales Cloud platform and system administration
Coordinate with various Sales Business teams and IT Partners in developing or improving systems, processes, and procedures.
Handle OSC demand, analyze and respond. Responsible for maintaining the functional areas of OSC, working closely with the OSC teams
Work with Oracle and other vendors for product bug resolution, including Service Requests management with Oracle
Provide estimated work effort for all tasks to be completed for project assignments
Identify, develop and evaluate alternatives to meet business requirements
Implement new enhancements including creation of custom objects, workflows, email alerts and templates
Building relationship with business team and delivering project artifacts on time with desired quality
Participate in cross-functional teams that address strategic business issues involving CRM and service operations
Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate technical issues and resolve problems at all levels of the organization both internally and externally
Effective relationship management, communication, and presentation skills, with demonstrated success in dealing effectively with customers, vendors, peers, and senior management
Identify OSC usage problems and craft technical / communication plans to IT/business teams
Must be comfortable in rapidly changing and sometimes ambiguous work situations. Keen attention to detail and complex problem-solving abilities from operational and technical perspective
Ability to work independently and engage supervisor as needed
Experience documenting and analyzing processes, procedures, and/or policies
Ability to handle full workload and meet proposed deadlines/ Ability to mentor junior team members
Must be a superb communicator, written and verbal
Very responsive to all asks and inquiries from both IT peers and business stakeholders.
Ability to travel 25 – 50% of the time to the key stakeholder locations
Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related discipline
4+ years of experience with technical implementations of CRM/PRM projects and 3+ years of experience functioning as a CRM/RPM administrator/developer for Enterprise edition or higher (preferably at large, multi-dimensional organization)
Hands-on Design, Development and implementation of Oracle sales cloud Application
Responsible for Knowledge transfer and arriving at SLAs for steady state
Technical problem-solving skills
Candidate must have gone through at least one full project lifecycle of CRM implementation. Should have solid grasp in Data migration from Other CRM product to Oracle Sales Cloud
Experience in Enterprise Application Integration
Experience working with Sales and Sales Operations organizations and its supporting functions
Demonstrated project management experience and ability to deliver large scale complex global initiatives
At Veritas, we care about the causes close to your heart and enable you to volunteer, donate, and do good. We also value uniqueness and know that a more diverse and inclusive workforce makes a winning team, so come as you are! Interested? Then apply and find out more about #TeamVTAS!
#LI-AS1
