Key Responsibilities
Participate in the design, development and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, dashboards, etc. used to drive key business decisions.
Work within controls to ensure the accuracy, timeliness and confidentiality of all managerial and business intelligence reports, views, dashboards, and user data. Implement new business reports within the established reporting framework, policies and procedures. Train and support end users.
Analyze and interpret data and business intelligence reports. Recognize and interpret trends and outliers, provide thoughts, inputs, and ideas as necessary.
Collaborate with multiple functions in the development of data warehouses and other data sources to support managerial and business intelligence reporting requirements.
Work with business intelligence manager and other staff to assess various reports. Analyze key needs and requirements, assess current reporting in the context of strategic goals and devise plans for delivering the most appropriate reporting solutions to users.
Educate & train user community on the potential uses of the business intelligence system
Extract statistical and relevant data from various information systems and other sources.
Design and develop recurring and ad-hoc business intelligence solutions such as reports, cubes, and dashboards. Using industry best practices for presentation, efficiency, and user experience. Design reports to aid the users to quickly find and analyze data outliers.
Functional Knowledge
Demonstrate conceptual and practical expertise in own discipline and basic knowledge of related disciplines.
Good knowledge of SPG business and processes.
Business Expertise
Has knowledge of best practices and its integration among various SPG entities; awareness of product development challenges.
Anticipate business and process issues; recommend product, process or service improvements
Leadership
Act as a resource for junior colleagues; lead small projects with manageable risks and resource requirements
Management through Influence
Problem Solving
Solve unique and complex problems with broad impact on the business; conceptual and innovative thinking to develop solutions; take a new perspective on existing solutions; exercise judgment based on the data from multiple sources of information
Impact
Impact a range of internal customer, operational, project or service activities within own team and other related functions; work within broad guidelines and policies
Interpersonal Skills
Ability to work and collaborate with SPG BU Functional Groups and Manufacturing
Communicate complex ideas, anticipate potential objections and persuade others, often at senior levels, to adopt a different point of view
Explain difficult or sensitive information; work to build consensus
Manage and prioritize multiple projects delivering results to commitments
Detail oriented to ensure highest quality of work
Education
Bachelor's Engineering or Business Management Information Systems, Computer Science, Data Scientist or related field (Master's preferred)
Technical and business savvy
3 to 5 Years of Experience
Additional Job Description
Must possess proficient skills and knowledge in the following (or equivalent) platforms/applications/databases/concepts:
Tableau: Desktop, Prep, Extensions, Permissions, implementation of advanced capabilities
MS SQL Server: SSMS, SSIS, SSAS, SSRS with advanced SQL
HADOOP: Hue, Impala/Hive, Shell, Workflows, Scheduler
Visual Studio: Visual Basic
Development Life Cycle
Visualization Best Practices
Skills and knowledge in the following areas a plus: Tableau Server, Share Point, SAP, Business Objects, Python, R, Statistical Analysis, Web Development
Qualifications

Education:

Bachelor's Degree

Skills

Certifications:

Languages:

Years of Experience:

7 - 10 Years

Work Experience:

Additional Information

Travel:

Yes, 10% of the Time

Relocation Eligible:

No

Applied Materials is committed to diversity in its workforce including Equal Employment Opportunity for Minorities, Females, Protected Veterans and Individuals with Disabilities.
