Job TITLE: Business Analyst, Commerce Platform

Location: San Jose, CA

Term: Contract

Skill: We’re looking for a talented Business Analyst who will help define requirements for products and services that are used by internal and external users such as Developers and Merchants. In addition to defining the requirements, the candidate will be performing User Acceptance Testing to verify that requirements are met from user perspective. You will work on products such as developer portal, marketplace and user management.
A successful candidate will be hands-on with an established background in defining complex functional requirements that span across a range of interdependent systems. Candidate should be well versed in website development, defining online protocols/API’s, and system integrations efforts.
This position will report to the Director of Product Management in San Jose, CA.

Essential Duties and Responsibilities:
Translate business & product requirements into cross system functional requirements and user stories.
Work with Product Managers and system users to identify functional requirements and translate them into actionable features for engineering.
Groom and prioritize development backlogs in JIRA with clear balance between immediate and long-term goals. Effectively support development team throughout sprint cycles by proactively removing roadblocks that may impact quality of service and on-time delivery.
Own the results. Perform UAT and pilot programs on engineering deliverables and provide detailed feedback.
Work with engineering partners to acquire time and resource estimates for large and medium sized development efforts.

Experience: 5+ years of overall work experience in software development and software products; 2+ years experience as a Business Analyst
Technical proficiency, demonstrated through technical undergraduate degree or equivalent work experience
Experience defining new websites, online services and APIs, driving alignment between development groups and stakeholders.
Payment industry experience will be a plus.
Developer and app ecosystem experience will be a plus.

Skills & Ability:
Excellent writing and communications skills required.
Ability to work in a cross-functional environment.
Highly organized and process driven.

Education: NA
