At Bristol Myers Squibb, we are inspired by a single vision – transforming patients’ lives through science. In oncology, hematology, immunology and cardiovascular disease – and one of the most diverse and promising pipelines in the industry – each of our passionate colleagues contribute to innovations that drive meaningful change. We bring a human touch to every treatment we pioneer. Join us and make a difference.

This role will serve as the IT Business Analyst within the Research and Early Development IT group supporting the Tumor Microenvironment Thematic Research Center department from a technical and business process perspective. The successful candidate will manage relationship with research business areas, articulate IT capability gaps, document business requirements, and translate the requirements to technical specifications in supporting research users. He or she will participate in strategic IT projects and responsible for analyzing, documenting, and testing of IT solutions in meeting business needs.

Responsibilities:
Establish a strong relationship with research leaders and scientists with up-to-date understanding of research processes and data workflows.
Partner with members of the research community to analyze scientific needs and communicate with scientists effectively.
Lead project teams in defining scope, documenting requirements, translating requirements to technical specifications
Work with IT Project Management and Delivery teams to implement solutions that meet business requirements.
Leverage analytical skills to facilitate the design of data models, data standards and analysis tools for the research community as well as other key stakeholders.
Stay informed of research IT industry trends and best practices by regularly participating in internal and external conferences.
Qualifications:

A minimum of a bachelor’s degree in Biology and relevant education background in Computer Science, Informatics or related field. Advanced degree preferred. A minimum of 7 years of information management and informatics work experience within Biotech or Pharmaceutical industry and proven track record of strong delivery.
The ideal candidate will possess a proven experience in support of scientific computing environments.
Experience in scientific laboratory research, business process analysis, requirement gathering, and computer system development.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Proven leadership skills, particularly with building a business case, understanding research needs, and translating requirements to technical specifications.
Ability to establish and adhere to technical standards as well as ability to compromise when appropriate.
Project management of computer system development related activities, estimation, planning, controlling, and execution.
Experience with research computer systems, such as electronic laboratory notebooks, LIMS, biologics registration, biological assay data management, scientific collaboration systems.
Ability to translate complex business and technical problems into easily understood solution approaches.
Must have the ability to work in a matrixed environment.
Around the world, we are passionate about making an impact on the lives of patients with serious diseases. Empowered to apply our individual talents and diverse perspectives in an inclusive culture, our shared values of passion, innovation, urgency, accountability, inclusion and integrity bring out the highest potential of each of our colleagues.

Bristol Myers Squibb recognizes the importance of balance and flexibility in our work environment. We offer a wide variety of competitive benefits, services and programs that provide our employees with the resources to pursue their goals, both at work and in their personal lives.
