About Bill.com

Bill.com is a leading provider of cloud-based software that simplifies, digitizes, and automates complex, back-office financial operations for small and midsize businesses. Customers use the Bill.com platform to manage end-to-end financial workflows and to process payments, which totaled over $70 billion for fiscal 2019. The Bill.com AI-enabled, financial software platform creates connections between businesses and their suppliers and clients. It helps manage cash inflows and outflows. The company partners with several of the largest U.S. financial institutions, more than 70 of the top 100 U.S. accounting firms, and popular accounting software providers. Bill.com has offices in Palo Alto, California and Houston, Texas. For more information, visit www.bill.com or follow @billcom.

Mission:
Bill.com is looking for a Marketing Analyst to join our Marketing team. We are looking for someone who has a business/impact mindset with strong technical analytical skills to turn data into insights. You will partner with marketers across the organization to dig into strategic questions and your insights will help drive the prioritization and outcomes of the team’s efforts. In addition, you are someone who considers themselves a growth driver, not just someone who will support the needs of the team, but a person who thrives on identifying and chasing opportunities to accelerate growth.
Professional Experience/Background to be successful in this role:
Bachelor's degree Business, Economics, Finance, marketing, or related field
Experience in a B2B SaaS organization, working with Marketing, Sales Ops and/or Finance organization
Core data experience with SQL, Python, Salesforce.com, Google Analytics, Microsoft Excel
Turning data into insights – Digging into strategic initiatives, developing insights through analysis, synthesizing and clearly communicating analysis both written and verbal.
Evolving our data pipeline/reporting/monitoring – Understanding data available throughout the organization and leveraging it to build insightful dashboards.
Support forecasting and planning – Maintain and improve quarterly and yearly forecast.
Be a Growth Partner – Engage with marketers to co-develop, measure, and optimize campaigns.
Operational blocking and tackling – Executional excellence on the day to day responsibilities – understanding the marketing funnel, performance benchmarks and helping the team identify over/underperforming areas.
Competencies (Attributes needed to be successful in this role):
Ability to work with a variety of data sources to develop, and implement data and business intelligence visualizations to enable cross-functional teams to make data-driven business decisions
Ability to partner with stakeholders to formulate program KPIs and formulate solutions to track them
Ability to craft influential presentations to summarize findings
Track record of partnering with all levels of the organization
Expected Outcomes in 3 months:
· Strong understanding of the Marketing funnel, data flow and dashboards
· Strong understanding of Salesforce, and BDC Data warehouse data
· Competent in pulling Marketing, Sales, Product and Finance data
Expected Outcomes in 6 months:
· Identify and drive new opportunity identification process
· Contribute to adding new insights to dashboards and process automation
· Lead analytics efforts for sub-teams/channels

Bill.com is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. We recruit, employ, train, compensate, and promote without regard to race, color, age, sex, ancestry, marital status, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, present or past history of mental disability, genetic information or any other classification protected by state or federal law.

Bill.com Culture:
● Humble – No ego
● Fun – Celebrate the moments
● Authentic – We are who we are
● Passionate – Love what you do
● Dedicated – To each other and the customer

Our Applicant Privacy Notice describes how Bill.com treats the personal information it receives from applicants.
