Machine Zone is a global leader in mobile gaming, with a track record of delivering some of the world's most successful mobile games including Game of War, Mobile Strike and Final Fantasy XV: A New Empire. We combine the power of technology and creative vision to create experiences that connect people from all corners of the globe. Machine Zone was acquired by AppLovin in May 2020.

AppLovin is one of Inc.'s Best Workplaces and a recipient of the 2019 Glassdoor Top CEO employee's choice award. The San Francisco Business Times awarded AppLovin one of the Bay Area's Best Places to Work in 2019 and 2020, and the Workplace Wellness Award in 2019 which recognizes businesses that are leaders in improving worker well-being.

MZ Studio values execution upon data driven decisions. The game analytics team embodies this ethos through a few overarching goals:
Own the outcome and success of performance. Understand through data what are the largest opportunities that the game studio should be focused on to increase value to the business
Develop fast, scalable analytics products and analyses that drive direct, actionable impact or insight
Bring analytical rigor to support product launches and operations with actionable metrics and insights to maximize value
As a member of the game analytics team, you will drive results through scalable data products, changing the landscape of mobile gaming.

What you'll be doing:
Own the outcome and success of performance. Partner closely with teams responsible for revenue, product designers, and other teams across the studio to identify and prioritize the most impactful business problems through data driven intelligence
Translate problems into structured analyses or data products that directly drive actionable insights that maximize value
Use exploratory data analysis techniques to identify meaningful relationships, patterns, or trends from complex data sets and validate your results
Design, implement, and evaluate experiments to test hypotheses around user conversion, sales, and live events to improve engagement, retention, and monetization across all MZ Games
Instrument in-game actions by working in tandem with Engineering and Data Platform teams, enabling MZ to track, measure, and evaluate performance of new features and game content
Collaborate with other analysts, providing statistical and modeling guidance on their analyses and projects
Communicate findings effectively across different stakeholders. If others do not understand the action or insight from the analysis there is no value.
Educate your fellow analysts on how to apply statistical rigor to their analyses and business recommendations
Your background and who you are:


8+ years work experience analyzing large datasets in an analytics or product centric role
Advanced degree (Masters/Ph.D.) in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Engineering, or other quantitative discipline
Proficient with SQL, Hive, or other querying language
Proficient with data visualization tools like Tableau, Superset
Proficient with R, Matlab, or other statistical packages
Familiar with Python or other scripting languages
A firm believer in the practical application of statistics - you have a deep toolkit of statistical techniques and know how to pick the appropriate tool for the challenge at hand
Can provide structured analysis to drive solutions for ambiguous problems
Strong written and verbal communication skills to go with your technical expertise. It's second nature for you to tell coherent and compelling narratives around complicated quantitative concepts that can be easily understood by non-technical stakeholders
A team player that is results focused and an intellectually curious self-starter. You bring a "can-do" attitude and are looking to own initiatives end-to-end in a fast-paced, rapidly changing environment
Take pride in the quality of your work output. Your code, analyses, and documentation all reflect that of someone who is extremely detail-oriented
Familiar with and passionate about analyzing user behavior on consumer mobile applications
#LI-TP3
