Requisition ID # 59201

Job Category : Business Operations / Strategy

Job Level : Individual Contributor

Business Unit: Human Resources

Job Location : Concord; Livermore; San Francisco; San Ramon

Department Overview

The Gas and Electric Operations Technical Training Departments are a dynamic group within PG&E Academy that focus on strategically aligning with the lines of business toward a goal to increase employee safety, efficiency and competency by designing, developing, and delivering world class learning and on the job training solutions. We are seeking team members who can provide an analytical skillset in a fast paced, safety focused environment. To be successful, you must possess a passion for learning and innovation, be able to build strong internal and external relationships, and have a strong propensity for action, results and continuous improvement.

Position Summary

The Expert Business Analyst will create and utilize SQL and other programming languages along with MS Excel in support of internal tools utilized by the team’s clients. The Analyst will develop, modify, analyze and understand the various systems used to collect and present data as needed to complete reports and to provide reporting in support of business strategy and decisions. The successful candidate will evaluate the details of a business solution, requiring a good understanding of how technological solutions are implemented. The Analyst will also be involved in business process improvement, quality control, special projects and other initiatives while representing the team in the presentation their work. The position will maintain and enhance operational metric database tools for the broader analytics team. The analyst identifies and solves current gaps in data requirements and creates ease of access to ensure fast and consistent responses to leadership inquiries. This role may require 10% of travel within the PG&E service territory.

The work location for this role is flexible and will work from your home office for the foreseeable future due to the current COVID 19 landscape.

Job Responsibilities
Design data analysis to achieve business objectives, process data, analyze data, write clear and concise data findings and tailor communications to specific audiences. Analyzes data using various statistical tools to develop ad hoc reports, statistics, trends and profiles.
Create complex automated data routines and processes for reporting and data delivery ensuring accurate data manipulation and data cleansing.
Maintain steady state SQL extracts and update daily/weekly/monthly operational dashboards in Tableau.
Demonstrate and communicate clear, concise, and actionable data analyses for clients.
Provide recommendations and implement ideas to optimize database(s) with new data sources and improved data processes.
Develop recommendations regarding new or better reports based on assessment of stakeholder needs, resource planning trends and to provide better clarity and quality data for effective leadership decision making.
Research and spearhead new innovations to analytics tools and best practices.
Communication, problem solving and critical thinking ability to review findings and recommendations to various levels of management.
Assess multiple options before arriving at a solution. Effectively doing so requires a critical review of data, documentation, user input surveys and workflow.
Understanding the client’s business processes relevant to the project goal.
Create highly complex data models that have cross- functional impact.
Work on more than one project at a time and so must constantly reevaluate priorities and deadlines.
Qualifications

Minimum:
BA/BS Degree in Marketing, Business, Computer Science, Engineering or other related field or equivalent work experience
6 years of job-related experience
Desired:
Advanced skill in writing SQL queries using Microsoft SQL Server/MS Access
Well-versed in data visualization best practices with proven experience using Tableau Desktop Professional
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Highly proficient with Microsoft Excel/Access/Powerpoint/Power BI
Strong data analysis skills, knowledgeable in collecting data, organizing, synthesizing, reporting, recognizing trending and anomalies, drawing conclusions from data.
Familiarity with utility operations
Technical knowledge of SAP R3, BW, AO and BusinessObjects
