A company in Santa Clara, is looking for a Business Analyst with IVR experience.
Design caller experience for IVR DTMF and speech enabled applications.
Analyze requirements, develop detailed designs/call flows for implementation. Effectively document the details.
Analyze architecture, relationship between systems, and systems flow of end-to-end designs.
Create and design effective speech user interface designs including call flow, dialogues, functional logic, prompts, and define grammars to match the established requirements.
Deliver IVR user interface design documentation outlining backend interfaces to support business functionality and application development.
Develop call flows for complex applications including data driven interactions and Contact Center routing of calls.
Work closely with business units to gain in-depth understanding of business issues; identify, analyze, and translate business needs into functional specifications.
Required to review test plans and to support development through coding cycles and QA through System Test cycle including tracking, prioritization, and resolution of defects.
Leverage enterprise reporting tools to develop ah-hoc and daily reports outlining KPIs/performance and gain thorough understanding on the underlining factors that contribute to the trend.
Analyze and identify any trends and provide recommendations.
Ability to manage multiple projects of varying complexities and is highly organized.
Desired Skills and Experience
Business requirement Analysis; Solution designing and presenting; Communication.
5+ years of related professional experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Understanding of Enterprise architecture, Database, Java and front-end (Web) technologies.
Big plus - experience in multiple Contact Center Technology domains including expertise in current IVR and speech recognition standards, CTI and Call Routing ( inbound and/or outbound).
Big plus - has experience in functional spaces such as prepay, Post pay, biometrics, collections, retail and customer care.
Telecom and/or wireless industry experience preferred.
Proficient in Microsoft Office products, including but not limited to Word, Excel, and Outlook.
Visio knowledge for Call flow designs.
Good command on SQL/Oracle.
Excellent written and verbal communications skills.
Strong analytical and problem solving skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills; team player.
Ability to work in a fast-paced environment .
Bachelors Degree
