Hyperion Analyst Position

The Finance Hyperion Analyst position is a critical role that includes working close with the Finance team on the monthly financial close process, preparing the Hyperion systems, assisting in timely preparation of financial reporting to Corporate, leading continuous process improvement initiatives, overseeing standards requirements, other ad hoc projects and the training within Finance team .

The role has a wide ranging number of stakeholders inside and outside of the finance team. This position is for a high caliber individual with strong technical and financial system capabilities and excellent written and verbal communication skills to meet the needs of a diverse stakeholder
Main point of contact for user support with Smartview, HFM and Planning.
Perform data loads/exports, including data validation and consolidation of data; this includes performing month-end close responsibilities.
Research and investigate data discrepancies and provide data validation reports.
Create and maintain data mappings as needed.
Coordinate approvals for metadata changes to comply with audit requirements.
Coordinate with the Hyperion Administrator the load and maintain FX currency rates in HFM
Monitor and report system performance issues to 3rd party hosting vendor
Provide technical assistance by responding to inquiries regarding errors, problems, or questions with Hyperion.
Perform troubleshooting for Hyperion end users by evaluating problem situations in depth, arriving at independent conclusions leading to problem resolution and documentation.
Develop and document procedures pertaining to month-end responsibilities
Create and maintain documentation on system setup and changes.
Work with Finance Team to create validation points of Hyperion system and processes
Create and maintain Hyperion Samar View library of reports as needed to ensure reports are standardized and developed for optimum performance and data integrity that supports Moldev data needs.
Support ongoing financial processes such as annual budgeting, forecasting, closing, analysis, reporting, etc
Education and/or Work Experience Requirements:
BA in Business Administration
BS Degree in Computer Science preferred
3- 5 years direct experience with Hyperion Planning Functions that facilitate budgeting and forecasting
Previous experience working with Finance team as a Hyperion business partner
Working knowledge of system metadata, hierarchies and mapping for interfaces in support of forecast and budget
Knowledge of Excel, SmartView and Essbase Spreadsheet Add-in
Experience with Finance Data Management and integration of the full Hyperion suite
Process Improvement exposure to create efficiencies in Finance team towards the goal to eliminate waste in the Finance cycle
Additional Requirements:
Excellent face-to-face, telephone and e-mail communication
Able to operate effectively in a team setting and build strong relationships with co-workers to achieve a common goal.
Detail oriented, self-driven individual with a clear focus on high-quality work
Proficient with use of Hyperion Planning, Hyperion HFM, Finance Data Management , Microsoft Office, particularly Excel, Word and PowerPoint
Experience managing different type of projects
Able to work extended hours and travel, as job requires
#LI-BC-1

Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The EEO is the Law poster is available here.
