Hello All, Hope you are doing good.. Role Siebel Business Analyst, Duration Long Term, Location Santa Clara, CA.. Responsibilities Primarily responsible for the support and enhancement of the work orders, Activities, Workforce Management and Assets in Siebel eCommunications application (8.x). Be able to document business problems, analyze them, come up with technically feasible solutions and be able to write FDDs (Functional Design Documents). Liaise between Onsite and Off shore teams in creating Orders to help business testing Significant role in Hands on testing as well. As a SITUAT tracker, resource should be able to compile and track the demandsProjectsIncidents for the system releases. Requirements Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of educationexperience in Computer Science, Information Systems or related field Minimum 5 years' experience as a Business Systems Analyst with special emphasis on CRMERP applications in a heavily customized multiple application environment. Strong experienceknowledge of the Siebel work order, Activities, Workforce Management and Asset with Functional and technical application knowledge Strong experience in Production support is required. Experience in Asset based ordering is required. Experience in Planning and executing Data conversion activities is required. Experience in Test script generation, conducting SIT and UAT with broad audience is required. Experience in using Testing software like HP ALM is required. Experience in working on the Home grown custom applications, Cloud applications as a Business analyst Experience in As-Is, fit-gap analysis, Vendor selection process is required User level Experience in Issue tracking tools such as Service now is desired Experience in MA projects is desired. Superior interpersonal, oral and written communication skills. Exceptional prioritization, proficient problem analysis, process and project management skills. Results-focused, team-oriented professional with a strong work ethic. Able to multi-task and work in a fast paced environment
