Read what people are saying about working here. 

RESPONSIBILITIES

The Citizen Services Mission Area (CS) provides guidance and support to its clients in the areas of program and acquisition life cycle management, information technology systems modernization management, applied telecommunications and networking, applied contact centers, and serves as a uniquely neutral technology clearinghouse and information sharing institution.

CS is building a behavioral analytics team to support a wide variety of client needs focused on detecting fraudulent electronic transactions/usage. Team members will work collaboratively with the Noblis data analytics architects and data scientists to design and implement an offline and near real time analytics capability, visualization and a near real-time dash boarding and visualization capabilities to support Federal Agencies in strengthening their security posture against fraudulent web transactions.

This position is for a Software Developer with exposure to primary to SAS, Extract, Transform and Load (ETL) and Hadoop. The individual must also have a solid understanding of data flow and processing of large data sets. The developer may write scripts to produce output products or reports. The engineer/developer is also responsible for suggesting other technologies, architectures, and products that improve processing and analysis of large data sets. The individual will be responsible for setting up analytical queries and workflow that incorporate both batch and streaming analytics. Familiarity with SAS Platform, Hadoop ecosystem applications and SAS machine learning libraries is preferred.

QUALIFICATIONS

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Info Systems, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering or related technical field

Minimum 7-10 years of professional experience in software engineering and development

Database development and application integration experience.

Advanced knowledge of SAS, C ##, Java, Perl, Python, Scala and r programming

Experienced user of SAS or equivalent training in SAS or other similar tool

Familiarity with Hadoop specifically Spark and Spark Streaming

Familiarity with SAS to Hadoop File System integration

10 - #LI-JO1

OVERVIEW

Noblis and Noblis ESI are solving difficult problems that help our government and our country. We bring the best of scientific thought, management, and engineering expertise with a reputation for independence and objectivity. We support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering.

Why work at a Noblis company?

Our employees find greater meaning in their work and balance the other things in life that matter to them. Our people are our greatest asset. They are exceptionally skilled, knowledgeable, team-oriented, and mission-driven individuals who want to do work that matters and benefits the public.

Noblis has won numerous workplace awards. Over the past two decades, Noblis has consistently earned wide recognition:

1. Best Employer: We have been a Washington Post “Top Workplace” for 5 consecutive years (2018, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014) including the three among the top 10. We’ve also been recognized by Glassdoor “Best Medium-Sized Company to Work For” for 2 years, and many similar awards in previous years

2. Business Ethics and Integrity: A “World’s Most Ethical Company” for 7 years by Ethisphere Institute, and a Finalist at the Greater Washington Government Contractor Awards

3. Leadership and Innovation: CEO Amr ElSawy selected to Executive Mosaic’s annual Wash 100 List, and as a “Tech Titan” by the Washingtonian Magazine.

Noblis maintains a drug-free workplace and is an equal opportunity employer.

 Noblis, Inc. is a nonprofit science, technology, and strategy organization that brings the best of scientific thought, management, and en...
