Sr. Business Analyst
Job Number: SST1707
Location(s): Tampa - Dallas - Herndon - Santa Clara - Atlanta
Date Available: 07-02-2020
System Soft Technologies is a leading technology company that provides
innovative technical solutions and consulting services to enhance
innovation, business value, and competitiveness. For over 20 years,
our focus on becoming a trusted partner to each client has allowed us
to become a $140MM+ company with a pool of over 800 associates who
cover the full spectrum of IT expertise. We are distinguished by our
ability to anticipate the unique needs of our clients and deliver a
level of quality that far exceeds their expectations.
Job Summary:
We are looking for a passionate, self-driven lead business analyst who
is comfortable performing in a client-facing capacity. This role will
require working directly with both new and existing clients to
document project requirements and ensure solutions meet key needs. In
this role, you will engage with everyone from key team members to
product owner level employees to determine project specs. You will
also serve as the conduit liaison between internal business units,
vendors and the software application development team. Although no
direct coding is required, a strong understanding of Agile SDLC is
very important.
Required Duties & Responsibilities:
Lead and mentor a team of Business Analysts engaged across multiple
projects
Accurately assess and gather business requirements from clients.
Document workflows, functional specifications and plans
Analyze the impact of a proposed solution across the client business
Assist in drafting business and functional architecture documents
Manage client expectations both pre- and post-implementation
Determine if a solution is needed and feasible
Essential Skills & Qualifications:
Requirements:
Requires minimum of 7 years of progressively responsible experience
in internal business and technical analysis
Possess a thorough understanding of business process and systems
flows; and ability to work with a global team to consider implications
to current- and future-state business environments
Requires demonstrated proficiency with technical writing
Customer management
Process engineering
Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint
Data analysis, requirement analysis
Data modeling, UML diagraming, object modeling
Object-oriented concepts
User story writing
Use case writing and analysis, user experience foundation
Business systems programming and analysis foundation
Strategic product road mapping
Business case development
Agile and project management methodologies
Contact:
If interested, please send your resume and a brief cover letter with
your salary expectations and availability to
Niranjjani Nadanasabapathy
HR/Recruiting Coordinator
2550 Great America Way,
Santa Clara, CA 95054
o: x 824
c:
e:
