Job Description
Business Intelligence Analyst

Position Overview:

Analyzes complex business problems using data from internal and external sources to provide insight to decision-makers. Identifies and interprets trends and patterns in datasets to locate influences.

• Create and maintain small set of construction cost/occupancy dashboards as requested by VP of Construction and support long term space demand model building as needed
• Define the prioritized set of data/reports/analysis needed by Construction and executive stakeholders in area of Construction and Space/Occupancy.
• Identify any gaps in existing business process and data availability to providing these solutions.
• Write requirements to fill gaps and collaborate with internal teams to implement solutions based on priority and impact.
• Collaborate with IT and Data Warehouse teams to develop space data interface and data repository of space and facilities data needed for space supply & demand cost benchmark models.
• Special emphasis will be placed on construction cost tracking and analysis.

Role and Responsibilities:
Look at current data, office space, headcount, space plan, etc. and then compile that data and build a data module to create an understanding of the company’s future growth and space needs.
Build a foundation of data and processes to create dashboards to help forecast the growth and space needed.
Provide budget control and business partner support.
Work with department heads, business leaders, facilities etc. to gather data on current and future forecast of office staff and office space required. The individual will be responsible for creating data models that provides insight into the space needed to forecast ongoing growth for the company over the next several (8+) years.
Will create dashboards to understand what growth will be.
Build data models from scratch.
Understand the building of infrastructure.
Must have analytical skills where they can deliver a dashboard quickly but can also dig into the data and find gaps and explain the data
Someone that has some sort of consulting or Bus Analysis or Financial Analysis – who can ask the questions to gather the information to put together data models.
Required skills:
Excel Modeling and strong Tableau skills are necessary.
Proficient in Tableau Reporting (will be primary tool)
Proficient in Excel
Years of experience: min of 4-5 years.
Understanding of data storage and data warehouse technology.
Project management experience helpful.
Background in construction, office space planning, or similar experience is helpful.
Business Analysis or Financial Analysis skill set is helpful.
Location: Sunnyvale, CA
About Advantage Resourcing

Advantage Resourcing makes all employment decisions without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, ancestry, medical condition, age, marital status, national origin, citizen status, political affiliation, union membership, genetic information, physical or mental disability, veteran status, denial of medical or family leave, pregnancy or pregnancy disability leave or any other protected group status as defined by federal, state or local law. We will provide reasonable accommodations throughout the application or interviewing process. If you require a reasonable accommodation, contact us. Advantage Resourcing is an E-verify employer.
Company Description
Let’s find your next job – together. Whether you’re looking for temporary work or a direct-hire job, Advantage Resourcing will connect you to an opportunity that closely matches your interests and skills. Advantage Resourcing is a proud member of Staffmark Group, an award-winning family of staffing brands with a national network of 450+ offices. We connect over 250,000 people to jobs each year, and we’re ready to put this expertise to work for you! Learn more at www.advantageresourcing.com.
