Company Description

null
Job Description

Are you looking to drive growth of an up and coming consumer brand? Do you get excited about taking on challenging strategic projects that require thinking outside of the box? Do you excel in collaborative environments where team members learn from each other and drive progress through cross-functional projects?

As a Balsam Brands Growth Analyst, you will support highly impactful projects across multiple functions of our fast-growing eCommerce company. You will work closely with senior leaders and team members across all functional areas, supporting projects in diverse areas such as: partnerships and strategic alliances, business development, international new markets, retail, operations strategy, business-to-business sales, and more. You will participate in planning and implementation of strategic projects in a fun, creative and inspiring work environment.

This role will report to the VP of Growth.

What you’ll be doing:
Be an integral part of the team driving strategic initiatives across our brand portfolio. This could include:
Pursuing, evaluating and testing brand-consistent strategic partnerships
Creating a strategy to efficiently capture B2B sales through various sales and marketing efforts
A range of innovative business development projects
Exploring, planning and executing the launch of creative shop-in-shop
Evaluation and development of new international market opportunities
You’ll be successful if:
You have a knack for breaking down big problems into key questions
You have a strong passion for taking initiative, learning and driving recommendations through to completion
You can pay close attention to details while managing multiple projects at once
You have a flexible work style and are comfortable working across many functions and geographies
You are always willing to jump in and help, including, if needed, in an operating role
What you bring to the table:
Undergraduate degree
Creative and analytical mind; strong analytical skills
Ability to work with both qualitative and quantitative information
Strong researching skills
Strong work ethic and positive attitude
Project management skills
Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications, especially MS Excel
Solid written and verbal communication skills
About Balsam Brands: Balsam Brands is a multi-brand eCommerce retailer with roots in holiday and home décor. We strive for excellence in everything we do and present a unique opportunity to those who are seeking to have a meaningful impact in a fast-paced, high-energy environment. We love to reimagine eCommerce and retail in ways that thrill our customers, and to leave a lasting impact on the world around us. We have fast-growing teams in the Bay Area, Boise, Manila, and Dublin.

The company's outward focus on building trusted consumer brands along with its internal focus on excellence and being a great place to work have propelled it to consistent, rapid growth.
Balsam Brands in Forbes: http://bit.ly/balsamforbes
Balsam Brands on LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/balsam-brands/
Location: Redwood City, CA

Notes: This is a full-time, permanent position with benefits.

Contact: Please submit a cover letter and resume. Please include in your cover letter a dish that you would like to bring to one of our potlucks.

At Balsam Brands, we are dedicated to diversity in our dynamic and growing workforce and are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We consider qualified applicants without regard to race, ethnicity, religion, age, disability, protected veteran status, marital status, citizenship, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status.
