Position : Senior Data Scientist Location : Dallas, TX Job Description: 8-10 Years Experience    o Experience using Statistical and Machine Learning algorithms on real data, in commercial environments. Experience in the Telecom Domain is a big plus. o Experience with linear algebra, especially sparse systems o Excellent and wide ranging experience in supervised and unsupervised learning. Reinforcement learning a plus. o Experienced in the use and design of logistic regression, support vector machines, ensemble trees, and neural networks. Optimization problems a plus o Familiarity and experience with the standard machine learning packages, such as numpy, scipy scikit-learn, Tensorflow, keras and Theano o Deep knowledge in any of the flavors of SQL, o Experience in data munging, data cleansing etc. o Experience in feature selection, feature engineering. o Experience in the development of recommender systems. o Experience with Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Spark and MLlib. o Candidate should be very client oriented, proactive, innovative, problem solver. o Should be conversant with best practices in data sciences, data mining, and software development. o Experience with REST API o Very Good Knowledge on one and more Statistical Tool like R/Python o Solid hands-on experiences with Hadoop technology components such as HDFS, HBase, Cassandra, Kafka especially with Spark and Spark Streaming o Familiar with programming concepts with C/C++ and Java. o Very Good Knowledge on working with MS Office especially PowerPoint, Excel o Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships. o Personal gravitas with demonstrated ability to establish credibility with senior executive teams at large enterprise level o Good to have experience in Pricing and Profitability Analytics. o Lead customer interactions, while facilitating a wide range of activities. o Influence and transform the end-to-end delivery process to maximize the value Customers gain from Analytics o Should be able to quickly assess the areas in need of attention with a customer and propose solutions that can improve Customer’s ability to succeed. o Engage with the customer to drive improvements and scale based on past experiences. o Personal gravitas with demonstrated ability to establish credibility with senior executive teams at large enterprise level o Ability to handle multiple priorities and successfully execute in a dynamic environment. o Ability to facilitate Analytics discussion and flush out the details required to enable successful delivery. Understanding of Importance of Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery best practices and tooling. o Should be able to handle multiple projects and liaison with customer different teams to bring overall value add. o Should have strong people skills and good team management experience. Minimum Qualifications: ● BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. ● Experience with the delivery of engagements using Big Data Analytics techniques.
