With unparalleled technology and development centers in both Silicon Valley and Silicon Alley, APX has been the leading provider of intelligent energy solutions for almost 20 years. We are continually investing in and evolving our cutting edge technology, fully customizable to each of the dynamic energy markets in which we operate. Our unique Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solutions coupled with our expertly trained, experienced team serves as the bedrock of our power services—services so reliable, they underpin the majority of renewable energy and carbon credit programs in existence today.

Description:

APX, Inc. is seeking a Business Analyst to assist in expanding our current software product set for Wholesale Electric Power scheduling and settlement, with a focus on renewable energy and sustainability.

Responsibilities:
Operational monitoring of proprietary systems integrated with multiple wholesale power markets (ISOs/RTOs).
Identifying issues and working with the Product , Development, and Account Management teams to implement and test fixes.
Maintaining and customizing existing applications, ensuring maximum performance, and identifying ways to streamline daily operational monitoring and issue resolution, including the need for new or enhanced monitoring and analyst tools by defining business requirements.
Assisting in quality assurance for new features and applications.
Implementing and testing changes and fixes for minor ISO market changes utilizing APX analyst tools.
Reviewing external documentation and regulations and determining the impact to existing systems, or the changes required to support new initiatives.
Required Qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university.
Familiarity with software development and testing, or demonstrated experience in a technical field.
Familiarity with various technical languages and tools such as SQL, REST APIs, json, and XML (C# and HTML would be nice-to-have).
Preferred:
Minimum one year work experience in the wholesale power industry.
Hands-on experience with Sheduling/Settlement processes and using ISO system/portal in one or more of the following ISOs/RTOs: CAISO, MISO, PJM, ISO-NE, NYISO, SPP, ERCOT.
Experience working for or with electric utilities.
Experience with Agile/SCRUM development and using Visual Studio will be helpful.
Experience with systems integration, data warehousing, and data analysis.
Skills/Abilities:
High degree of analytical thinking and great attention to detail and sense of urgency.
Ability to take ownership of tasks and processes and drive them to completion.
Clear and Concise Oral and Written Communication.
Ability to work with technical programmers as well as external clients.
High proficiency with computers and mainstream application such as Microsoft Excel.
Commitment to customer service excellence.
Foster teamwork and collaboration.
Adhere to Business Processes and Work Flows.
Ability to multitask, meet deadlines and adapt to changing and evolving work environment priorities and demands in a fast-paced environment.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $60,000.00 - $90,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:
Bonus Pay
Experience:
business analysis: 1 year (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
This Company Describes Its Culture as:
Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes
Company's website:
APX.com
Benefit Conditions:
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
