Get your career started at eHealth


eHealthInsurance has many exciting career opportunities in a number of locations, across various functions. Come join us today!

At eHealth (NASDAQ: EHTH) we are passionate about helping our customers navigate through the complex world of health insurance. We work to drive greater transparency in the health insurance marketplace so that customers can make well-informed decisions on purchasing the right insurance products for them.

Job Summary

Our team’s goal is to architect eHealth’s acquisition and retained customer growth strategy. We are looking for a talented analyst to join our customer analytics team who loves working with data - parsing, analyzing, investigating, interpreting, modeling, and extracting knowledge from large volumes of data to drive informed decision-making across the company. You thrive in the cross-section of research and entrepreneurship. If you want make a direct impact on people’s lives, grow your technical skill-set, and gain valuable strategic leadership experience in a cross-functional team environment, we would love to meet you.

There are some important things we need you to have to be successful in this role:
2-3+ years of experience in a data analytics role or equivalent (consulting, business strategy/operations, marketing, finance, engineering).
M.S. in economics, applied math, statistics, engineering or other quantitative field or B.S. with demonstrated analytical experience.
Facility with databases, statistical software, and scripting experience are crucial technical foundational skills.
Strong oral and written communication skills; extremely attentive to detail.
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced startup environment.
On a typical day, you might:
Empirically define eHealth’s product market fit – in what ways are we successful and why?
Partner with business general managers to define business performance goals and strategies to achieve and measure success.
Provide actionable reporting, analysis, and core metric visualization that support growth strategies across our acquisition partners
eHealth is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. It is our policy to provide equal opportunity to all employees and applicants and to prohibit any discrimination because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, sexual orientation, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, or any other consideration made unlawful by applicable federal, state or local laws. The foundation of these policies is our commitment to treat everyone fairly and equally and to have a bias-free work environment.

If you are interested in applying for employment with eHealth and need special assistance or an accommodation to apply for a posted position contact us at: accommodations@ehealthinsurance.com.
