Job Description
Precise Solutions is an Illinois BEP/FBE (female owned business enterprise) certified consulting company founded in 2000. Our mission is to provide companies with specialized resources that can drive their system portfolio projects using program management processes, change management and blended learning solutions. Please visit our website at www.precise-solutions.com

At Precise Solutions, we are looking for top talent consultants to bring on as employees of our organization and service our clients in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries primarily located in the Northern Chicago Suburbs. We are much more than a consulting firm! Precise Solutions provides competitive compensation packages with great salaries, benefits, health insurance, paid time off and 401k. We currently have an immediate need for the following:

Job Title: Technical Business Analyst- Veeva

Client: Pharmaceutical, TBA

Business Unit: Business Technology Solutions Finance (HQIF)

Location: Sunnyvale, California

Pay Rate: $60- $65 pr. Hr. on W2 plus health, dental, vision insurance, 401k and PTO
Collaborate with internal and external stakeholders in requirements gathering/documentation, functional design, IT testing, coordinating user testing and providing as needed functional production support.
The Business Analyst will support our Sales/Commercial CRM application (Veeva) based on the Salesforce.com platform and should be familiar with pharma sales operations processes.
The resource should be comfortable working hands-on in Veeva CRM/Salesforce.com and will collaborate closely with Commercial, Sales, Medical, IT Operations, Marketing and our partner Veeva.
This role is responsible for ensuring system requirements fully meet the business issues being addressed in the team's solutions. Initially this will focus on gathering and documenting requirements from the business.
Over time, resource should become familiar with the business issues/needs such that you can be a consultant/advisor to our business partners to help guide system requirements.
Hiring Manager’s Notes
Open to look at candidates willing to relocate? Yes, but local preferred
Years of experience/education and/or certifcations required:
BS degree and at least 5 + years equivalent experience
What are the top 3-5 skills requirements should this person have?
Project implemetation: Salesforce.com Veeva CRM
Biotech/Pharma Lifescience-Strongly preferred
What is a nice to have (but not required)
Documentation Skils
Develoment experience
Training Experience
Training Material creation
What type of environment is this person working in?
Group setting and Individual Setting
Work Schedule: to Friday 8-5 on site (After Shelter in place order is lifted)
Does this position offer the ability to work remotely on a regular basis or is it an on-site role? If remote opportunity exists, what are the options (i.e. 1 day remote, 4 days on-site)? No
Will there be Domestic and/or International Travel? If yes, list proposed countries and % of time travelling: No
Powered by JazzHR

rVwdt6ZOxm
