Job Description
Position Overview:

The Sales Systems team is looking for a detail and process-oriented Business Analyst to work closely with business owners to deliver on individual projects for the line of business teams. He or she will drive cross-functional teams through requirement gathering sessions and document the business requirements. He or she will be responsible for collaborating with partners and development teams to execute solution delivery. The ideal candidate has demonstrated success in a business analyst role and has five years of SFDC experience.

Responsibilities:
Build strong partnerships and relationships with business and technical leaders.
Function as a business analyst that is accountable for business requirements gathering and documentation, writing user acceptance testing script and oversee and participate in testing of Sales Systems projects of varying complexity.
Partner with cross-functional teams and Sales Systems project teams to produce requirements and design for business capabilities that align with business and technology strategies.
Develop visual current state and end state business architecture models that can be leveraged in the analysis required for various technology project opportunities – includes the maintenance of roles and capabilities and the decomposition of business processes.
Identify solutions using standard analysis techniques such as business process and information flow modeling, case analysis, workflow analysis, functional decomposition analysis.
Skill/Experience/Education:

Mandatory:
4+ years of business process analysis and system design experience in sales processes.
3+ years of experience using and configuring Salesforce.com CRM as a business analyst.
Desired:
Undergraduate degree: Bachelor of Science / Bachelor of Arts.
Experience using multiple software development methodologies including one of the following: Waterfall or Agile/SCRUM.
Outstanding leadership, facilitation and problem-solving skills. Ability to effectively collaborate and influence at all levels of the organization.
A broad enterprise-wide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation of strategy, processes, and capabilities, enabling technologies and governance.
Strong situational analysis and decision-making abilities.
The ability to visualize and create high-level models (rigorous information-rich diagrams) that can be used in future analysis to extend and mature the business architecture.
Experience working in a fast-paced, high-growth, and results-orientated environment that demands excellence.
Ability to succeed in a highly collaborative team environment with multiple in-flight initiatives and stakeholders.
Exceptional communication skills and the demonstrable ability to communicate appropriately at all levels of the organization; this includes written and verbal communications as well as visualizations.
Powered by JazzHR

uwvQszQLQc
