Quotient is growing and we are looking for a Sales Analyst to join our Revenue Operations team.

The Sales Analyst plays a critical role in supporting the sales teams in the development and evaluation of sales reports and KPIs. This individual should be responsible for developing insights and trends to inform the business and assisting in delivering business unit reporting to support data-driven decision making.

The Sales Analyst supports reporting and analytics initiatives. This individual will ensure high levels of data quality, integrity, and validity. The role is responsible for creating report documentation, completing data management responsibilities, and producing various reporting and analytic solutions. This individual will work closely with sales staff to ensure understanding of the data results and incorporation into the business.


What you’ll do:
Develop and manage KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) to measure all aspects of the selling process.
Analyze and monitor performance to assist sales and leadership team in developing plans that will lead to achievement of goals.
Develop and maintain standardized operational reports, dashboards, and data sources to monitor overall territory health, data integrity, and other key objectives and performance indicators
Produce daily, weekly, monthly and ad-hoc reports using Microstrategy, SQL, Salesforce.com (CRM), Microsoft Excel and other business reporting tools
Responsible for accuracy and timeliness of reports.
Collect, analyze, evaluate, and report data to track sales performance and metrics
Collaborate cross-functionally within the Sales Operation organization to ensure consistent reporting standards and processes
Support development and maintenance of annual strategic distribution business plan
Help manage the business information warehouse tools (SFDC, revenue recognition tools, etc.) which supports management reporting and analysis of sales and orders
Identify core process areas for improvement, create metrics, goals, compensation plans and resource plans to achieve objectives
Identify and develops tools to effectively communicate strategic priorities, corporate initiatives and guidelines to the field sales organization
Support day-to-day inquiries from the sales team.

What you'll bring:
2+ years of hands on work experience in data analytics and/or sales operations
Analytical Problem Solving: Willingness to deep-dive into the details combined with ability to step back and synthesize data to make meaningful recommendations
Strong data and modeling skills with expertise in Microstrategy, SQL, Excel, Salesforce
Verbal & Written Communications: Ability to articulate your ideas in presentations and reports across the Quotient organization, from senior executives to your peers
Must be detail oriented and be able to prioritize effectively to meet strict deadlines
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
Must have : Experience with any Reporting tool (MicroStrategy, Business Objects, Tableau, Qlik view)

About Quotient Technology:

Quotient Technology is the leading digital promotions, media and analytics company that delivers personalized digital coupons and ads – informed by proprietary shopper and online engagement data – to millions of shoppers daily. We use our proprietary Promotions, Media, Audience and Analytics Cloud Platforms and services to seamlessly target audiences, optimize performance, and deliver measurable, incremental sales for CPG and retail marketers. We serve hundreds of CPGs and retailers nationwide, including Clorox, Procter & Gamble, General Mills, Unilever, Albertsons Companies, CVS, Dollar General and Ahold-Delhaize USA. Quotient is based in Mountain View, California, and has offices in Bangalore, Cincinnati, New York, Paris and London, and Tel Aviv. Visit www.quotient.com for more information.
