Currently Open - Business Intelligence Consultant


KPI Partners is Oracle’s #1 partner for Oracle Business Intelligence. KPI has a 100% focus on Oracle Business Intelligence (previously called Siebel Analytics), Data Warehousing and Hyperion. KPI Partners has won numerous awards including Oracle’s BI Partner of the Year Award, Oracle Excellence Award and many others.

The founders of KPI Partners are ex-product managers for Oracle Business Intelligence. They have deep roots in these products and with the engineering and sales teams that build and sell these products. This gives them ready access to sales opportunities and the ability to discuss technical issues with the engineering experts for these products.

Job Summary - What we're looking for...

KPI Partners’ Business Intelligence Practice is currently hiring all levels of Business Intelligence consultants. The consultant is responsible for supporting our business activities through active work on client engagements. Minimum requirement is a comprehensive understanding of Computer Systems and Programming. Minimum Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field. BE/B.Tech, BCA, M/sc, ME/ M.Tech, MBA, MCA, should apply. Master's degree is a plus.
Minimum of 1-2 years of OBIEE experience a must
1 year of SQL experience a must
1 year of star schemas and data warehousing concepts a must
1 year of experience with other Business Intelligence products such as Cognos, Business Objects, Microstrategy or Hyperion will be seriously considered as we are very confident that our training program will convert these skills to Oracle Business Intelligence
These positions require 60% to 80% travel although we have been successful at finding local projects and the use of remote technologies (i.e. VPN, Webex, etc.) to reduce the amount of travel
We are interested in candidates throughout the US and Canada
What We Give to our Consultants
Competitive salary and benefits package
Opportunity to lead project teams as either a technical lead or a project manager as you gain experience
A supportive work environment
