It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

We are seeking a highly motivated Sr. Business Operations Analyst with exceptional analytical skills coupled with a broad, strategic view of business performance metrics and processes. The team itself is tasked with solving the most pressing strategic and operational issues across the company and driving thoughtful and timely insights to the company's executive team. The successful candidate will have the ability to work across multiple business units (Finance, Sales, Marketing, Product Management, etc.) to identify, define, scope, solve, and implement scale-able solutions to complex business problems.

The opportunity reports to the Manager, Business Analytics, and will work to develop, manage, and refine the design of company-wide revenue, bookings, product, and other performance related reporting processes. The role requires an execution-focused candidate who can quickly become familiar with our SAAS business, associated metrics, and is able to support business decisions through in-depth analysis coupled with sound business judgment. You will play an integral role in the strategic decision-making of the business and should be passionate about the creation, management, and translation of large datasets to help answer key operational questions.

Your day-to-day
Help drive Proofpoint's financial and performance related reporting processes - identify, develop, and implement next-generation reporting leveraging BI platform to help drive efficient and accurate decision making
Build and maintain complex business and forecast models used to drive business insights and help support informed recommendations deliver the right information, to the right people, at the right time
Work cross-functionally to highlight, develop, refine, and distribute key, company-wide operating metrics by using existing knowledge of SQL, CRM/Salesforce systems, Business Intelligence (Power BI) tools, and processes to drive valuable business insights
Combine your analytical presence with innate soft skills to proactively initiate, develop, and maintain effective working relationships with various cross-functional teams across the company
Gather, consolidate, and analyze key operating, financial, and sales performance results including in-depth analysis of revenue and bookings trends, sales team and product performance metrics, quarterly variances, and customer retention rates
What you bring to the team
3-5+ years of experience driving meaningful insights from complex datasets; experience working cross-functionally to develop accurate and efficient operational processes that join disparate data sources and transform the way leaders view the business
BA/BS degree in appropriate quantitative discipline, i.e. Business Analytics, Statistics, Finance, Economics, or other applicable business-related field; or commensurate real-world experience in any of these areas
MBA a plus but not necessary
Experience working in a high-growth, public tech environment (SAAS preferable)
Proven experience in managing large datasets, developing insights from ambiguous data and facilitating data-driven decisions
History of executing & managing multiple simultaneous projects from multiple stakeholders
Experience using SQL to extract, manipulate, and analyze data from a data warehouse to build compelling interactive reports using a BI tool (e.g. Power BI, Tableau, Looker)
Advanced statistical, analytical, and data modeling skills
Experience in CRM/Salesforce a plus
Experience in Microsoft Power BI a huge plus
Strong interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills a must
If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!
