Posted: Apr 13, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200157401
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

The people here at Apple don’t just build products — they build the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that inspires the innovation that runs through everything we do, from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it.
The Retail Fulfillment Operations (RFO) team strives to provide cutting-edge innovation and operational excellence for best-in-class customer experience. RFO turns Retail Fulfillment into a key value proposition for Apple’s direct customers, through Planning, Execution and Strategic Programs.
We are seeking a motivated candidate to work with in our team as a Senior Business Analyst. This role will have a combination of business insight and technical knowledge, used to develop and deliver reporting and analysis enabling rapid decision-making. You will focus on supporting the growth of Apple’s products, routes to market and critical operations initiatives. This role is highly visible, interacting with executives and networking throughout Apple’s organization. We are looking for an individual that will help to inspire, change, and help drive Apple’s reporting strategy.
Key Qualifications
Experience: Data Analyst, Project Management, Operations, Supply Chain, Retail (stores and eCommerce). Candidates with knowledge of SQL, Teradata, Tableau, Alteryx, and Excel.
Job :
Develop, maintain, and own robust reporting KPI’s that help to guide the business and measure success.
Build and create new reporting needs for both online/retail operations teams.
Experience with applying techniques to provide solutions to real business problems.
Specialist in taking complex data and helping to make it easily understood for business and technical teams.
Understanding of how to build business cases and defining how large/small a problem is.
Collaborate with business intelligence teams to build global reporting needs for business teams.
Understanding and ability to deep dive operational data and make recommendations to peers and leadership.
Support development of predictive models and simulations with partnerships with advanced analytics teams.
Serve as a liaison between online and retail teams in sales, finance, logistics, procurement, and operations teams.
Establish a global WBR, MBR, and QBR structure and build a sustainable metrics platform.
Description
Description
A team player with a “hands-on” and “can do” attitude that can influence through collaboration and leadership. Being able to work effectively with other teams and taking them along for the journey is critical.
Analytical, curious and creative attitude.
Cut through ambiguity and be able to find a path or solution rather than waiting or deferring responsibility.
Excellence and a keen eye for detail should be a habit.
Experience in analytics and comfortable with large data sets and knowledge of relational databases.
Superb communication and presentation skills (keynote, xls).
Ability to make critical decisions and deliver results under extremely tight timelines.
Passion for the customer experience.
Education & Experience
Minimum 5 years experience in a data analytics or a supply chain analyst role,
E-commerce, inventory management, strategic data solutions, and supply chain
BS/BA degree required.
