Anritsu Company is the United States subsidiary of Anritsu Corporation, a global provider of innovative communications test and measurement solutions for 120 years. Anritsu’s“2020 VISION” philosophy engages customers as true partners to help develop wireless, optical, microwave/RF, and digital instruments as well as operation support systems for R&D, manufacturing, installation, and maintenance applications. Anritsu also provides precision microwave/RF components, optical devices, and high-speed electrical devices for communication products and systems. The company develops advanced solutions for 5G, M2M, IoT, as well as other emerging and legacy wireline and wireless communication markets. With offices throughout the world, Anritsu has approximately 4,000 employees in over 90 countries. To learn more visit www.anritsu.com and follow Anritsu on Facebook, Google+ LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube.

Anritsu is committed to providing a comprehensive and competitive benefits package to all employees. We offer standard benefits such as major medical, vision and dental coverage, life insurance, Employee Assistance Plan, Flexible Spending Accounts, a generous 401(k) Matching Plan, Tuition Reimbursement, and profit sharing. Our benefit package is designed to positively impact all aspects of your life; to help you and your family succeed; and to maintain our status as a“perfect job.” Come find out what Anritsu has to offer you!

Anritsu has aggressive plans for future growth and views the IT organization as a key enabler to future business success. Anritsu expects the IT department a play a key role with an expectation to not only enable business success but to also create value and generate results. This critical role will be very challenging yet extremely exciting for the candidate who is driven by an opportunity to play a leadership role and making an impact and difference at all levels within the organization. This highly visible position reports to the IT Director for the America’s region. Anritsu America’s has operations in US, Canada, Mexico and Brazil.

As aBusiness Systems Functional Analyst based in Morgan Hill, CA you will be responsible for assessing the SAP S4/HANA system landscape, analyzing options, and identifying improvement and solution configuration opportunities. You will lead and manage the related improvement initiatives and projects to take the enterprise to higher levels of performance through improved utilization of systems and processes. Collaborate across the organization to assess end to end processes, benchmark versus best practices and identify improvements needed to enable higher efficiency and world class performance. Facilitate change management process to insure successful implementations and maintenance. Conduct ongoing assessments of external technology, best practices and internal processes to identify future improvement opportunities. Build dynamic, automated capabilities as well as data standards. Ensure comprehensive documentation of business requirements and system usage are in place using techniques such as process maps, value stream mapping and flowcharts.

Responsibilities include:
Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats.
Designs and configures SAP S4/HANA modules by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications.
Analyzes business process or problems, proposing the solution, and configure SAP Module.
Recommends controls by identifying problems; writing improved procedures.
Defines project requirements by identifying project milestones, phases, and elements; forming project team; establishing project budget.
Monitors project progress by tracking activity; resolving problems; publishing progress reports; recommending actions.
Maintains system protocols by writing and updating procedures.
Provides references for users by writing and maintaining user documentation; providing help desk support; training users.
Maintains user confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential.
Prepares technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications;
This position will be reporting to the IT Director based in Morgan Hill, CA
Requirements:
BS/BA in computer technology or related field preferred
Minimum 5 years’ experience in SAP S4/HANA system/module support and implementation
Expert level configuration experience in the following SAP S4/HANA Modules FICO, SD, SM, MM, PP, QM/RD
Demonstrated track record in supporting a variety business functional areas and systems
Good understanding and experience working with SAP SOLMON, IBP/GTS/VC and SAC.
Prior experience in training users is a plus.
Experience in IT Service Design/Management and ITIL Framework is a plus
In order to be successful in this role, the following competencies and behavior skills are required:
Excellent business analysis& data analysis skills
Detail oriented and good planning and organization skills
Excellent communication and cross-functional, team influencing skills
Self-starter and proactively determine and implement solutions aligned with business value
Why work at Anritsu? Please visit us on Comparably to see what our employees love about working here!
