Position-

Salesforce Technical Architect

Location: Fully remote

Role Description: The Salesforce Technical Architect would need to have at least 2-5 years of experience. Software as Service professionals demonstrate skills and experience related to Software as a Service (SaaS) - software delivery model in which software and associated data are centrally hosted on the cloud.

Salesforce.com professionals demonstrate skills in Salesforce.com which is the leader in CRM solutions for customer relationship management software and cloud computing.

As the successful candidate, you will be able to design technical architecture solutions that span multiple platforms and include integration and authentication across systems; manage the development lifecycle to ensure the delivery of highly secure solutions that are optimized for performance and built to scale; articulate design considerations, trade-offs, benefits, and recommendations for a technical architecture.

As the Technical Architect, you will have support from the Global Delivery Group as well as from local support resources provided by the global team.

Key Responsibilities:

- Collaborate with Functional team to determine how best to implement solution (decisions around declarative vs programmatic vs AppExchange, etc.).

- Escalation point for technical issues.

- Solution components that are outside of the Salesforce platform:

- Expert platform knowledge.

- Security.

- Integration (including a technology/not just) and data Migration.

- End to End Technical Solutions.

- Play TA role on projects: typically, part-time on more than 1 project at a time.

- People Manager have regular 1-on-1s, perform annual reviews, etc.

- Sales Support: Help scope, solution, and estimate sales opportunities alongside a delivery lead. Assist in SOW creation, etc.

- Practice Development: Mentor resources, take on leadership roles to expand overall practice capabilities, etc.

Basic Qualifications:

- A minimum of 2 years of experience developing Salesforce customizations (Apex/VF), integrations, and developing and executing data migrations.

- A minimum of 2 years of experience creating the technical architecture for complex Salesforce implementations.

- A minimum of 5 years of experience in technology implementation for full lifecycle enterprise software projects.

Preferred Skills:

- Strong background in Cloud Computing solutions – cloud computing strategy, systems design, implementation and management.

- Consulting experience with medium to large consulting firms focusing on cloud computing related consulting (storage, SaaS, multi-tenant computing, large scale computing environments, etc.).

- Demonstrated knowledge of XML, SQL, HTTP/HTTPS, and EAI processes.

- Familiarity with multiple implementation standards and methodologies.

- Programming Languages – APEX, VisualForce, Familiarity with ANT and Eclipse tools for working with the IDE.

- Salesforce.com and other certifications, required.

- Very strong work ethic with a customer service focus (high intensity).

- 15+ years of consulting experience preferred; executive level sales support experience in consulting/professional services.

- Bachelor’s degree in a related field preferred.

Professional Skill Requirements:

- Proven ability to build, manage and foster a team-oriented environment.

- Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment Desire to work in an information systems environment.

- Excellent communication (written and oral) and interpersonal skills.

- Excellent leadership and management skills.

Position-

Business System Analyst/ Administrator

Location: San Jose / Fully remote

Position Overview:

The Sales Systems team is looking for a detail and process-oriented Business Analyst to work closely with business owners to deliver on individual projects for the line of business teams. He or she will drive cross-functional teams through requirement gathering sessions and document the business requirements. He or she will be responsible for collaborating with partners and development teams to execute solution delivery. The ideal candidate has demonstrated success in a business analyst role and has five years of SFDC experience.

Responsibilities:
Build strong partnerships and relationships with business and technical leaders.
Function as a business analyst that is accountable for business requirements gathering and documentation, writing user acceptance testing script and oversee and participate in testing of Sales Systems projects of varying complexity.
Partner with cross-functional teams and Sales Systems project teams to produce requirements and design for business capabilities that align with business and technology strategies.
Develop visual current state and end state business architecture models that can be leveraged in the analysis required for various technology project opportunities – includes the maintenance of roles and capabilities and the decomposition of business processes.
Identify solutions using standard analysis techniques such as business process and information flow modeling, case analysis, workflow analysis, functional decomposition analysis.
Skill/Experience/Education:

Mandatory:
4+ years of business process analysis and system design experience in sales processes.
3+ years of experience using and configuring Salesforce.com CRM as a business analyst.
Desired:
Undergraduate degree: Bachelor of Science / Bachelor of Arts.
Experience using multiple software development methodologies including one of the following: Waterfall or Agile/SCRUM.
Outstanding leadership, facilitation and problem-solving skills. Ability to effectively collaborate and influence at all levels of the organization.
A broad enterprise-wide view of the business and varying degrees of appreciation of strategy, processes, and capabilities, enabling technologies and governance.
Strong situational analysis and decision-making abilities.
The ability to visualize and create high-level models (rigorous information-rich diagrams) that can be used in future analysis to extend and mature the business architecture.
Experience working in a fast-paced, high-growth, and results-orientated environment that demands excellence.
Ability to succeed in a highly collaborative team environment with multiple in-flight initiatives and stakeholders.
Exceptional communication skills and the demonstrable ability to communicate appropriately at all levels of the organization; this includes written and verbal communications as well as visualizations.
Position-

Salesforce Developer

Location: San Jose / Fully remote

Job Description : -
Manage day to day development activities on the salesforce.com platform using Apex and Visual Force
Support the creation of customizations and integrations required to solution delivery
Configure the Salesforce.com application based on the business requirements
Develop custom applications using apex, visualforce, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML, CSS
Apply best practices and experience to build Salesforce.com applications.
Develop estimates for projects
Work closely with other developers in the team, business analyst, QA analyst and project managers.
Research Salesforce.com capabilities as needed to suit business requirements, and provide gap analysis
Certifications
Certified Salesforce Developer
Certified Salesforce Administrator
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $74,362.00 - $250,000.00 per year

Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Salesforce: 1 year (Required)
Education:
Bachelor's (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Required)
Contract Length:
Varies
Contract Renewal:
Possible
Full Time Opportunity:
Yes
Work Location:
Multiple locations
Fully Remote
