Role: Navision Business Analyst

Location: Sunnyvale, CA ( Local preferred)

Client : Thermo Fisher Scientific

Rate : 60 per hour max on C2C and $55/hr on W-2

Project Overview: We are in a need of a Business Analyst within the Sales Distribution functional area to be able to support the Sustaining Operations and Projects needs of the Navision business users. The resource will be assisting the Microsoft Navision end users
1) Incidents Triaging within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area
2) Executing Standard Request within the Navision SD Functional Area and Navision MMPP Functional Area
3) Documenting the business requirements for the enhancements work
4) Participating in the Daily/Weekly Operational calls with IT and Business
5) Testing and Validating the fixes delivered by the Development team

Role Scope / Deliverables: ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.
Support Microsoft Navision and related software.
Knowledge of Sales and Distribution techniques, methods, and tools. Subject matter best practices.
Knowledge of Microsoft Navision reporting capabilities.
Develop IT and end-user documentation for processes and procedures.
Participate in Service Desk function to resolve user related support calls.
Prepare and execute test plans for new functionality.
Publish communication related to the deployment of new functionality.
Translate user requests into user requirements and program specifications.
Work with Enterprise Shared Services and programmers to assure compliance to program specifications
Develop training outlines for end-users and collaborate with documentation specialists
Liaise with Divisional Management to understand direction within their functional area of responsibility
Monitor compliance with Service Level Agreements for site.
Support business initiatives utilizing Project Management expertise.
Maintain security in compliance with our client's Security directives.
Ensure compliance to our client's IT Policies and Guidelines.
Travel can range from 25%-50%.
Gather user requirements to develop solutions and alternatives.
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs.
Translate high-level information into details as well as summarize detailed information.
Communicate and collaborate with users to analyze information needs and functional requirements.
Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze tradeoffs between usability and performance needs.
Work with users to define concepts under direction of project leaders.
Serve as the conduit between the user community and the software development team through which requirements flow.
Develop requirements specifications according to standard templates.
Liaise between the business, technology teams and support teams.
Comply with company's Global IT Policies & Procedures.
Other duties as assigned.

Key Skills: Excellent knowledge of business processes and best practices.
Knowledge of Microsoft Navision in specified area ( MMPP & OM)
3-7 years of business experience in functional area.
2-4 years of Microsoft Navision experience.
4 year degree or 5-7 years' experience in related area.
Relevant technical certificates a plus.
4+ years of related technical work experience.
Strong interpersonal and excellent documentation skills are a must.
Able to assume and complete assignments independently.
Ability to explain and champion technical concepts to a broad audience.
Excellent customer service skills required.
Strong analytical and product management skills required, including a thorough understanding of how to interpret customer business needs and translate them into application and operational requirements.
Strong project management skills and understanding of project management lifecycle.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group, executives, managers, and subject matter experts.
