Join our team and experience Workday!

It's fun to work in a company where people truly believe in what they're doing. At Workday, we're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business of enterprise applications. We work hard, and we're serious about what we do. But we like to have a good time, too. In fact, we run our company with that principle in mind every day: One of our core values is fun.

Job Description

Senior Business Systems Analyst: Analyzes complex business problems to be solved with automated systems. Provides technical expertise in identifying, evaluating and developing systems and procedures that are cost effective and meet user requirements. Configures system settings and options; plans and executes unit, integration and acceptance testing; and creates specifications for systems to meet business requirements. Designs details of automated systems. May provide consultation to users in the area of automated systems. May lead cross-functional linked teams to address business or systems issues. Note: May be internal or external, client-focused, working in conjunction with Professional Services and outsourcing functions. May include company-wide, web-enabled solutions.

Responsibilities:
Work closely with business partners to understand business processes, goals and gaps.
Drive the planning, prioritization, design, development and deployment of new projects & system enhancements.
Responsible for understanding business requirements, creating/grooming user stories, and partnering with the Development team to deliver a solution and a plan for projects & enhancements
Leverage business knowledge and expertise to identify opportunities for process improvements.
Participate in the change management and go live support processes.
Facilitate review sessions with functional owners, subject matter experts and end-user representatives.
Maintains a high-level familiarity with other IT system / business application capabilities and scope definition to make recommendations about potential upstream/downstream integration or functionality intersection points.
Coordinate and perform system testing to ensure requirements are met. Work closely with project team during user acceptance testing (UAT); including tracking issues through to resolution and securing end user acceptance sign-off.
Requirements:
5+ years of IT experience with a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS, Computer Engineering or equivalent technical degree
3+ years experience with Salesforce.com (Sales Cloud), preferably supporting Enterprise Legal and/or Finance functions
Hands on experience with Salesforce configuration, testing & support is required
CLM experience is required
Experience supporting multiple integrated systems in an Enterprise technology environment
End to end implementation experience including requirements documentation, systems configuration, project management, issue management, communication and change management.
Self-motivated team player with clear and effective communications skills; solid time management & organization skills; ability to manage multiple and often changing priorities.
Attention to detail with the ability to analyze and solve complex problems as well as provide documentation, guidance and instruction to users.
Demonstrated ability to learn and embrace new technologies, applications, and solutions
Preferred Skills:
Agile / SCRUM experience preferred
Salesforce Lightning experience preferred
Experience with CPQ and Order Management systems is a plus
Workday is proud of its diverse workforce, but does not sponsor employment visas or consider individuals on time-limited visas that will require sponsorship now or in the future for this position.

*LI-ST1
