Role Life Insurance Business Analyst Position Full Time Duration 1+ Year Location Fremont, CA Experience 6+ Indrasol is currently seeking a Life Insurance Business Analyst with Digital Transformation Experience to join our team! Position Summary At Indrasol, members of our Product Management Team are responsible for driving profitable growth for our clients combining your leadership and analytical skills, you will provide data-driven insight to influence strategies and execute initiatives. With general supervision from the manager, the primary job function is to work largely independently to monitor, audit and analyze product performance, recognize opportunities and make recommendations to achieve overall profitability and growth in assigned states and line of business. Provides assistance and contribute to product and pricing improvements and development of next-generation insurance products. Essential Job Functions - Works independently to monitor, audit, and analyze product performance to identify issues and opportunities. - Tests new rating models against existing ones to determine the performance of accuracy of prediction, loss ratio improvement, and segmentation. - Provides assistance and contribute to product and pricing improvements and development of next-generation insurance products. Recommends ideas to improve product offerings, process improvements, andor goal changes. - Meets with management and team to present analysis needs Prepares reports, graphs, and charts based on research and analysis. Operates within a project plan to incorporate business objectives, data scope, research methodology, resources, and timeframe. - Serves as a contact for reporting needsissues regarding complex data. Participates in the formation of business plans and forecasts and provides answers to questions about business data to appropriate business units. Qualification - Bachelorrsquos degree in Business or related field of study - 3+ years of life insurance experience with product, pricing, underwriting, and insurance regulation knowledge. - 3+ years of product management, product development andor analytical experience in insurance, consulting, or similar industry, or equivalent combination of educationexperience - Excellent communication, analytical and problem-solving skills - Proven history of taking the initiative and driving projects to completion - Analytical experience in life insurance domain Preferred qualification - Actuarial exams and designations (ACAS, FCAS, CERA) or risk and insurance designations from the Institutes (AINS, AIC, ARM, CPCU, etc.) - Experience in defining digital transformation using AIML technologies - Strong understanding of Data Science and Analytics
