Job: IT/Information Systems
Primary Location: United States-California-Sunnyvale-US-CA-Sunnyvale
Schedule: Full-time
Requisition ID: 201239

Description

Joining Intuitive Surgical means joining a team dedicated to using technology to benefit patients by improving surgical efficacy and
decreasing surgical invasiveness, with patient safety as our highest priority.

Opportunity:

If you exemplify our values and want to be part of a Company that is passionate about providing value for the patients and customers we serve, this is the role for you.

Primary Function of Position:

As the Principal Business Analyst- Construction, this person will be responsible for collaborating with various internal and external groups to ensure that complex construction engineering projects are delivered on time and within budget. Additional duties would also include extracting insights from large operational data sets related to strategic portfolio planning, workplace planning, occupancy planning, and construction projects. The role will report to Sr. Manager Corporate Operations FP&A and work in partnership with other team members (e.g., space planning, program management, finance, construction management, IT, workplace services, facilities management, real estate acquisitions, indirect procurement, building occupants, and executive leadership) to successfully track performance of ongoing and upcoming projects along with delivering operational insights. In this role, assigned person will be performing following duties:
Develop dashboards of projects to provide insights related to project schedule, key progress indicators (KPIs), unit costs, and industry benchmarks.
Develop insights and reports for strategic planning, resource management, and continuous improvement.
Provide project controls support including comprehensive risk analysis of budgets and cost management of multiple projects.
Partner with a team of space planners, financial managers, project managers, and executive leadership to develop reports for tracking and measuring KPIs and operational insights.
Develop occupancy analysis reporting and dashboards to effectively communicate occupancy/vacancy ratios, capacity, department space trends, headcount projections, and workplace conditions.
Extract and organize data from sources such as occupancy planning tools, spreadsheets, and data bases to develop insights that help improve space utilization and efficiency.
Detailed Roles and Responsibilities:

PLANNING & CAPITAL/EXPENSE PROJECTS:
Support project teams in developing and maintaining project budgets, forecasts, cost plans and other financial information. Analyze projects data to compare budgeted cost with accrued cost reports and utilize this data to monitor and track cash flow information related to financial metrics.
Participate in various ongoing strategic initiatives to develop new tools for planning, analysis and risk assessment of capital projects
Analyze projects data for cost and schedule to highlight trends and insights by developing custom reports and dashboards to help monitor and control projects throughout their life-cycle planning to execution phase.
STRATEGIC PORTFOLIO PLANNING:
Work closely with real estate acquisitions, facilities, finance and company leadership to develop dashboards related to the master planning of long-range facilities for the company.
Produce and maintain accurate and reliable supply and demand projection dashboards for space planning and potential future growth that will be reported to C-suite and other relevant stakeholders.
Partner with internal and external stakeholders to develop dashboards for business headcount forecasting, space tracking needs and metrics for budget allotment.
OCCUPANCY PLANNING AND WORKPLACE STRATEGY:
Partner with space planning team for occupancy planning of our global real estate portfolio and develop dashboards to guide workplace strategies and optimize space utilization.
Analyze information for data integrity and consistency extracted from Computer Added Facilities Management (CAFM) system related to occupancy, space utilization and departmental allocation.
Develop occupancy analysis reporting and dashboards to effectively communicate occupancy/vacancy ratios, capacity, department space trends, headcount projections and workplace conditions.

Qualifications

Skill/Job Requirements:
Bachelors Degree in business, finance, civil engineering, or construction management from an accredited institution. Masters Degree in business, civil engineering, or construction management preferred.
Experience in project controls of construction projects, space planning analytics, or related field
Excellent customer service skills including strong organizational, interpersonal and communication skills.
Strong analytical skills with experience in strategic planning, analysis, reporting, and KPI tracking.
Experience with data analytics tools for data visualization, business intelligence, and project controls such as Tableau, Excel, Smartsheet, Primavera P6, and SQL.
Detail-oriented, analytical, and capable of effectively assessing data.
Ability to work independently, as well as collaborate in a larger group.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Working knowledge/proficiency with project management, project controls concepts, computer applications such as scheduling software, financial tools, and spreadsheets.
Analysis of real estate and space related data, ability to identify trends and monitor performance
Financial and budget analysis experience.
Ability to work effectively with all levels within the company and external vendors.
Able to manage processes, relationships and influence effectively within a matrix organization
Ability to act as both a thought leader and operational expert around data visualization/reporting.
Ability to understand customer input in analysis and design; see issues, problems, or solutions that are not obvious to others; manage processes that are effective, easy to execute and replicate.
Ability to establish and meet goals, support and facilitate the work of others, and manage multiple projects/requests simultaneously with minimal direction.
Ability to quickly learn new tools, process improvement and change management.

We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer.
We will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records in accordance with fair chance laws.
