Description:
Description:

Roles and Responsibilities:

Support ISI's production and quality processes and all associated business systems functions.
Be able to lead and facilitate business user meetings to gather process information.
Create functional specifications, detailed design documents, testing scripts for SAP project and enhancements.
Conduct QA validations and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) tests.
Conduct deployment activities for projects and provide training to new users as required.

Skill/Job Requirements
Minimum of 8 years of experience in a full cycle implementation as well as in support projects.
Minimum of 5 years designing and configuring SAP PP modules knowledge of the key integration points between the other SAP modules
Minimum of 5 years designing and configuring SAP QM modules knowledge of the key integration points between the other SAP modules
6+ years related experience covering Business system analyst, and prior demonstrated implementation experience on at least one package ERP application. SAP experience is required with a strong lead role in implementation is preferred
Bachelor's degree in Engineering or equivalent experience.
Hands on experience in Manufacturing, MRP (planning), Demand management, Inventory management.
Very conversant with a track record of implementing repetitive manufacturing business process supporting make to order and stock to order process. Quality Management experience is required.
Production Execution: Should be very hands on with:
o Production Planning Master Data
o Production Order Types
o Production Order and Process Order Confirmation
o Working knowledge of PP/MM integration
o Discrete/Repetitive/Rework/Process Order execution configuration and process knowledge
With SAP Quality Management, the below skills are required :
o Sampling
o Info records
o Engineering workbench
o Inspection lot processing
o In Process/ GR/ recurring/Customer Return inspection
o Quality Certificates
o Quality Notifications
o Test Equipment management
Analyze business requirements and perform customizing, configuration, integration, upgrades, testing, documentation preparation, implementation and operational support for SAP Plant Maintenance module in the below areas:
o Master data
o Maintenance Notifications
o Maintenance Orders
o Calibration
Job Posting Type

Agency Recruited Worker Required
