Brillio Brillio is forging ahead aggressively amidst the current COVID-19 situation and continues to hire for various roles globally - with all interviewing and on-boarding done virtually. Brillio has invested in the right capabilities to adapt to the new normal and empower its employees to operate seamlessly. All the new joiners, along with the Brillio family, will temporarily work remotely until it is safe to return to our offices. Read Brilliorsquos Chief Operating and Delivery Officer, Aftab Ullahrsquos statement about Brillio's hiring plans in the leading publications - The Times of India (httpstinyurl.comybw2ya9v httpsapc01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com?urlhttps3A2F2Ftinyurl.com2Fybw2ya9vampdata027C017Cmafas.k40brillio. ) and The Weekrsquos (httpstinyurl.comydhjltys httpsapc01.safelinks.protection.outlook.com?urlhttps3A2F2Ftinyurl.com2Fydhjltysampdata027C017Cmafas.k40brillio. ) latest stories about the positive hiring sentiments of tech firms. Job Description Position Title Salesforce Business System Analyst Location Santa Clara, CA Responsibilities Understand Salesforce capabilities and limitations and can clearly communicate those to customers. Lead discovery workshops, which includes the facilitation of large audiences, solution presentations, and prototype demonstrations. Responsible for identification and inventory of customer process pain points and gaps in best practices. Perform rapid analysis and decomposition of complex business information into technical process components. Can interpret technical and business strategy roadmaps and apply a detailed technical solution. Comfortable building and demonstrating Salesforce capabilities. Strong presenter to C Suite level audiences as well as technical teams. Comfortable with heavy involvement in user acceptance test planning. Effectively leverage multiple implementation team types (User experience, Change Management, Global Development Centers, Developer Communities). Required skills 2+ yearsrsquo experience working within the Salesforce platform on an Administrative or Development level. Should have Sales cloud, Service cloud implementation experience. Strong presentation and communication skills. Experience with Salesforce.com developer toolkit including Apex Classes, Controllers and Triggers, Visualforce, Force.com IDE, Migration Tool, Web Services is a plus. Have hands on experience in several mid-size, global implementations using Salesforce service cloud. Working knowledge of system development life cycle methodologies (Agile and Waterfall). CPQ Integration experience with any Billing, or Subscriptions system is a plus.
