Job Description
Primary Skills: Business Analysis, Procurement, Buying/Purchasing
Duration: 3+ Months with potential to extend
Contract Type: W2 Only

Job Description:
Support the creation of detailed business analysis for procurement in IT, outlining problems, opportunities and solutions for IT as a business.
Analyze current process of IT business, how it uses procurement, and what its goals are.
Identify opportunities within the IT procurement process, defining business requirements and reporting them back to stakeholders.
Communicate with senior stakeholders in the organization to find out what they hope to achieve in their purchasing.
Formulate ways for IT as procurement processes to improve, based on market best practices.
Oversee the implementation of new technology and processes as needed.
Manage change, Run workshops and training sessions.
Provide visibility through reliable data and dashboards to internal and external stakeholders.
Required Skills:
BUSINESS PROCESS IMPROVEMENT
DETAIL-ORIENTED
PROBLEM-SOLVING
MANAGEMENT CONSULTING
BUYING/PURCHASING
PROCUREMENT
To follow up with any questions, please contact Rahul Ambhore at 408-816-2020

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com, and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
