One of our High-Tech clients is looking to bring on a Business Systems Analyst with experience in Finance Systems. This is a newly created role where the employee will work in coordination with the Finance Organization and the Software Development Teams to implement and manage a new billing subscription system.
Job Responsibilities
Map current state and future state business processes, identifying opportunities for process improvement
Elicit and document requirements for ERP selection and implementation
Learn the software capabilities, transaction processing, and becoming knowledgeable about software configuration settings
Simulates and tests process improvements.
Communicates changes and may provide training to impacted business units.
Compiles project status reports, coordinates project schedules, manages project meetings, and identifies and resolves technical problems.
Coordinates all business information system projects and ensures company resources are utilized appropriately.
Evaluate and recommend changes to information systems and processes to enhance the business.
Identify, document, and drive to resolution software gaps, project issues and decisions
Foster the involvement of stakeholders
Work with ERP consultant to configure the software and create documentation
Requirements
Bachelor’s Degree and at least 2 years of experience in gathering / documenting requirements, modeling and providing general client / IT liaison support.
Understanding of the Systems Development Life Cycle, as applied to areas of problem solving, functional analysis/design, requirements elicitation and documentation, estimating, and planning
Proven experience in collaborating with Finance teams to improve productivity and insight
Experience using consulting skills and developing client relationships.
Experience using analytical skills, tools and techniques to investigate information and to draw conclusions.
Experience in identifying operational issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems.
