Job Description

The Cloud Business Operations team is responsible for reporting Cloud cost and usage information to the company. This includes spend analysis and cost-optimization recommendations by product to provide insight into spend, and areas that need focus. We also partner with Cloud Operations to define and implement Governance and Controls for all Cloud usage within the company.

As a member of the Cloud Business Operations team, you will use your cloud knowledge and financial expertise to report cloud spend and identify areas for cost optimization. You will work directly with all areas of the company to ensure the complete transparency of cloud spend. You will also be an integral part of the team that is establishing the governance and controls for internal teams operating in the cloud.

What You Will Do:
Retrieve, analyze, report financials and usage statistics for cloud subscriptions
Manage technical implementation of cloud policies (e.g. naming, tagging, budgeting, optimization) while using as much automation as necessary
Own cloud governance policies and framework; drive change decisions with inputs from multiple stakeholders.
Manage relationship with Cloud Center of Excellence on centralized policies, tools, and financial management topics.
Look for opportunities to optimize cost and savings in cloud services.
Qualifications

Requirements:
Familiar with cloud infrastructure resources (instance types, storage types, cloud services).
Navigate using public cloud management console.
Knowledge of cloud management tools such as CloudHealth.
Additional Qualifications:
AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner certification (strongly preferred)
Additional Information

At FireEye we are committed to our #OneTeam approach combining diversity, collaboration, and excellence. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. Requests for accommodation due to disability can be sent directly to HR-Accommodations@FireEye.com.
