Job Description
Primary Skills: Business Analysis, Data Modeling, Sales and Marketing Applications/ Salesforce, Marketo,
Duration: 6+ Months with potential to extend
Contract Type: W2 Only

Job Description:
10+ years of experience working with go-to-market systems and data platforms and at least 4+ years of experience working on solution design and systems architecture in a cloud application SaaS environment.
3-5 years demonstrated analytical skills, to evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, summarize low-level information to general understanding statements, and distinguish solution ideas from requirements. Business process mapping, requirements gathering sessions and documenting detailed business requirements.
Experience with Sales and Marketing Applications (Salesforce, Marketo)
Experience as a business data analyst or related role in supporting large data projects with a focus on data modeling / advanced business analytics. Exposure to data management application and architecture and Customer Data Model experience.
Strong familiarity and experience in designing solutions to scale business functions involved in the end-end customer journey.
Understand and utilize data to make data-driven decisions on designs, solutions and use data to same to guide others in making decisions and future strategy planning
Familiarity with data warehouses, SQL and the ability to query, join and transform data from multiple sources.
Deep understanding of Lead, Account, Contact and Opportunity Management.
Excellent written/verbal communication skills.
Ability to establish a working relationships with personnel at all levels in the organization.
To follow up with any questions, please contact Rahul Ambhore at 408-816-2020

Akraya is an award-winning IT staffing firm and the staffing partner of choice for many leading companies across the US. We offer comprehensive benefits including Health Insurance (medical, dental, and vision), Cafeteria Plan (HSA, FSA, and dependent care), 401(k) (enrollment subject to eligibility), and Sick Pay (varies based on city and state laws).

If this position is not quite what you're looking for, visit akraya.com, and submit a copy of your resume. We will get to work finding you a job that is a better fit at one of our many amazing clients.

Akraya is committed to equal treatment and opportunity in all aspects of recruitment, selection, and employment without regard to gender, race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, gender identity/expression, sexual orientation, veteran or military status, or any other category protected under the law. Akraya is an equal opportunity employer; committed to a community of inclusion, and an environment free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation.
