Duties:
Business systems analysts are responsible for the analysis, adjustment and restructuring of different aspects of a business.
It is a business systems analyst's responsibility to ensure that a business's structure is meeting top output efficiency.
Business system analysts work closely with individuals at all levels of employment to see what is and isn't working in the most efficient manner possible.
They are responsible for interacting with and addressing employees at all levels in a professional manner while providing constructive criticism that is conducive to the restructuring of current systems.
Travel may be required in order to gain a more intimate understanding of current methods of conducting business.
Business systems analysts are responsible for identifying and addressing current and future business needs within the realms of currently accessible resources.
They are responsible for advising on the allocation of resources in such a way that minimizes waste and maximizes efficient use and profitability.
Most work for business systems analysts is done off site and requires little to no physical activity beyond walking, standing, driving and talking.
Their positions are ongoing requiring multiple follow ups on completed work and flexible availability for future consultation.
Business systems analysts must have a functional understanding of software systems and at least fundamental understanding of software coding.
They must be completely proficient in Microsoft Office and have interpersonal communication skills.
Business system analysts must be prepared to address any concerns that arise during any restructuring of existing systems and adequately explain advantages and disadvantages to any stem changes made under their supervision.
Skills:
Business Systems Analysts seem to wield many skills on the job. Most notably, skills in Oracle, Requirements Analysis, Microsoft Visio, and Business Analysis.
A tool kit that includes Requirements Analysis also typically contains Project Management and Data Analysis.
The majority of those who know Business Analysis also know Data Analysis and Project Management.
MUST HAVES - Siebel CRM experience or any other Order management experience as a Business systems analyst.
