NVIDIA IT Finance is looking for SAP FICO professional. The ideal individual for the team will have in-depth experience with SAP FICO modules and its integration to other systems. You will lead the effort to design, develop and implement SAP FICO solutions. This Resource will be working closely with key finance users and involved with application roadmap with fellow IT team members.

What you'll be doing:
Lead and support SAP FICO initiatives as team member or lead to implement new and improve existing functionalities
Articulate, analyze requirements and translate them into effective solutions to support the future of Finance
Responsible for the configuration of SAP FICO module
Guide global support team (MSP) where needed in daily production support
Key contact with the business users in different time zones to harmoniously work on the requirements to develop additional FICO functionalities
Work with Technical ABAP team in explaining the requirement and co-ordinate with them to get development moving
Work with cross functional teams to prioritize work and drive system solutions by clearly articulating business needs
Mentor and support users and teammates on SAP FICO functionalities including understanding of configurations and transactions
Provide status of the work you're leading to Project Manager and other team members
Prepare and conduct Unit Testing and User Acceptance Testing scripts
Work with the onsite-offshore resources around the world to prioritize, coordinate and execute Projects and guide them in implementing small to medium size projects
Build Training documentation and impart training to end users
What we need to see:
Minimum of 5+ years of SAP ECC 6.0 experience focused on the FICO modules
Functional and technical proficiency with at least 4+ years SAP FICO implementation experience
Strong SAP FICO configuration and technical skills
Understand the business functions of Finance & Accounting and evaluate how IT changes may impact and improve the operation of these business functions.
Areas of expertise in SAP FICO including but not limited to General Ledger, Special Ledger, Multi-Currency, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Financial Analysis, Corporate Accounting, ABAP Query, Report Painter, Report Writer, SAP Security related to Roles and SOD’s.
Experience in non-SAP Finance applications like Concur, Blackline, One-Source etc.
Ability to architect solutions in the Finance (FICO) functional areas by seamlessly integrating with MM, SD, PP, APO and BW functional areas
Ability to multitask in a dynamic environment
Integration experience with 3rd party applications and SAP portals
Change Control and Release Management Experience
Attested project management experience and skills
Strong verbal and written communication skills, in addition to strong shared work experience using collaboration and interpersonal skills.
Consider your self-detail oriented with strong analytical skills
Bachelors or BS degree in Finance or equivalent
Ways to stand out from the crowd:
Semiconductor industry experience, including the “fabless” business model
Experience working in SAP GL/ AP/ AR/ FA/ Cost
Exposure to SAP Security Roles
Exposure to SAP RAR
NVIDIA is widely considered to be one of the technology world’s most desirable employers. We have some of the most forward-thinking and hardworking people in the world working for us. If you're creative, fun and autonomous, we want to hear from you!

NVIDIA is committed to fostering a diverse work environment and proud to be an equal opportunity employer. As we highly value diversity in our current and future employees, we do not discriminate (including in our hiring and promotion practices) on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender expression , sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any other characteristic protected by law.
