Would you like a rewarding and challenging career? Are you detail-oriented with strong computer skills? Do you like to work on improving current processes and see the impact of your work? Do you like to work with a collaborative team and work on special projects? Then, this might be the job for you! We are currently seeking a professional with property claims background who wants to work in a different claims environment.

Your role would be to support the claims operation in a fast-paced catastrophe environment while efficiently providing essential property insurance products and services for eligible Texas policyholders when no one else will.

What will you do?

The Quality Analyst – Customer Service role is responsible for managing the relationship with the external Call Center’s operations, conduct QA on Call Center phone calls, managing the Claims phone QA process, reporting call center and internal phone metrics, and managing the Customer Survey process for Claims and reporting Customer Survey scores. This position requires the ability/people skills to become team lead of a customer care unit in a major event. This will be in addition to the normal quality assurance functions of evaluating claim files for regulatory compliance, coverage analysis, loss investigation, and overall results to achieve desired business outcomes.

Customer Service Quality Assurance:
Managing the Call Center
Conducting QA on Call Center phone calls
Running the Claims Department Phone QA process
Reporting Call Center and internal phone queue metrics
Reporting Customer Survey scores
Customer Care team lead in a major event
Quality Assurance:
Review claims for handling quality and compliance for all parties involved in the claim, including but not limited to the field adjuster, the inside adjuster, and supervisors and managers
Document reviews
Identify trends and specific issues with individuals or procedures
Meet with claims management, vendor partners, and individual adjusters to discuss findings
Prepare regular reports on quality assurance findings
Required Education and Experience:
Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience
3 years property and casualty adjusting experience
Experience with Microsoft Office products
Preferred Education and Experience:
Bilingual, preferably Spanish, Mandarin, and/or Vietnamese
AINS, and/or progress toward AIC designation
Experience with writing procedures and guidelines
Experience conducting training and orientations
Experience with Adobe Captivate and Adobe Captivate Prime
Benefits at TWIA/TFPA:

We offer an excellent Health& Welfare benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life, accident, and disability insurance, and a retirement savings package that includes a 401(k) plan with 6% matching contributions and an employer paid pension plan. We also offer competitive pay, performance incentives, and career growth with our Training& Professional Development program. In addition, we provide a healthy environment and work/life balance along with paid holidays, personal days, paid vacation, and sick leave.

TWIA& TFPA is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. All resumes submitted on behalf of an applicant by a third party to any employee at TWIA& TFPA via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of TWIA& TFPA. No fee will be paid to any third party in the event the candidate is hired by TWIA& TFPA as a result of the referral or through other means, unless TWIA& TFPA have previously entered into a contract for placement assistance with such party.
