*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The ERP Business Systems Analyst will be based in Austin, TX. In this role you will be responsible for providing technical administrative and implementation support for one or more applications. You will align the IT services provided with the needs of the business. Primary focus for this role will be on the stability of the systems however architecting, design, installation and setup of the application/s are other core responsibilities.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Identify priorities and resolve important/urgent BaaN Vc system issues
Proactive monitoring of alerts into ERP BaaN Vc system
Clean and fix the queue of errors in BaaN Vc system (Interface errors with other system applications) - Atlas, OPTEL, Flexflow, Packman, Babtec
Maintenance BaaN Vc system data base in order to avoid performance problems
Incident (SLA, Aging) and Pipeline projects
Gather functional requirements
Implementation of Atlas, Optel, Babtec, BaaN V, Packman and Flexflow systems on demand
Gap analysis, functional specifications, and testing
Design, develop, and deliver reports and solutions inside BAAN Vc ERP / Business Objects / SQL Server
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Minimum 2-3 years Baan experience
Project management skills
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
SS26

Job Category
IT

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com
