Job Description

What Youll Get to Do:

CACI is hiring multiple Business/Systems Analysts to join our growing Financial Management Business Transformation (FMBT) Interface and Data Conversion Team supporting the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). The team will be supporting the implementation of financial system interfaces and migration of data from legacy systems to Momentum Financials (a COTS product) across the VA for the next 6 years.

Applicants must have 1 year of experience working as a business/systems analyst and ideally some experience working with Momentum Financials or similar COTS financial ERP systems (e.g., SAP or Oracle). Responsibilities include requirements development, data analysis and validation, software quality assurance/testing, and interfacing with clients to troubleshoot or research issues. We are looking for candidates with strong analytical skills and a desire to enhance those skills in a challenging, high visibility environment. Analysts will have the opportunity to learn various analysis and testing tools. Due to contract requirements, US citizenship is required.

More About the Role:
Participate in eliciting requirements from end-users for interface, data conversion, and/or data cleanse activities. Conduct design reviews. Establish acceptance criteria. Understand business processes and create process maps as required.
Provide functional support and assist with documenting requirements, detailed design specifications and/or data conversion and cleanse plans, business processes, and user stories based on requirements.
Analyze legacy and target system data. Conduct reconciliation activities.
Coordinate across multiple development efforts to ensure system interfaces and/or data conversion and cleanse decisions are consistent with requirements/expectations/regulations. Work directly with programmers, database administrators, and other technical specialists.
Collaborate with other analysts to understand the organizations business processes and legacy system data and processes.
Under the guidance of more senior subject matter experts, develop expertise in the COTS tool, Federal financial Management business processes, and ERP implementation best practices.
Provide functional support for testing. Develop test scenarios and documentation and perform validation testing for interfaces and/or conversion requirements. Monitor, track, and troubleshoot application operation and data, analyzing incidents and working with the technical team to resolve issues.
Assist with developing materials, and train end users on interface, data conversion, and/or data cleanse requirements.
Implement quality assurance standards and processes for validation and verification efforts. Implement software development best practices. Seek out and implement process improvement initiatives.
Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Bachelors Degree and a minimum 1 year of relevant experience. Additional experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
Must have the ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Clearance.
US citizenship is required.
Strong analytical and written and oral communication skills.
Ability to work both independently and with a team to solve problems.
Self-starter. Quick to learn and put new skills to use.
Ability to efficiently and effectively handle multiple and shifting priorities while meeting deadlines. Flexibility to put in hours needed to meet tight deadlines.
These Qualifications Would Be Nice to Have:
Experience with Federal Financial Management and systems.
Understanding of Agile methodologies.
Experience working with the Momentum Financials front-end and database.
Experience supporting the development of interfaces and/or a large-scale data conversion.
Ability to write and execute SQL statements.
What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-Austin-TX-AUSTIN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
