At LPL Financial we consider it our mission to take care of our advisors so they can take care of their client. Joining as an Assistant Vice President, Advisory Flexibility team, which is within the Technology business unit, you will be responsible for planning, directing projects to help design, build and maintain the sustainable, scalable capabilities that support delivery of the highest standards of software products, processes. This role will also include responsibility for leading special projects to drive more quality, scope, and scale in the offering and provide technical leadership to other team members. Responsibilities: As the Tech Lead, guide the teams development efforts towards successful product delivery and support. Design, develop, test and implement technical solutions based on business requirements and strategic direction. Provide technical leadership to teammates through technical design, code reviews and implementation of best practices, adhering to firms SDLC and release processes. Collaborate with other Development teams, Enterprise Architecture and Support teams to design, develop, test and maintain the various platforms and their integration with other systems. Assess opportunities for application and process improvements and prepare documentation outlining platform road map. Work collaboratively with QA, DevOPS teams to adopt CI/CD tool chain and develop automation Maintain, troubleshoot, optimize and enhance existing systems. Communicate with technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis as part of product/project support. Technical Qualifications : Tech Lead with 5+ years of experience as a leader in designing and implementing complex systems, including developing solutions from scratch. UI developer with 10+ years of experience designing and building responsive web applications using .NET, Angular, React, Typescript, RxJS, NPM, bootstrap, Javascript/JQuery, HMTL, CSS, browser developer tools and command line tools. Excellent prototyping skills using wireframes or any design tools Excellent understanding of system integration. Great track record of implementing the distributed systems with legacy and modern technical tools. Excellent verbal and written communication skills, both technical and non-technical. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Motivated and driven by achieving long-term business outcomes. Skills and Knowledge : Extensive UI development experience with the following technologies: NET, MVC, Angular, React, Typescript, RxJS, NPM, bootstrap, Javascript/JQuery, HMTL, CSS, browser developer tools and command line tools. Capable of effectively planning, prioritizing and executing tasks utilizing resources and tools Experience working with continuous integration and delivery Experience working with Microsoft Technologies like ASP.NET MVC and.Net framework tools. Experience working with source control tools like TFS, GIT etc. Experience working on client scripting tools like Angular JS, Type Script, jQuery, RxJs Experience in writing unit tests using VS Tests, Jasmin/Karma About LPL Financial: LPL Financial is a leader in the retail financial advice market and the nations largest independent broker/dealer*. We serve independent financial advisors and financial institutions, providing them with the technology, research, clearing and compliance services, and practice management programs they need to create and grow thriving practices. LPL enables them to provide objective guidance to millions of American families seeking wealth management, retirement planning, financial planning and asset management solutions. LPL and its affiliates have more than 4,200 employees with primary offices in Boston, Charlotte, and San Diego. *As reported by Financial Planning magazine, June 1996-2019, based on total revenue. Our Culture: If you join LPL, you will join a culture that believes in delivering a world-class client experience and looks to all employees to contribute to that goal by sharing their creativity, experience, and passion for continuous improvement. As a destination of choice, our top priorities are growth and development, social responsibility, and financial health for our employees. We offer competitive compensation and industry leading benefits, including a wellness facility with onsite fitness classes, healthy meal choices, and a walk-in clinic. We support employee financial health through a 401k match, ESPP, and employee discounts. Work/life balance is our foundation and is supported through paid holidays, and paid time off (including time to volunteer). We foster a diverse work environment through Employee Resource Groups and diverse strategic partnerships. Join the LPL team and help us make a difference by turning lifes aspirations into financial realities. Please log in or create an account to apply to this position. Principals only. EOE. Information on Interviews: LPL will only communicate with a job applicant directly from an @lp l.com email address and will never conduct an interview online or in a chatroom forum. During an interview, LPL will not request any form of payment from the applicant, or information regarding an applicants bank or credit card. Should you have any questions regarding the application process, please contact LPLs Human Resources Solutions Center at (800) 877-7210.
