Company Overview:

7Summits is an Online Community Solutions Company driven to unleash people's potential to create, innovate and compete in entirely new ways. This grounding purpose has led the firm to create a suite of solutions, managed software products, and services focused on creating online community experiences that transform businesses. 7Summits is focused on the very forefront of the market we serve. We start with the best enterprise social technology platforms, create our own Managed Software Products on top of them, and then extend those with the specific modules to address the industry, business-process, and feature specific needs of our customers. This model provides our customers with enterprise-class solutions that can deliver measurable business value with great speed.

Position Overview:

As QA Analyst, your role will focus on driving overall testing and QA responsibilities for 7Summits professional services engagements, by establishing engagement level testing strategy, test scripts, and executing the overall Testing process for a given project engagement. The QA Analyst is involved with the full-project life-cycle, from project kickoff and upfront strategy & planning, requirements definition and solution design, to technical implementation, testing, launch and ongoing activation & support of online communities.
Successful individuals will be able to effectively operate in a fast-paced environment, utilizing their excellent time management, communication and critical thinking skills in combination with strong testing expertise to drive the success of their projects from beginning to end.

Responsibilities:

Key responsibilities that this role is expected to effectively demonstrate are as follows:
Work collaboratively within a project team as a single QA point of contact to support Quality Assurance activities.
Drive established QA practices and methodology for 7Summits assigned project teams
Participate in define and design activities of the project engagement, to ensure full understanding of client requirements prepared by the project team
Identify critical areas of project risk, and develop strategies to reduce overall risk for the project and client
Develop overall testing strategies for the engagement
Develop test plans, test scripts/cases, and test reports on projects of varying size
Execute the test plans and scripts. Depending on the size of the project, there may or may not be additional testing team members on the project team.
Document and evaluate test results and defects, track and manage defects through to resolution
Ensure full traceability between test scripts, results, and client requirements
Collaborate with developers to ensure testing results meet performance and scalability requirements
Conduct troubleshooting, problem triage, and root cause analysis
Analyze the impact of new solutions/enhancements and run appropriate regression testing
Assist the customer during UAT phase and act as first line of triage of client UAT reports
Ability to set up and execute load/performance tests, a plus
Ability to implement test tools and automation frameworks, a plus
Skills and Requirements:

Basic skills and requirements needed to perform in this role are as follows:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent major.
5 plus years of experience in software development and/or QA
Experience with both agile and waterfall projects
Understanding of contemporary software quality assurance processes and automated tools
Experience with quality assurance practices and tools (including requirements traceability, automated testing tools, defect tracking)
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Ability to work in a fast paced, collaborative team environment
Experience delivering Portals/Communities on the Community Cloud platform, a plus.
Experience with enterprise ecommerce applications; Commerce Cloud, CloudCraze or Hybris, a plus.
Experience working with CMS, ERP, CPQ, Portals, SSO, and/or eCommerce enterprise applications, a plus.
Travel requirements up to 25%.
This position is not eligible for Visa sponsorship.
Competencies:

7Summits is for self-starters who love what they do! We are passionate about unleashing peoples potential to create, compete and innovate in entirely new ways. Thats why youll find us relentlessly exploring, innovating, and building the best solutions for our customers.

7Summits is for communicators who are comfortable in a world where personal and professional collide. Our employees build relationships regardless of where they are located around the globe.

7Summits is for consultants who are focused on driving business value for our customers. Our employees provide expertise and deep insights that lead to business transformation.

7Summits is for creative thinkers who acknowledge that no two business problems are the same. Our employees keep an open mind and look beyond the obvious to uncover bespoke solutions.

7Summits is for collaborators who understand that everyone succeeds together. Our employees accept personal accountability for their own outcomes and help others meet their goals.

7Summits is for trailblazers who are curious and perform well amidst ambiguity. Our employees experiment, acquire new skills, and are open to making and learning from mistakes.

Powered by JazzHR
