Common Purpose, Uncommon Opportunity. Everyone at Visa works with one goal in mind – making sure that Visa is the best way to pay and be paid, for everyone everywhere. This is our global vision and the common purpose that unites the entire Visa team. As a global payments technology company, tech is at the heart of what we do: Our VisaNet network processes over 13,000 transactions per second for people and businesses around the world, enabling them to use digital currency instead of cash and checks. We are also global advocates for financial inclusion, working with partners around the world to help those who lack access to financial services join the global economy. Visa’s sponsorships, including the Olympics and FIFA™ World Cup, celebrate teamwork, diversity, and excellence throughout the world. If you have a passion to make a difference in the lives of people around the world, Visa offers an uncommon opportunity to build a strong, thriving career. Visa is fueled by our team of talented employees who continuously raise the bar on delivering the convenience and security of digital currency to people all over the world. Join our team and find out how Visa is everywhere you want to be.

Come join the HRIS team at Visa! We're looking for an HRIS Business Analysts who can help analyze processes and technology across multiple HR domains. The HRIS Business Analyst will be accountable for documenting requirements and improve business processes for ongoing improvements and enhancements, providing business expertise for technology projects and engaging with stakeholders to help them understand technology delivery. The HRIS Business Analyst must have a passion for technical and business collaboration, and a desire to help automate and scale HR applications for a growing organization. S/he is comfortable being a team player and a team leader, with a healthy balance of left and right brain skill sets.
Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit and successful track record of delivering projects that employees love?
Do you have a passion for HR and understanding how technology touches all parts of the employee lifecycle?
Do you approach challenges with a curious mindset?
Do you demand great execution and bold innovation, while obsessing over quality?
Do you love working with a team to make things happen and get things built?
Do you solve problems with creativity and get excited about improving processes for efficiency and automation?
If that's you then what are we waiting for? Let's do this!

Essential Functions:
Hunt for big ideas that identify and solve important HR problems and move beyond incremental features and instead propose a complete end-to-end automated solution
Elicit and document requirements, perform impact analysis and create process improvement recommendations for small enhancement efforts that touch multiple domains in HR, but focus on efforts in Talent Management, Compensation, Payroll and Benefits
Be the HR champion and driver of requirements and scope for small enhancements that cross multiple functional disciplines.
Partner closely with stakeholders in both HR and IT to communicate status, share knowledge and bring disjointed processes together
Lead and drive UAT for our ongoing backlog and enhancement queue technology delivery
Be on the constant look out for and proposed improved internal processes with an eye towards automation
Use a combination of product instinct, data, and teamwork to ensure we provide well-crafted solutions
Collaborate with IT and vendors to plan, implement, and build the right features / enhancements with a focus on solutions that solve for enterprise, end-to-end HR processes
Provide strategic consultation on HR technology and trends to the business and drive near and long term technology roadmaps
Take ownership for a successful product outcome and anticipate needs across HR functions, system development/IT, HR operations, and production support teams
Basic:

2 years of work experience with a Bachelor’s Degree or an Advanced Degree (e.g. Masters, MBA, JD, MD, or PhD)

Preferred:
Bachelors Degree and 5 years or more of hands-on experience as a business systems analyst delivering or implementing enterprise HR technology solutions
5 or more years of experience eliciting and gathering business requirements, including proven experience with:
Running requirements workshops with multiple business stakeholders
Writing user stories
Creating process flows
Creating swim lane diagrams
Fit Gap Analysis
Impact Analysis
5 or more years of experience in Agile
5 or more years of experience creating and executing on project plans, tracking dates and status and providing project updates to peers and senior leadership
Ability to help document current and future state process, challenge the status quo and look across functions for ways to automate and reduce manual work
Exceptional communication skills and an above average ability to translate technology concepts to others and experience resolving conflicts across different groups of stakeholders
Exceptionally detailed oriented and knowledgeable about how to think about systems testing, including corner cases and unusual scenarios
A "driver" personality - constantly pushing toward clarity and delivery while balancing the need for great collaboration across a variety of stakeholders to achieve your objectives
Grit - You never hesitate to roll up your sleeves and tackle something hands-on, you persevere when others fall away
A high bar across the board - from your own contributions to the people you work with to the projects you work on
Savvy with data - You know how to gather, share and leverage data to make decisions
Desire to learn - Learning and improving your craft is important for all of us, if you're constantly learning you're in a better position to create awesome new applications for our employees
Self-directed - Able to navigate ambiguity and work independently
Deep functional experience with HR functional domains (you understand what it takes to make HR functions successful)
Expert story teller with proven experience building and presenting to senior leadership on complex topics
Hands-on experience with Workday or similar HCM
Preferred Skills & Qualifications:

· Experience with programming systems, including databases

· Experiencing configuring Workday, SmartRecruiters or other HR tools

· Experience as a Quality Engineer or tester

· Background working as a consultant

· MBA a plus

Visa is an EEO Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. Visa will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with EEOC guidelines and applicable local law.

Work Hours:

Incumbent must make themselves available during core business hours. May require occasional meetings outside of core business hours to connect with global partners.

Travel Requirements:

This position requires the incumbent to travel for work 0% of the time

Physical Requirements:

This position will be performed in an office setting. The position will require the incumbent to sit and stand at a desk, communicate in person and by telephone, frequently operate standard office equipment, such as telephones and computers.

Sponsorship/Relocation:

Work Authorization: Authorization to work in the U.S. is a precondition of employment for this position. Visa will not sponsor applicants for work visas in connection with this position.
Location: Austin, TX. Relocation assistance will not be offered
