Allstates Consulting Services has a client who is looking for an Associate Business Analyst to work with them in Austin, TX. You will be responsible for creating reports, ad hoc data analysis and other business intelligence related tasks to support a global operations team servicing one of the largest financial institutions in the world. You will be extracting and transforming data using SQL, leveraging advanced Excel features and Python for data analysis, and producing clear business intelligence and actionable information into visually appealing reporting.

Position Details:
Long term contract with possible contract extension or hire
Standard support hours: Mon-Fri 8:00am-5:00pm
Responsibilities:
Develop metrics and dashboard reporting to provide insight across all operational organizations, for the purpose of increasing efficiency and improving customer delivery.
Create queries, write reports, and present findings and then make recommendations to direct and upper level management.
Analyze current business and reporting processes and look for means to improve efficiency and reduce bottlenecks.
Build complex reports related to operations performance. (ie. Labor efficiency, Service Catalog volumes, SLA measurement, etc.)
Utilize Python/SQL to provide solutions as well as maintain legacy reporting within Microsoft Excel with VBA.
Work closely with all levels of management to prioritize business and information reporting needs.
Continually train and elevate skill level with the various applications used by the organization.
Qualifications:
Skills, Knowledge, Abilities
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Requires the ability to deal effectively and professionally with internal and external customers.
Must have outstanding organizational and multi-tasking skills and the ability to prioritize work effectively.
Requires excellent working knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite, specifically Excel, including sorting, formulas, and macro definitions.
Strong organizational skills to multi-task demanding priorities; effective use of resources to deliver results.
Professional communication skills with the ability to successfully interact and gather detailed business requirements at all levels of the organization.
Ability to work effectively across many internal functional groups.
Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
Passionate and continuous improvement minded
Advanced in MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint), Outlook, and ERP systems
Education/Experience Requirements
High school diploma or its equivalent is required
Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics or related field preferred
Prior professional experience in Data Entry and Analysis preferred
Proficient relational database experience (MS-Access, SQL)
6-12+ months Python experience (familiarity with Pandas highly preferred)
Intermediate-to-Expert-level VBA skills
Familiarity with a data visualization suite such as Tableau
Experience with version control a plus (ie. Github)
