Position Title:

Credit Analyst II

Exempt Status:

Non-Exempt, Full Time Hourly

Reports to:

Commercial Underwriting Manager

Summary of the Job: Provides credit analysis support by analyzing commercial loan requests, evaluating the financial condition of businesses and individuals, identifying strengths and weaknesses, providing recommendations and noting any deviations from policy as appropriate.

Essential Functions:
Evaluates the level of risk posed to the bank from borrowers, transactions, collateral, and industries.
Analyzes and evaluates complex financial information, loan data, market data, and other information for companies and industries.
Produces analysis for new, renewal and existing loans, using data provided from financial statements, tax returns, industry sources, credit bureaus, and other sources.
Prepares memorandums, spreadsheets, reports, summaries and opinions for credit committee and officers for use in lending decisions. These work products may include credit investigations of companies and industries; economic and market conditions; in-depth historical financial analysis; in-depth projected financial analysis;“what if” scenarios that test the reasonableness of projections; collateral analysis; and the financial analysis of individuals.
Creates, reviews, and updates new and existing reports for Southside Bank’s loan portfolio analysis and tracking, as needed.
Provides technical advice and assistance to loan officers, as needed.
Attends meetings, as appropriate, and is available to answer questions regarding credit analysis.
May participate in customer meetings, as needed.
Maintains knowledge of current and emerging legal, compliance, and market matters involving commercial lending.
Participates in special projects and assignments and performs other duties as assigned.
Provides enthusiastic, professional, and courteous service to the Southside Bank’s customers and employees.
Maintains a positive atmosphere for customers and employees consistent with Southside Bank’s mission and philosophy.
Maintains the security and confidentiality of pertinent information and records.
Must comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and bank policies.
Required Education/Experience:
Required: Bachelor’s degree in business administration from an accredited college or university in finance, accounting or related area. Preferred: MBA or other related advanced degree.
Required: Minimum of 9 hours of accounting courses. Preferred: 12 hours of accounting courses, including Intermediate Accounting I or equivalent.
Required for Credit Analyst II: Minimum of 2-5 years of experience in commercial credit analysis in a banking environment. This experience should include spreading, financial statement analysis, and drafting comprehensive C&I and/or CRE credit memorandums for large and/or complicated transactions and borrowers. Other professional analytical experience may be acceptable.
Technical Skills:
General proficiency in computer applications.
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Excel and an ability to understand and produce complex and professional spreadsheets. Ability to produce thorough and professional written reviews and reports.
Excellent technical writing skills. Must be able to clearly, concisely, and accurately relate complicated information in an understandable format.
Ability to read, analyze, and interpret the most complex legal and financial documents.
Ability to thoroughly research and evaluate information to make decisions and solve problems.
Ability to apply principles of logical or technical thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems. Ability to deal with a variety of abstract concepts.
Ability to effectively and persuasively write technical memorandums, participate in impromptu discussions, and give speeches covering complex topics to top management, public groups, and/or boards of directors.
Ability to work in a high volume environment and meet deadlines.
Strong time management skills and an ability to prioritize daily workflow.
Ability to respond effectively to the most sensitive inquiries or complaints.
Personal Traits
Must be detail-oriented, analytical, and have a passion for problem-solving.
Must have a high level of self-motivation and an ability to work independently with minimal day-to-day supervision.
Must exhibit good judgment.
Must have a high degree of self-confidence, with the ability to provide justification for decisions and the ability to be flexible in adapting to the needs of various parties.
Must be dependable, punctual, and reliable in the production of work.
Physical Demands:

The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
The work will be primarily sedentary in nature, with the employee performing non-strenuous daily activities of an administrative nature.
Manual dexterity sufficient to reach/handle items and work with fingers and perceive attributes of objects and materials.
Ability to lift up to 10 pounds.
Ability to stand, sit, walk, climb, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, crawl, see, hear, speak, read, write and concentrate.
Working Conditions/Environment:
Well-lighted, heated and/or air-conditioned indoor office setting with adequate ventilation.
Moderate noise (e.g. business office with computers and printers, light traffic).
This job description is not an employment agreement or contract. Management has the exclusive right to alter this job description at any time without notice.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status.
