Req Ref No: GDTXBA2-22
Location: Austin, TX
Duration: 6.0 months

Description

Description:

Under general supervision, prepares business specifications from which technical specifications are formulated. Conduct preliminary investigation for project requests. Reviews requirements, specifications, test, support and training plans to ensure they are in line with business objectives.
The Business Analyst will work with internal teams and our clients to gather information, work with Application Developers, SQA, Data Processing, and Client Services towards fulfilling the clients’ requests. Conducts analysis of business goals, objectives, and needs of the business environment. Makes recommendations to improve business processes. Assist in root cause analysis in order to recommend product enhancements or other appropriate actions to improve productivity for the business units.
Utilize systems and data to resolve business issues in the most e effective manner.
May help less experienced personnel. Has an overall understanding of the work environment and process.

Basic Qualifications for consideration :

Under general supervision, analyze, determine and document business requirements/client Statement of Work documents (SOW) and provide detailed specifications to programming.
Provide consultation to the client before, during and after implementation, including the development of new procedures the changes may necessitate.
Lead client calls during the implementation process.
Participate in testing, during and after application changes have been implemented.
Communicate progress and any potential problems to manager/project for awareness and/or resolution.
Uses limited independent judgment to make decisions based on precedents and established guidelines.
Solves problems using standard procedures and precedents
Performs other duties as required Performs other duties as required

Required Qualifications:

Education - Degree in Business, Engineering, Technology or related field.
Ability to learn the needs of the customer quickly and in line with the internal pace of the organization.
Ability to lead client calls.
Excellent command of Microsoft suite.

Preferred skills/experiences/education:

Experience with Business Analysis, Technical Requirements gathering and writing client facing Statement of Work documentation
Effective Communications Skills
Working knowledge of Service Now case management software.
Technical knowledge of the client systems and integrations.
Financial industry experience and/or manufacturing
Technical Writing experience

VIVA is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants have an equal opportunity for placement, and all employees have an equal opportunity to develop on the job. This means that VIVA will not discriminate against any employee or qualified applicant on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status.
