Job Title: Business Analyst
Location: Austin, TX
Duration: 6+ Months
Roles & Responsibilities:
Facilitating interactive sessions with business and cross functional teams.
Facilitating analysis of functional requirements and design of technology specifications, working with business/functional personnel, capturing requirements by interactive sessions with clients.
Participating and providing guidance to Business and Functional Units in developing and completing user acceptance testing, training, and implementation-related activities.
Facilitating interactive sessions with business and cross functional teams.
Developing/maintaining an understanding of key business drivers/impacts, assisting clients with identifying and solving business challenges.
Defining functional design and systems specifications.
Preparing/reviewing/delivering completed packages.
Required Experience:
Hands-on requirements elicitation and analysis, client management and technical documentation experience, including use cases, prototyping, and data modeling.
Business analysis experience on software development projects.
Hands-on requirements elicitation and analysis, client management and technical documentation experience, including use cases, prototyping, and data modeling.
Required Skills:
Strong collaborative, analytical, written/verbal communication (specifically technical writing) skills and well versed with MS Office suite of products and prototyping/screen mock-up tools such as Visio, SnagIt, or Adobe Illustrator, or Axure.
Business analysis experience on software development projects.
Strong collaborative, analytical, written/verbal communication (specifically technical writing) skills and well versed with MS Office suite of products and prototyping/screen mock-up tools such as Visio, SnagIt, or Adobe Illustrator, or Axure.
Must have strong collaborative, analytical, written/verbal communication (specifically technical writing) skills and well versed with MS Office suite of products and prototyping/screen mock-up tools such as Visio, SnagIt, or Adobe Illustrator.
About our Company:
22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
