Who we are:

We are a $27.8 billion wholesale bank that’s been financing agriculture and rural America for nearly 100 years. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, we provide funding and services to rural lending cooperatives in five states and we’re active in the nation’s capital markets. Join the Farm Credit Bank of Texas team and help us grow to meet the ever-changing credit needs of food and fiber producers, the agribusiness sector, and rural Americans. If you’re looking for a rewarding career with one of the nation’s most respected financial institutions – Farm Credit Bank of Texas (FCBT) may be a great fit for you.

Position Description:

The Credit Analyst will assist the Capital Market Officers in the analysis, servicing, and reporting of the bank’s loan participations. The position will also require the individual to develop industry and peer group analysis, portfolio analysis, and other special projects as assigned.

Day to Day Duties and Responsibilities:
Credit administration, financial analysis, monitoring and due diligence review of various financial participation packages and loan origination with district associations or commercial agency lenders
Presentation of loan participation packages to loan committee
Development of loan participation and correspondent banking relationships with other lenders
Provide mentoring/training to Credit Analyst Trainee and Credit Analyst I
Assist in the development and revision of operating procedures relating to lending operations
Assist in the development and closing of complex loans
Assist other bank personnel in completing coordinated projects as assigned
What You Bring to the Team:

Position requires a Bachelor’s Degree in finance, business administration or related field or commensurate experience. Two (2) or more years’ experience in all facets of lending, including the marketing, extension, administration and analysis of commercial credit is preferred. Experience and knowledge in the analysis of complex credits, as well as negotiating and dealing with commercial loans and experience in working with financial institutions in structuring and evaluating various loan participations, credit relationships, and analysis of direct loans is preferred.

This position requires skill and knowledge in credit administration, financial analysis, accounting standards, credit policies, and procedures. Excellent computer, interpersonal, communication and public speaking skills are required. A thorough knowledge of financial statement analysis, forecasting analysis, cash flow analysis, collateral analysis and payment performance in the area of commercial lending. Knowledgeable on credit and accounting standards. Must be able to accurately identify, measure and manage risk in commercial loans and loan portfolios. This position will require time management skills with travel up to 15 percent. A high level of independence is expected.

Why Farm Credit Bank of Texas:

Benefits are an integral part the Farm Credit Bank of Texas total compensation package. We offer comprehensive, affordable and competitive benefit options that are focused on health and wellness, financial security, and achieving a work-life balance.
Flexible health and wellness benefits, including medical insurance, prescription drug coverage, dental insurance, vision care, flexible spending accounts, and more…
401(k) plan that includes an employer match and additional employer contribution
Long-term disability and life insurance
Vacation leave, sick leave and paid holidays
Option to use sick leave to take your pet to the vet for emergency services
Up to five days per year to volunteer in local community organizations, services or events
Ongoing professional development opportunities
Generous tuition reimbursement program
Physical fitness incentive plan
Employer matching gifts program
Important note: We care about your hiring process and take it seriously. There is a real person behind the screen and response timelines may vary. The interviewing process at Farm Credit Bank of Texas may include phone calls and emails, on-site interviews, and requests for portfolios or demonstrations of work. Unfortunately, we are unable to personally follow-up with each and every applicant, but we will do our best to create a professional, respectful, and thorough process for candidates with whom we identify as a potential fit. Please be assured, we will contact you if that is the case!

AA/EOE/M/F/D/V
