Location: Austin, United States of AmericaIn fast changing markets, customers worldwide rely on Thales. Thales is a business where brilliant people from all over the world come together to share ideas and inspire each other. In aerospace, transportation, defence, security and space, our architects design innovative solutions that make our tomorrow's possible.

TOGETHER WE MAKE THE BIG AMBITIONS OF TOMORROW HAPPEN TODAY

We are looking for a Software Business Analyst to join Thales in Austin, Texas. As a Software Business Analyst for the Identity & Biometrics Solutions team, you are responsible for the management of requirements with clarity through the delivery lifecycle, which is key to success of all our projects. The Business Analyst takes full ownership of the requirements specifications lifecycle throughout the projects execution, and is accountable for reaching the expected level of quality.

Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for requirement engineering: gather, document and manage the software requirements, in collaboration with internal and external stakeholders
Take full ownership of the requirements specifications lifecycle throughout the projects execution, and be accountable for reaching the expected level of quality
Ensure reusability of documented requirements so that subsequent projects can benefit
Produce standard requirements documentation during customer workshops at the beginning of the project
Participate in the tender response to cover the software business aspects
Study and understand customer needs, constraints and business processes
Work with the Project Manager and the technical team to understand the customer needs as well as delivering recommendations to all the stakeholders
Include Thales internal requirements (process, quality, security, product) and constraints into project requirements
Work with Project Manager in defining the project scope and ensuring its control
Write requirements specifications documents for the project by using the most efficient format (text, UML diagrams, graphics)
Act as requirements reference for the project manager, development, and QA teams throughout the project implementation
Manage and track the requirements specification changes
Contribute and lead knowledge sharing and continuous improvement programs
Use corporate tools for documentation and other project related activities
Report progress against deadlines as requested to project and team management
Ensure compliance to Thales process and policies
Contribute to PMO activities and lead improvement initiatives
Learn and understand our solution and actively participate in customer meetings
Assist Engineering and Project Teams in presenting our solution to the customer
Required Skills and Experience:
5+ years of experience in software business analysis
Working knowledge of Confluence and JIRA
Strong written and verbal communication skills
Excellent presentation skills and adapt to diverse attendance (from technical to executives), with a natural ability to simplify and synthetize complex concepts
You must be able to travel up to 30% of the time domestically during the workshops and specifications phases
Special Position Requirements:
This position is subject to requirements of CFIUS and will require U.S. Citizenship
This position is subject to standard pre-employment background check, fingerprinting and drug screen
This position is subject to post-hire third party background checks with the Department of Justice and FBI
This position is subject to annual employment background check screening
Preferred Skills and Experience:
Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field
Analytical mind, curious and creative, autonomous, a team-player with proven team development experience and a willingness to adapt
Are you ready to be part a part of something big? If your skills, experience and attitude are a match and youre looking for an exciting challenge, please apply now using the link below and we will be in touch.

Thales champions inclusion and we believe diversity strengthens the fabric of our culture.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/AA/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.

At Thales we provide CAREERS and not only jobs. With Thales employing 80,000 employees in 68 countries our mobility policy enables thousands of employees each year to develop their careers at home and abroad, in their existing areas of expertise or by branching out into new fields. Together we believe that embracing flexibility is a smarter way of working. Great journeys start here, apply now!Thales champions inclusion and we believe diversity strengthens the fabric of our culture. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer/AA/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled.
