The Business Analyst (Business Analyst III) position reports to the Manager of Product Management. The Business Analyst (BA) performs advanced (senior-level) business analysis work in support of Rapid Application Development (RAD) using the Salesforce platform. This role works closely with business owners through the product planning, requirements definition, and delivery of cycles for Salesforce solutions and web-based enterprise-wide usage. The BA is the bridge between the customer and the development team. Assists in the analysis of complex technical and business processes, identifying efficiencies and helping to prioritize needs. Coordinates the gathering, development, and documentation of all requirements. The BA works in partnership with Information Technology (IT) and subject matter experts, helping customers realize business value.This position works under limited supervision, with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment. Responsible for the creation and validation of system testing. Essential Job Functions:Attends work on a regular and predictable schedule in accordance with agency leave policy and performs other duties as assigned.Elicits and oversees the business requirements for the implementation of Salesforce solutions to solve system-wide business requests. When necessary fulfill the role of the Product Owner to act as the voice of the customer. Accurately represents the business needs, and effectively communicates them with stakeholders and development team.(35%)Creates and manages the product backlog by eliciting, and documenting all types of requirements as themes, epics, user stories with user acceptance criteria. Works with all stakeholders to prioritize the backlog into a complete and cohesive representation of a products' roadmap, defects, and technical debt. (20%)Collaborates daily with manager to ensure product roadmaps and delivery of features follows a predictable and steady pace through daily stand up meetings, product planning meetings, and other key ceremonies. Participates in Agile ceremonies and leads them when the Product Owner or Scrum Master is not available. (20%)Performs functional testing and manages User Acceptance Testing by ensuring adequate test cases exists and all User Acceptance Criteria are met. (15%)Develops a deep expertise with assigned application. Obtains stakeholder sign off on requirements and priorities. Performs other duties as assigned. (10%)Knowledge Skills Abilities:Knowledge of experience with Agile/Scrum methodology practices.Knowledge in Salesforce configuration, using development and testing environments for effective change management.Knowledge of the capabilities and limitations of computer systems or management information systems.Knowledge of large-scale IT operations and information technology industry trends.Knowledge of process or systems analysis and design work.Knowledge of Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) process for report development.Knowledge of software usability concepts.Skill in defining all types of requirements, functional specifications, and other deliverables.Skill in business/systems analysis.Skill in working collaboratively and cooperatively with colleagues and in building consensus.Skill in interpersonal relationships, including the ability to work with people under pressure, negotiate among multiple parties, resolve conflicts, and establish and maintain effective working relationships with various levels of personnel in governmental entities.Skill in troubleshooting, performance tuning, and problem-solving.Skill in verbal, written, and presentation communication.Ability to guide technology decisions relative to the Salesforce requirements and serve as subject matter expert and design resource to others.Ability to provide technical assistance by responding to inquiries from others regarding errors, problems, or questions about programs.Ability to build consensus across multiple teams and working with teams located in different geographic locations.Ability to work independently and deliver results in an environment of broad, consultative management.Ability to provide excellent customer service.Ability to accurately track time spent working on projects, as well the ability to accurately estimate changes or enhancements. Registration or Licensure Requirements:Certified Scrum Product Owner or IIBA CBAP preferred. Initial Selection Criteria:Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in business or a related field. Appropriate experience may be substituted for the required education on a year-for-year basis.Minimum of 5 (five) years of experience working on complex enterprise wide applications.Minimum of 5 (five) years of experience in an analysis role that required complex problem solving.Minimum of 3 (three) years of experience with the Salesforce product.Minimum of 3 (three) years of experience in Agile software development methodologies. Additional Information:MOS Code:There are no direct military occupation(s) that relate to the responsibilities, and registration or licensure requirements for this position. All active duty, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if they meet the qualifications for this position.HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
