Job Description

NOTES FROM THE MANAGER

He needs someone with 6+ yrs of experience in total with 3-4 yrs as a BSA (Business Systems Analyst) – must be technical. I do not want to see traditional BA's who just gather requirements. Must have technical chops!

• IBM Open Pages experience is a MUST HAVE

• Analytical Thinker who can approach a problem by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach.

• Ability to effectively communicate with both business process owners and technology developers

• Business System Analyst will facilitate communication between product owners and technical team resources during the sprint cycle to further refine requirements.

• Experience in defining and documenting detailed business and technology requirements

• Experience with Agile Methodologies

• Identifying what needs to be done and doing it before being asked.

Job Description:

This role will report into the delivery manager on the GRC Product team and will work with both key Product owners and the GRC product development teams. The successful candidate will work in an Agile environment as part of the product teams to gather and refine user requirements with business stakeholders into actionable users stories for the development technical team to implement. The Business System Analyst will also facilitate communication between product owners and technical team resources during the sprint cycle to further refine requirements.

Key responsibilities for this role will vary across both business and technical attributes, including:
Work closely with the development team on implementation and operations tasks.
Work with product owners to define and document detailed business and technical requirements for the implementation of new functionality.
Assist project with the execution of UAT testing in the GRC Transformation quality assurance environment
Create communication material and conduct awareness activities to inform end users of upcoming technology changes and new business processes deployed
Assist in the management of user enhancement requests and bug fixes for previously deployed functionality
Coordinate and receive mentorship with senior business analysts and developers
Groom the back log and break the complex stories into small sprint size , maintain a healthy backlog for the developers to work on
What you have:
4-6 years of experience as a business analyst working on Open Pages software
Ability to effectively communicate with both business process owners and technology developers
Experience in defining and documenting detailed business and technology requirements
Experience with Agile Methodologies
Experience working in JIRA or similar Agile development tool is preferred
Experience using Confluence is preferred
Ability to handle tasks with competing priorities
Solid verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills
Ability to influence mutually agreeable solutions.
Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem-solving, influencing, prioritization, decision-making and conflict resolution skills
Strong initiative; self-starter; self-directed; ability to multi-task
You demonstrate these behaviors:
Analytical Thinking: Approaching a problem by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach.
Building Collaborative Relationships: Ability to develop, maintain, and strengthen partnerships with others inside or outside of the organization who can provide information, assistance and support.
Initiative: Identifying what needs to be done and doing it before being asked.
Flexibility: Openness to different and new ways of doing things; willingness to modify one's preferred way of doing things.
Results Orientation: Focusing on the desired end result of one's own or one's units' work; setting challenging goals, focusing effort on the goals, and meeting or exceeding them.
