Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
7 years of experience in system implementation projects (requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation/execution, issue identification and resolution).
Experience in implementation/customization of Partner Relationship Management (Salesforce) Systems.
Experience implementing partner incentive management (e.g., margins, funds, rebates).
Preferred qualifications:
5 years of experience in driving vision, strategy, and roadmap for enterprise systems and applications.
Knowledge of the partner lifecycle process.
Ability to operate in a complex environment of multiple projects and stakeholders, and participate in several projects simultaneously.
Ability to present to a variety of audiences (e.g., executive, technical).
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (verbal and written).
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

With your technical expertise, you build business applications and influence the design of features that improve the reliability of our applications and systems. You also define the scope of technical projects and oversee execution.

The Cloud Business Systems team is responsible for building all of cloud business systems including Marketing, Sales, Finance, Customer Support, Partners, CRM, etc. We can make a dramatic and measurable impact on almost every aspect of the bottom line and customer experience.

As a Business Systems Analyst, you'll develop Google Cloud partner relationship management system vision, enabling Cloud teams and driving capabilities, features, and user stories. You'll create excellent internal and external experiences of Google Cloud within Salesforce and its boundary systems inside Google.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities
Partner with Google executives and other key stakeholders to identify strategic priorities for Google Cloud, and define internal and external business processes to achieve those objectives.
Design business system solutions and collaborate with engineering and implementation teams to prioritize requirements and define the delivery roadmap.
Participate in systems implementation projects (e.g., requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation and execution, issue identification and resolution).
Plan, prioritize, and deliver systems enhancements by working with partners to drive adoption and change management as well as gather end users feedback.
Work across organizational boundaries and collaborate with cross-functional teams.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
