As a member of the Health and Human Services HHSC)Office of Decision Support (ODS) Business Services Team performs advanced oversight, consultative services and technical assistance functions with latitude for initiative and exercising independent judgment. Perform advance work related to the development of applications and data management systems, under direction of the functional Director, needing minimal supervision. To ensure that applications and data management systems are developed and maintained consistent with the HHSC mission, applicable laws, rules, policies, especially those related to security, executive decisions and user needs. Deliver oversight of Programs requirement gathering, development delivery of superior UAT, and implementation that meets HHSC Clients' and Program needs. Essential Job Functions:

Functions as liaison to IT for HHSC Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities (IDD)- Behavioral Health (BH) Program Services, ensuring appropriate exchange of information, monitoring and oversight of the development and maintenance of software applications to support of Program areas. Ensures effective communication between groups about the agency, IT, Program and end users (e.g. the Providers - LMHA, LBHA, LIDDA) needs/preferences and various approaches to the development of new functionality, balancing options for and impact of modifications to applications, as well as recommendation for streamlining and improvement. Participate in and provide oversight of the HHSC IDD-BHS IT projects and activities to plan, develop, maintain, and update applications. Activities include but are not limited to participation in all phases of IT project planning; requirements gathering workgroups, oversight of application design decisions to ensure the consistency and quality of the application, user acceptance testing, deployment planning, and final deployment approvals with IT project managers, business analysts, developers, subject matter experts, and internal and external stakeholders. Also works outside of the existing IT projects such as on IT estimates for legislative appropriations requests or grant applications. Review business processes and lead brainstorming and requirement sessions to develop crosswalks of existing and new processes and systems. EFJ1. 45%

Communicates information, orally and in writing, alone or with others, related to job responsibilities, HHSC, and ODS that are professional, logical, and concise. Written documentation includes communications with all levels of the organization, providing information for the decision-making, and for application users such as instructions, release notes, online Help, and application related broadcast messages. Provide oversight and approval of documentation produced by IT to include use cases, agile requirements documents, communications with users, and tickets. Orally present information, formal and informal, to individual and group, is well organized, fact, and data-based to convince the end user. Provide demonstrations of new, enhanced, or updated applications functionality as needed to the different stakeholders. Identify potential risks and difficulties related to applications such as CMBHS and other systems and designs communication strategies to mitigate or avoid them. EFJ2. 25%

As a member of the ODS ensures effective exchange of information between the ODS business team and the data analysts and training and technical assistance team. Communicates with ODS Data Analysts about application development and changes that will impact the analysis and reporting of data and with the training and technical assistance team to ensure they are aware of upcoming releases and deployments. Participates in and provides oversight of change control and request for work processes for the ODS business team to ensure they are effective and efficient. To meet the multiple deadlines and work on projects with changing priorities, from leadership and legislative changes. Uses the system to document the resolution of tickets. Recommends participates in and provides oversight of process improvements. EFJ3. 15%

Serves as backup for ODS Business team members, when needed. Work with Senior leadership, program, and IT to ensure work product is delivered promptly. Communicate with the internal and external stakeholders to deliver an oral and written presentation for the status of the multiple complex projects. Acquires appropriate levels of training and experience needed to provide support to other teams and system enhancements, bug fixes, and training materials. Shares and oversees the responsibility for running the business, and requests for ODS and IT support received through mailboxes and directly. Leads by example in recommending process improvements and bringing efficiency within HHSC by reducing waste. EFJ4. 10%

Other duties as assigned and special projects. EJF5. 5% Knowledge Skills Abilities:

Knowledge of methodologies used for the IT development and maintenance of the software applications.

Ability to meet deadlines and dealing with ambiguity on projects with changing priorities.

Ability to provide oversight of complex processes, identify non-compliance and areas needing improvement, proving results and recommendations.

Ability to read and understand system requirements/design specifications and propose logical solutions to meet requirements/specifications.

Ability to effectively communicate business/program needs and preferences to individuals, IT and other individuals and groups so that effective solutions are identified.

Ability to communicate technical information to business/program areas so that effective solutions are identified.

Ability to analyze and interpret technical information including regulations, policies, and automation system documentation/ specifications to communicate in writing and translate to users and business.

Ability to read, interpret, and analyze existing system and technical documentation, manuals, and reports.

Ability to analyze business systems, processes, and workflows and communicate (in writing, graphically and orally) appropriate levels of detail.

Ability to maintain a professional demeanor when dealing with challenging and stressful situations.

Skill in coordinating, facilitating and providing oversight of fast-paced workgroups and their meetings.

Skill working with Microsoft Office suite such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Visio. Registration or Licensure Requirements:

Certified Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) or Six Sigma certification is preferred. Initial Selection Criteria:

Degree from an accredited college, university or technical school. Experience may be substituted for education/Degree.

Experience in the Business Analysis and Project Management will be preferred. Additional Information:

Requisition #

In-basket exercise required. MOS Code:

Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria for this position may include: 35F, IT, 23, 02111, 8E000.

HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.

I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.

In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
