Summary:

The Business Analyst is someone who analyzes an organization or business and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology

The purpose of the Pharmacy Branch-Inventory Tracking Electronic Asset Management System (ITEAMS) Replacement project is to replace the existing ITEAMS with an automated solution that is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) compliant and able to integrate with outside systems to trace and track the distribution of Department of State Health Services (DSHS) pharmaceuticals

Duties:
Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Study product samples and discuss with Design & Development
Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Design and develop supporting documentation for products (e.g., user manuals)
Staying up to date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Understand and translate complex information for users of varying backgrounds, experiences
Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Periodically review all documentation for timeliness, accuracy, and usefulness; make corrections/updates as needed
Performing requirements analysis.
Develop documentation for a variety of media (print, PowerPoint, video, etc.)
Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management
Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports.
Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. Manage updates and revisions to technical literature.
Research develop and document technical design specifications and test scripts.
Performing user acceptance testing.
Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users.
Able to write in explanatory and procedural styles for multiple audiences
Requirements:
7 yrs expertise in Written and oral communications
7 yrs experience communicating with customers to obtain business requirements, documenting those requirements, and tracking and documenting the specifications associated with those requirements
7 yrs required relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
5 yrs required experience in the field of public health as a senior Business Analyst
5 yrs required familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within public health organization or a related HIV private sector medical institution
4 yrs experience analyzing raw data using Excel, etc.
4 yrs experience following test scripts to participate in User Acceptance Testing.
5 yrs experience reporting to executive management.
Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55.00 - $70.00 per hour

Benefits:
Dental Insurance
Health Insurance
Paid Time Off
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Public Health: 5 years (Preferred)
Business Analyst: 7 years (Preferred)
SDLC: 7 years (Preferred)
Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Location:
Austin, TX 78756 (Required)
Work authorization:
United States (Preferred)
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
