Title Business Analyst - 52909050 Location Austin,TX Duration 1 + Month (Will be extended in to next fiscl) Job Type C Description This Worker will act as a Business Analyst and their role on the project will be as a Product Owner for Community First Choice (CFC) IDD Assessment. Worker will have considerable latitude to use their experience and judgment to ensure successful completion of their assigned tasks. The Worker will be able to multi-task, analyze priorities, communicate clearly, and set expectations for the phases of the project. The Worker will be responsible for communicating with multiple internalexternal stakeholders including executives, contractors, technical staff, program staff, and TMHP staff. The services to be provided include, but are not limited to, the following A. Analyzes program policies, procedures, and initiatives to determine the impact on business systems and functional areas.B. Analyzes and reviews complex project deliverables such as project charters, business user requirements, design documentation, test plans, and risk assessment plans to ensure business requirements are met.C. Acts as a Product Owner and liaison between State Staff and Vendors to translate operational and business requirements to vendors.D. Reports project statuses to management based on established timelines.E. Analyzes and writes User Stories with Acceptance Criteria based on business needs and according to the Agile methodology.F. Develops business user test scenarios and participates in systems and user acceptance testing.G. Identifies potential project risks and issues and develops mitigation strategies.H. Manages schedule for deliverables as established.I. Other duties as assigned. Skills CANDIDATE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS Minimum Requirements Candidates that do not meet or exceed the minimum stated requirements (skillsexperience) will not be considered for this opportunity and the resume will not be submitted to the customer. identifying project risks and issues and developingimplementing mitigation strategies.8RequiredExperience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions8RequiredExperience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need.8RequiredExperience in effective general writtenoral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status.8RequiredExperience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff.8RequiredExperience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors.5RequiredExperience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.).5RequiredExperience coordinating changes to user and system requirements.5RequiredExperience coordinating and developing test strategies5RequiredExperience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software.3RequiredExperience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology.3RequiredExperience working in a team environment.3PreferredKnowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs.2PreferredExperience with Medicaid Long-term Care programs.2PreferredExperience with Texas Health and Human Services programs.
