Job Description
Schedule: Mon-Fri

Business Analyst

Who You’ll Work For

REEF Technology is the ecosystem that connects the world to your block. Each REEF hub is a thriving, connected ecosystem of businesses, cities and people, that enables and provides the delivery of products and services to more people than ever before. Each location offers a variety of services including micro-fulfillment centers, bike and scooter rental stations, electric vehicle charging, rideshare and autonomous vehicle buffering areas, community spaces for pop-up businesses, and more.

REEF Technology has reimagined the role of a parking facility. We are the largest network of parking lots in North America, believing these locations can do a lot more than just store your car. They serve as buffers for high density, high activity areas and, as such, alleviate congestion and the ensuing pollution. But, with the explosive growth of the sharing and on-demand economy, it is expected that the need for parking to solely store cars will be outgrown by other needs.

We are part of SoftBank, and its portfolio of leading companies transforming business and commerce at the cutting edge of technology in the world today

What You’ll Do
Provides business consulting to internal customers and leads business requirements gathering meetings and workshops.
Coordinates the development of comprehensive business cases with cost and benefit analysis for proposed new solutions and IT projects that are used at management and executive levels for funding and scoping decisions.
Participates in cross-functional teams to identify, define, validate and document the processes and business rules, recommend process changes and define processes related to technical design requirements and information sources.
Facilitates and manages the development of system specifications through detailed analysis with the business unit, IT and vendors.
Delivers functional and technical design documents.
Performs market research on emerging and available products and applications.
Creates RFPs and RFIs for business initiatives and IT projects.
Manages the acceptance of applications and application enhancements via formal test processes.
Acts as a subject matter expert and assists in establishing Service Level Agreements
Works closely with the IT management team, support and customer care teams and other internal partners to satisfy all customer requirements.
Other duties may be assigned
Who are you?
Knowledge of range of applications and technologies including Databases – SQL and Oracle, Business Applications - Microsoft Dynamics – Great Plains, Integration tools, Web Technologies, Infrastructure, Data Warehousing, ETL tools, Application Development and Change Management Tools, SOA Architectures, Web Application Development and Reporting.
Previous experience in the parking or banking industries is an asset but not required
The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other related field and at least 5 years relevant work experience.
Results-oriented and customer-focused.
Demonstrated ability to develop effective working relationships with internal and external customers.
Able to drive and manage change.
Comfortable and effective in eliminating barriers and working across organizational, functional boundaries to achieve corporate objectives.
Demonstrated ability to multi-task, investigate, analyze and problem-solve complex issues.
Strong communication skills, both written and oral.
Knowledge of French and/or Spanish is an asset.
Willingness to travel
Results-oriented and customer-focused.
Demonstrated ability to develop effective working relationships with internal and external customers.
Strong, decisive leader who can develop and manage relationships across the multiple areas of business.
Able to drive and manage change.
Comfortable and effective in eliminating barriers and working across organizational, functional boundaries to achieve corporate objectives.
Knowledge regarding business process redesign and strategic planning.
Experience in bringing innovative ideas to reality.
Adhere to IT methodologies and disciplines.
Strong project management skills.
Able to manage multiple conflicting priorities, reprioritize tasks, establish priorities, work independently and meet deadlines.
Demonstrated the ability to multi-task, probe, analyze and problem-solve complex issues.
Strong interpersonal skills and the ability to adapt to a complex and changing environment
Work with detailed technical information and hands-on technology experience.
Work as part of a team.
Manage personal stress and know own limits.
Ask for help when needed.
Ability to maintain information in confidence and exercise good judgment ?
Communicate clearly and concisely
What We’ll Provide
Medical
Dental
Vision
401K
Paid Time Off (PTO)

Special Instructions:
