Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Bellevue, WA, USA

Minimum qualifications:
Master's degree in Computer Science, related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
5 years of experience in Salesforce platform customizations, integrations, and developing and executing data migrations. Experience with Salesforce Service Cloud.
Experience in an object oriented programming language.
Experience in technical solution design within Customer Support domains or Partner lifecycle.
Preferred qualifications:
10 years of experience developing enterprise solutions.
Experience in solution design within Customer Support domains and/or Partner lifecycle.
Ability to operate in a complex environment of multiple projects and stakeholders and to participate in several projects simultaneously.
Ability to present to a variety of audiences (e.g., executive, technical).
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills.
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and then builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

As part of Cloud Systems, you will empower Google Cloud teams systems to develop solutions for staff, customers, and partners. You will understand the solutions provided by our internal and external partners and use your technical skills to identify the best ways of integrating solutions into the Google environment. You'll also understand configuration and management of systems, web-services, and associated workflows, translating business needs into technical requirements and high-level technical specifications, designing and developing recommended systems, and consulting to ensure smooth implementation.

As a Business Systems Analyst, you'll develop Google Cloud Support’s CRM system vision, enabling Cloud Support teams and driving capabilities, features, and user stories. You'll create excellent internal and external experiences of Google Cloud support within Salesforce Service Cloud and its boundary systems inside Google.

Google Cloud provides organizations with leading infrastructure, platform capabilities and industry solutions. We deliver enterprise-grade cloud solutions that leverage Google’s cutting-edge technology to help companies operate more efficiently and adapt to changing needs, giving customers a foundation for the future. Customers in more than 150 countries turn to Google Cloud as their trusted partner to solve their most critical business problems.
Responsibilities
Provide architecture leadership and define the systems strategy, roadmap, and milestones for delivery of Cloud Support systems capabilities utilizing Salesforce Service Cloud and its boundary systems inside Google.
Drive and define with teams across Cloud and Google the overall enterprise architecture for Google Cloud.
Produce Solutions Proposals laying out technical design options in collaboration with the Cloud Systems Infrastructure engineering team, and communicate regularly with the Cloud Support business team.
Provide guidance on technical direction to ensure the engineering team has clarity on what they need to build.
Accelerate innovation and excellence in our solutions and collaborate with leadership and key stakeholders on a regular basis.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
