I'm Brad, my wife's name is Sarah, and since 1999 we've been serving Austin as the best little plumbing & HVAC company in Texas. We only hire the highest skilled, most reliable employees. Not only are our employees knowledgeable and courteous, but they're all-around great folks who will go out of their way to make sure that our customers are taken care of. Solving problems for our customers, doing the job right and standing by all of our work 100% -- it's just what we do.

"We do great work. . .because we've got great people"

What We Are Looking For:

Someone to perform all functions of payroll on a weekly basis. Audit and analyze all commission-able sales and hourly time-sheets to ensure accurate and timely pay. Processing and reviewing of all wages, benefits, deductions, and other payroll related items.

The Ideal Candidate will have:
2-5 years working in a similar capacity
Proficient in MS office tools & Quickbooks experience is preferred
Payroll certifications desired, but not necessary
The ability to be self-motivated, upbeat, and detail oriented
Ability to work in high paced environment and manage pressure and deadlines
Must be flexible with your schedule to meet fluctuating demands of payroll
What We Offer:
Pay: $18-20 an hour
Schedule: Full time (Sunday - Wednesday) & Part time (Monday - Wednesday) available with flexible times
Full Benefits: Medical, Dental & Vision with Company-Paid Life Insurance & 401(k) plus company matching
Stability: We've been in business since 1999, and we're only getting better!
Team-Focused Work Environment
Ongoing Professional and Personal Development Training Opportunities
Fun! We take our work seriously, but no one here is above a little "toilet humor" (Check out our Instagram to see what we mean: https://www.instagram.com/call_radiant/)
Community Focus: We are dedicated to serving our customers as well as the greater good by contributing to both local and global causes.
If you feel like this is the career path for you, then click APPLY to submit your resume.

We're waiting to hear from you! Thanks for learning more about Radiant and we hope to meet with you soon.
