Location: USA TX AustinFull Part/Time: Full timeJob Req: RQ58828Type of Requisition:RegularClearance Level Must Currently Possess:NoneClearance Level Must Be Able to Obtain:NoneSuitability:No Suitability RequiredPublic Trust/Other Required:NoneJob Family:Business Process AnalysisJob Description:Requirements:* Clearly and effectively communicate processes, ideas, and solutions to technical teams and customers* Documenting software and systems efforts in Agile or mixed Agile and waterfall environments.* Working closely with government customer and other contractors to find solutions to difficult problems and manage multiple priorities at once* Reviewing, analyzing and evaluating business systems and user needs.* Documenting requirements, defining project scope and objectives, and working with software and systems architects on designing systems to parallel overall business strategies.* Creating workflow charts and diagrams; determining system capabilities; writing specifications.* Providing project management support to development efforts.Skills and Attributes:* Must have at least eight years of experience with planning, designing, developing, and launching efficient business, financial, and operations systems in support of core program functions and business processes, with four years serving in a leadership role.* Proficiency in developing robust business rules to resolve system issues and enhancements for systems.* Proficiency in developing testing scenarios.* Will serve as the primary contractor liaison with the business owner on business requirement related discussions, and will be essential to ensure the team is able to support the on-going business needs* Will meet with stakeholders to define business, financial, and operations requirements and systems goals.Scheduled Weekly Hours:40Travel Required:NoneT elecommuting Options:Some Telecommuting AllowedWork Location:USA TX AustinAdditional Work Locations:We are GDIT. The people supporting some of the most complex government, defense, and intelligence projects across the country. We deliver. Bringing the expertise needed to understand and advance critical missions. We transform. Shifting the ways clients invest in, integrate, and innovate technology solutions. We ensure today is safe and tomorrow is smarter. We are there. On the ground, beside our clients, in the lab, and everywhere in between. Offering the technology transformations, strategy, and mission services needed to get the job done. \n\nGDIT is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class.
