Note: By applying to this position your application is automatically submitted to the following locations: Sunnyvale, CA, USA; Austin, TX, USA; Bellevue, WA, USA

Minimum qualifications:
15 years of technical experience developing or implementing enterprise systems, managing full implementation lifecycle for delivery of systems.
10 years of experience in Enterprise Support and Services (Customer Support, Technology Consulting, Customer Success, or Partner Enablement).
5 years of experience leading project management and program management teams as people manager.
Preferred qualifications:
Experience with both customer facing systems as well as internal business applications.
Experience designing both Knowledge Center Services processes and customer online education systems.
Experience scoping projects and calibrating data driven prioritization of a portfolio of solutions in a complex stakeholder environment
Experience running technical programs while optimizing execution.
Ability to communicate complex technical work to executives and stakeholders.
Ability to define success metrics, track solution performance, and work prioritization.
About the job


At Google, we work at lightning speed. So when things get in the way of progress, the Business Systems Integration team steps in to remove those roadblocks. The team identifies time-consuming internal processes and builds solutions that are reliable and scalable enough to work within the size and scope of the company. You listen to and translate Googler needs into high-level technical specifications, design and develop recommended systems and consult with Google executives to ensure smooth implementation. Whether battling large system processes or leveraging our homegrown suite of Google products for Googlers themselves, you help Googlers work faster and more efficiently.

As Senior Manager of Business Systems Analysts, you will be focused on the success of the Google Cloud Support organization. The support business plays a vital role in taking care of our enterprise G-Suite and GCP customers around the world. You'll manage support systems ranging from agent-facing CRM ticketing solutions to the online customer care portals. Your Business Systems Analyst team will work closely with the Cloud Support organization to enable the business strategy, clarify business requirements, create solution designs, and plan for system releases.

Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible.
Responsibilities
Partner with Google executives and other key stakeholders to identify strategic priorities for Google Cloud, and define internal and external business processes to achieve those objectives.
Design business system solutions and collaborate with engineering and implementation teams to prioritize requirements and define the delivery roadmap.
Participate in systems implementation projects (i.e. requirements documentation, systems configuration, test documentation and execution, issue identification and resolution).
Work with partners to drive adoption and change management as well as gather end users feedback and plan, prioritize, and deliver systems enhancements.
Manage team of Business System Analysts and model our culture, coaching for performance, and caring for our people.

Google is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. See also Google's EEO Policy and EEO is the Law. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please let us know by completing this form.
