Job Description
BUSINESS ANALYST

Job Summary: Talent Software Services is in search of a Business Analyst for a contract position in Austin, TX. Opportunity will be seven months with a strong chance for a long-term extension.

Primary Responsibilities/Accountabilities:
Under general supervision, analyze and determine business requirements and provide detailed specifications to programming.
Provide consultation to the client before, during and after implementation, including the development of new procedures the changes may necessitate.
Interpret client's existing systems and workflows through and including the balancing of daily operations.
Provide training to the client before, during and after changes, including the correct use of the client system and on-line assistance,
Communicate progress and any potential problems to manager/project for awareness and/or resolution.
Uses limited independent judgment to make decisions based on precedents and established guidelines.
Solves problems using standard procedures and precedents
Performs other duties as required
The above statements are intended only to describe the general nature of the job, and should not be construed as an all-inclusive list of position responsibilities.
Qualifications:
Education - BS in Computer Science, MIS, EE or related experience.
Ability to learn the needs of the customer quickly and in line with the internal pace of the organization.
Experience in banking and/or investment services preferred.
Excellent command of Microsoft suite.
Preferred:
Project Management experience
Experience with Business Analysis and Technical Requirements gathering
Technical knowledge of client's systems and integrations.
If this job is a match for your background, we would be honored to receive your application!

Providing consulting opportunities to TALENTed people since 1987, we offer a host of opportunities including contract, contract to hire and permanent placement. Let's talk!
Company Description
Talent Software Services was originally founded as an IT staffing services company in 1987 before evolving from a locally owned operating full-service staffing firm into a national staffing organization. As a proud Veteran owned business, we have over 30 years of experience. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota we've expanded our reach to include offices in Plano, Texas and India. Talent's capabilities include Information Technology, Engineering, Digital, Healthcare, Government, and Professional Services Staffing.

Additionally:
At Talent, we believe that consultants are more than their skill sets.
To get the best projects, you must already be on the inside of the best companies.
Talent promotes a culture of teamwork that encourages personal growth, work/life balance, and professional excellence.
