Global Payment Operations organization is hiring a Recon Ops Data Analyst in Austin TX, who will be responsible for day-to-day reconciliation, data analysis and reporting of payment transactions processed through our system and the related general ledger accounts. You will partner closely with our Controlling, Accounting, Payments product and Payments operations Team etc. The ideal candidate will be self-motivated, process-oriented, works effectively with cross functional teams, in addition to strong written and verbal communication skills.

Job Responsibilities:
Reconciles variances by identifying patterns in complex data sets
Works with accounting and product on key performance metrics, reports and analytics related to reconciliation
Manages daily, weekly and monthly reporting for review with Accounting team
Develops standardized reporting packages, and delivers ad-hoc reporting/analysis required to support reconciliation procedures
Works with large volumes of data for extraction and transformation leveraging eBays massive and rich databases
Analyze current manual process surrounding Operations for optimization opportunities.
Designs optimal data architecture for data management and high performance.
Designs and execute reports to measure success and performance of business initiatives.
Automates data driven system controls for Operational procedures
Performs data modeling, documents and presents analysis
Job Requirements
Advanced SQL knowledge
General Ledger and Payments Industry Experience
Experienced in data mining and analysis
Expertise in deriving and building Metrics to help quantify Business Processes.
Ability to work with various stakeholders to understand and build project requirements.
Understands SOX compliant processes and builds accordingly.
Experienced in Agile environment.
Problem solving approach with great verbal and presentation skills
SAS, Python, Hadoop experience is a plus
Master+ 3 Years or Bachelors+ 5 Years
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
