The HHS-IT Business Operations (ITBO) Procurement Projects and Support (PPS) Business Analyst is a senior business analyst position responsible for gathering, compiling, analyzing, tracking, and drafting of functional and technical requirements for complex IT systems. This position performs extremely detail-oriented work on major IT procurements in the development of procurement artifacts and project documentation. The position is responsible for providing support in the execution of the procurement strategy for major IT procurements for the State of Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC). The position requires the candidate to work closely with the PPS Director, Project Managers, and team members; Project Sponsors and similar leadership; and stakeholders from other divisions within HHSC. Essential Job Functions:Gather and validate requirements for assembling Request for Offers (RFO's), Statements of Work (SOW), Attachments and Exhibits as part of major IT procurements. Convert high-level business, technical, financial, legal and other stakeholder requirements into procurement requirements at an appropriate level of detail and categorization to complete documentation according to standard templates, using clear, concrete, and concise language. Interpret new and changing business requirements to determine the impact on the solution and propose creative enhancements and changes to meet these new requirements. 40%Create / maintain presentation materials. (Slide decks, Visio diagrams, and other presentation materials used with Stakeholders). Coordinates and facilitates meetings during the procurement phases. Coordinate and facilitate task, risk and issue tracking. Serve as single point of contact and ownership for update of schedule, milestones, tasks, including but not limited to Security, Privacy, Legal, Finance, PCS, Risk Management, and Non-Disclosure Agreements. 30%Initiate Quality Control reviews of other complex project deliverables such as project charters, exhibits and attachments, contract and solicitation documentation, risk assessment plans with providing comments and feedback to document owners. Develop and maintain process document containing common errors discovered during the quality control reviews. Coordinate with business analysts on the PPS team to ensure reviews encompass updates to the processes. Implement version control on all procurement artifacts. 20%Develop business relationships and act as a point of contact for stakeholder or other procurement related questions, including ability to work with different stakeholders and differing perspectives, following through on commitments, and tactfully communicating procurement sensitive information. Assist program SMEs in development of up to date procurement artifacts ensuring all procurement relevant documents are gathered during a procurement lifecycle. 10%Knowledge Skills Abilities:* Knowledge of IT life cycle concepts; of business and management principles involved in procurement, and of project management principles and practices.* Knowledge of IT project planning, development and implementation with the ability to apply that knowledge to the development of requirements and RFP narrative.* Knowledge of the DIR Project Delivery Framework and the associated Project Management Life Cycle (PMLC) documentation.Ability to draft Request for Proposals (RFP) for the development and maintenance of IT solutions and services; ability to participate in a large HHS IT procurement from project initiation through vendor selection including proposal evaluations and contract negotiations.* Ability to analyze and interpret technical information including regulations, policies, and automation system documentation/specifications/to communicate in writing; to translate user/business needs into a technical style; to communicate technical instructions to system users; to analyze, evaluate, and integrate business rules into system requirements.* Ability to visualize, diagram, and explain As-Is / To-Be business process flows.* Ability to conduct data and/or requirements gathering meetings (JAD or JAR sessions), with adherence to meeting agenda, documentation of meeting outcomes, and the ability to drive Action Items to closure.* Ability to perform project level analysis and produce project analysis documentations such as swim lanes, sequence diagrams, use cases, etc.* Ability to work on complex business problems, analyzing and evaluating current business methods and procedures for improvements.* Ability to direct and organize procurement activities; to establish project goals and objectives that support the State and HHSC strategic plans as well as Federal directives.* Ability to identify problems, evaluate alternatives, exercise sound judgment, and implement effective solutions; to develop and evaluate policies and procedures; and prepare reports.* Ability to communicate effectively, develop professional networks, and identify the internal and external dynamics that impact the work of the organization.* Ability to build and maintain effective relationships with cross-departmental and inter-agency teams; including effective communication skills with technical and non-technical groups.* Skill in the application of risk management strategies and the ability to routinely identify and effectively mitigate risks.* Skill with the Microsoft project tool suite (Project, Visio, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Access).Registration or Licensure Requirements:CTCD required within 12 months of hire Initial Selection Criteria:* Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major coursework in business, communications, computer information systems or a related field. One year of appropriate experience may be substituted for the required education on a year-for-year basis.* 5 or more years' experience performing business analysis for large scale IT projects.* 2 or more years' experience preparing or responding to RFPs preferred.* Experience with Medicaid and CHIP systems preferredAdditional Information:Requisition # 457111Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in business, communications, computer information systems or a related field. Experience and education may be substituted one for another.Note: Military occupation(s) that relate to the initial selection criteria and registration or licensure requirements for this position may include, but not limited to: 25B, 255A, IT, 182X, ISM, 8848, 3D0X1. All active duty military, reservists, guardsmen, and veterans are encouraged to apply if qualified to fill this position. For more information see the Texas State Auditor's Military Crosswalk at http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx.MOS Code:25B, 255A, IT, 182X, ISM, 8848, 3D0X1HHS agencies use E-Verify. You must bring your I-9 documentation with you on your first day of work.I-9 Form - Click here to download the I-9 form.In compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), HHS agencies will provide reasonable accommodation during the hiring and selection process for qualified individuals with a disability. If you need assistance completing the on-line application, contact the HHS Employee Service Center at 1-888-894-4747. If you are contacted for an interview and need accommodation to participate in the interview process, please notify the person scheduling the interview.
