ABOUT AUSTIN REGIONAL CLINIC:

We have been voted a top Central Texas employer by our employees for 13 years! We have 26 locations and are one of central Texas’ largest professional medical groups. We offer the following benefits to eligible team members: Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending Accounts, Time Off, 401(k), EAP, Life Insurance, Long Term Disability, Tuition Reimbursement, Child Care Assistance, Health& Fitness, Sick Child Care Assistance and Development. For more information visithttps://www.austinregionalclinic.com/careers/

PURPOSE:

Provides analysis of data for the Medical Home department that will allow the directors to make decisions about patient contact or physician education. Produces or coordinates production of reports on demand as well as routine reporting based on measurements for the project. Interfaces with the various health plan business analysts to ensure data integrity. Works collaboratively with the ARC Medical Home Medical Director, Program Director, and other ARC/CMS executives. Carries out all duties while maintaining compliance and confidentiality and promoting the mission and philosophy of the organization.

RESPONSIBILITIES:
Produces ad hoc reports and analyses on demand to assist in decision-making and planning.
Monitors data for trends or issues relative to quality measurements.
Builds, tests and maintains reporting applications.
Creates technical documentation and workflow processes.
Researches and develops methods to improve reporting outcomes.
Consults appropriate reference materials to verify proper outcomes.
Writes queries into complex, multi-dimensional systems utilizing standard tools and languages including MS Access and SQL. Designs and documents business logic using standard tools including MS Visio
Conducts self-directed investigation and testing of large complex data sets.
Aggregates and reconciles appropriate data from multiple sources.
Creates automatable logic on appropriate data for analytics and standard reports.
Performs other duties as assigned.
QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Bachelors Degree required; major in healthcare management, MIS Computer Science or other analytical fields preferred.

Experience: At least 2 years working with health plan analytics demonstrating adeptness with health informatics for use in business intelligence applications and decision-making.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Fluency in standard healthcare industry taxonomies and codifications including CPT, ICD9, DRG, NPI, TOB, Revenue Center, and others.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Strong organizational skills.
Exceptional attention to detail.
Ability to work in a collaborative, team oriented environment.
Exceptional level of critical thinking, decision-making, and problem-solving abilities.
Ability to investigate various topics such as new taxonomies/codifications and clinical quality measurement through self-directed research

Work Schedule: Monday- Friday 8am-5pm.
