Business Process Analyst Health Services

Overview:

SBG Technology Solutions, Inc. (SBG) is growing and would like you to join our team!

SBG Technology Solutions, a service disabled veteran owned small business specializing in engineering, information technology (IT), cyber-security, and training services, is looking for a results-oriented Business Process Analyst. We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join our rapidly growing company. The ideal candidate for this position would be an experienced individual who is hard-working, able to excel in a fast-paced government contractor environment, and possesses a positive, energetic attitude. This position is located in Austin, TX.

OVERVIEW:

Provide program management support on a contract with the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).

Key Responsibilities:
Tracks, supports, and coordinates client data calls and action items.
Facilitates coordinated replies to VA stakeholders and business sponsors, non-routine tasks, and mission-driven ad hoc requests for information.
Develops presentations, talking points, web content, Congressional responses, and other deliverables, as necessary.
Coordinates with program teams, staff, and other teammates to generate, review, and staff various program documents and data.
Plans, conducts, and documents a variety of program, technical and management meetings and reviews.
Provides SharePoint administrative support, including maintaining user access privileges, monitoring capacity, creating archives, troubleshooting, and performing site development and maintenance; uploading documentation and ensuring that portfolio, program, and project documentation is current and logically organized.
Addresses both internal and external stakeholder requirements, and as part of an integrated team, sharing products, best practices, and information across VA’s Office of Information and Technology (OIT).
Performs other duties, as assigned.
Position Requirements
Must possess a Bachelor’s Degree; and 5 years of relevant experience. Eight years of additional relevant experience may be substituted for education.
Experience analyzing IT business and information environments, activities, and events; must have experience finding trends, identifying errors and reviewing data, as well as report writing skills.
Must be proficiency with MS Office tools including Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint
Strong SharePoint skills are required
Must be a U.S. Citizen or Permanent Resident to obtain and maintain a VA Public Trust Clearance
Preferred Skills and Experience

Prior experience supporting VA projects is highly desired

We offer a very competitive benefits package, in a family-friendly environment.

SBG is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
