Title: Business Analyst- Rhapsody
Location: Austin, TX 78756
Duration: 6 Months
Job Description:
Plan and lead collaboration with IT, CDC and Business SMEs to document the Ecosystem routes and message paths
Uses problem-solving and analytical skills to identify opportunities to automate current manual correction of data
Roles & Responsibilities:
Identify and analyze routes, lookup tables, and data transformation within Rhapsody
Gather and analyze complex data and requirements
Produce high quality business process documents
Analyze and document the current case reports sending through ELR to the Ecosystem to improve performance
Works with IT, business users and leadership to help them understand the application functionality, development approaches, possible enhancements and process improvements for the Ecosystem
Review completed documentation and diagrams with IT, business SMEs and leadership
Required Experience:
Two years of administrative experience in a business or government agency with responsibility for assisting in the direction and/or coordination of office administration and other support.
Required Skills:
HL7 processing
MS SQL Server
MS SQL
MS Office Suite and Visio
Electronic Lab Results/Electronic Health Record Integration Architecture
Orion Health Rhapsody Administration and Route Development
Java, Java scripting
Public Health Information Network Messaging System (PHINMS)
ETL experience
SNOMED, LOINC, ICD-9, ICD-10
Preferred Skills:
Understands Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements and their technical specifications.
Ensures the EIR accessibility and security is integrated into the project lifecycle at the appropriate points (planning, design, development, test, etc.) and ensures that resources are included to implement EIR accessibility within the project.
About our Company: -

22nd Century Technologies is a business enterprise that supports demanding staffing programs for Corporations and State and Local Government Agencies. Its journey began in 1997 by supporting large Federal contracts which nudged us in the direction of creating large candidate pools across the country. Over the last 20 years, we have built a strong business model that is carefully constructed to deliver on multiple facets. We have proven past performance of providing services that exceed our clients' expectations. Today 22nd Century technologies supports clients in all 50 states and has grown to be a company that is trusted and sought for providing a complex mix of workforce solutions. With a firm grip on the entire spectrum of staffing solutions, we have placed more than 500,000 skilled resources and delivered 15 million+ man-hours.
“22nd Century Technologies is an Equal Opportunity Employer" and “US Citizens & all other parties authorized to work in the US are encouraged to apply."
