Job Description
Texas Health and Human Services Commission requires the services of 1 Business Analyst 3, hereafter referred to as Candidate(s), who meets the general qualifications of Business Analyst 3 Category, Core Technology Type and the specifications outlined in this document for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission.

CANDIDATE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS
8 years - Experience identifying project risks and issues; and developing/implementing mitigation strategies.
8 years - Experience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions
8 years - Experience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need.
8 years - Experience in effective general written/oral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status.
8 years - Experience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff.
8 years - Experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors.
5 years - Experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.).
5 years - Experience coordinating changes to user and system requirements.
5 years - Experience coordinating and developing test strategies
5 years - Experience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software.
5 years - Experience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology.
5 years - Experience working in a team environment.
Preferred
3 years - Knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs.
2 years - Experience with Medicaid Long-term Care programs.
2 years - Experience with Texas Health and Human Services programs.
TERM OF SERVICE

Services expect to start 07/30/2020 and are expected to be completed by 08/31/2020. Total estimated hours per Candidate shall not exceed 184 hours. This service may be amended, renewed, and/or extended providing both parties agree to do so in writing.
