Overview

Business Analyst:
Location: Austin, TX
Duration: 6 Months

Primary Responsibilities:

Manage all aspects of a technology related project.
Ensure project tasks and products follow the development process and quality guidelines while meeting both functional and contractual requirements.
Work with peers from user area and contractor staff to coordinate, plan, assign, supervise, and evaluate the work of the project staff in a matrixed organization structure.
Manage deliverable content expectations, review processes, and acceptance criteria.
Ensure deliverables meet the agreed upon quality and content.
Develop and manage project budgets, schedules, work plans, resource requirements, and cost estimates and projections.
Ensure all team members understand the project standards and be able resolve challenges with the quality of any party's work products.
Communicate with the project stakeholders, management, and other relevant parties.
Document detailed system requirements.
II.Worker Skills And Qualifications

Minimum Requirements:


Years
Skills/Experience
6
Full-time experience in project management work, business analysis, or project administration. Experience managing large, complex projects throughout all development phases.
6
Experience in structured design and development process, scope control, project estimation, risk mitigation, and preventive and corrective actions for overruns.
6
Experience managing project activities; establishing project goals and objectives; exercising sound judgment in making critical decisions; analyzing complex information and developing plans to address identified issues; demonstrate negotiation and facilitation skills; identify project risks and gaps; prepare reports; and communicate effectively.
5
Experience reviewing, analyzing, and evaluating business systems and user and stakeholder needs.
5
Experience facilitating and documenting business process mapping and business process reengineering and identifying new applications of technology to business problems that make a business more effective.
5
Experience documenting detailed requirements for information technology solutions that will meet program and user needs.
3
Experience writing Request for Information, Request for Offer (RFO) and Statement of Work (SOW) documents.
3
Experience simultaneously collecting requirements across multiple program areas or organizations that are geographically dispersed and that have varying business needs.
3
Experience with business process reengineering and identifying new applications of technology to business problems to make business more effective.

Preferences:


Years
Skills/Experience
4
Knowledge of project management theories and practices applicable to projects that are complex in scope; of systems and procedures used to evaluate a third-party vendor's performance; and of local, state, and federal laws and regulations relevant to the administration of the project undertaken.
