*CURRENT EMPLOYEES :
Please click here to be redirected to the internal career site.
Job Description


The Laboratory Analyst will be based in Austin, TX. The analyst will support dosimetry laboratory validations; routine dosimetry testing, and periodic equipment qualification. Ensures finished products meet company standards.

We are looking for someone who demonstrates:
Intense collaboration
Passionate customer focus
Thoughtful, fast, disciplined execution
Tenacious commitment to continuous improvement
Relentless drive to win
Here is a glimpse of what you’ll do…
Support electron beam IQ/OQ/PQ validations.
Perform dosimetry laboratory equipment validations.
Perform routine dosimetry testing and data analysis.
Perform dosimeter batch calibrations and dosimeter batch calibration verification audits.
Troubleshoot dosimetry spectrophotometers and spectrometers and associated computer software.
Collect, review and analyze dosimetry results to support irradiation process.
Author, review and execute validation protocols for dosimetry laboratory equipment and test methods.
Perform review of test data with application of GDP.
Will be required to perform change requests when required and complete them in a timely manner. •Author, review and revise dosimetry work instructions including, but not limited to, operation and calibration.
Identification and issuance of Alert/OOL forms for out of limit results. May be required to conduct investigations into Alert/OOL excursions.
Ensure laboratory area is always maintained in a GMP state while following all EHS and 5S guidelines.
May be required to generate, execute and summarize special laboratory studies.
Ensure personal training requirements are met and that training records are current.
Here is some of what you’ll need (required)…
Experience in sterilization processes: electron beam and/or gamma irradiation.
Experience in dosimetry, physics, manufacturing process engineering or radiation processing.
Strong analytical, mathematical and statistics skills.
Experience writing and executing validation protocols for lab equipment and test methods.
Demonstrates advanced technical skills.
Demonstrates detailed functional knowledge and may lead process.
Has awareness of new technologies/ techniques.
Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals.
Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.
Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.
Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.
Ability to compute rate, ratio and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.
Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form.
Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.
Here are a few of our preferred experiences…
Experience in sterilization processes: electron beam and/or gamma irradiation.
Experience in dosimetry, physics, manufacturing process engineering or radiation processing.
Radiation Safety Training.
Here are a few examples of what you’ll get for the great work you provide…
Full range of medical benefits, dental, vision
Life Insurance
Matching 401K
PTO
Tuition Reimbursement
Employee discounts at local retailers
AM31

Job Category
Quality

Flex does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies or fee based recruitment services. Flex is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Flex does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on: age, race, religion, color, sex, national origin, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, disability, pregnancy status or any other status protected by law. Flex provides reasonable accommodation so that qualified applicants with a disability may participate in the selection process. Please advise us of any accommodations you request to express interest in a position by e-mailing: accesibility@flextronics.com. Please state your request for assistance in your message. Only reasonable accommodation requests related to applying for a specific position within Flex will be reviewed at the e-mail address. Flex will contact you if it is determined that your background is a match to the required skills required for this position. Thank you for considering a career with Flex.

The information we collect:

We may collect personal information that you choose to submit to us through the Website or otherwise provide to us. This may include your contact details; information provided in online questionnaires, feedback forms, or applications for employment; and information you provide such as CV/Resume. Your details will be provided to the entity you are applying for a job with. We will use your information for legitimate business purposes such as responding to comments or queries or answering questions; progressing applications for employment; allowing you to choose to share web content with others or; where you represent one of our customers or suppliers, administering the business relationship with that customer or supplier. We will process your data in accordance with our Recruitment Privacy Notice.

If you have any queries about the processing of your data, please contact:

Global Data Privacy Officer:

Email Address: chiefprivacyofficer@flex.com
