Please apply for this position by sending your resume to Email apply AT chandratech DOT com SUBJECT Applying for Medicaid Business Analyst Austin, TX Hourly Rate 67 W2 77 CTC1099 Job Description This Worker will act as a Business Analyst and their role on the project will be as a Product Owner for Community First Choice (CFC) IDD Assessment. Worker will have considerable latitude to use their experience and judgment to ensure successful completion of their assigned tasks. The Worker will be able to multi-task, analyze priorities, communicate clearly, and set expectations for the phases of the project. The Worker will be responsible for communicating with multiple internalexternal stakeholders including executives, contractors, technical staff, program staff, and TMHP staff. The services to be provided include, but are not limited to, the following Analyzes program policies, procedures, and initiatives to determine the impact on business systems and functional areas. Analyzes and reviews complex project deliverables such as project charters, business user requirements, design documentation, test plans, and risk assessment plans to ensure business requirements are met. Acts as a Product Owner and liaison between State Staff and Vendors to translate operational and business requirements to vendors. Reports project statuses to management based on established timelines. Analyzes and writes User Stories with Acceptance Criteria based on business needs and according to the Agile methodology. Develops business user test scenarios and participates in systems and user acceptance testing. Identifies potential project risks and issues and develops mitigation strategies. Manages schedule for deliverables as established. Other duties as assigned. Required Skills Experience identifying project risks and issues and developingimplementing mitigation strategies (8 years) Experience reporting project status to management including risks, issues, and key decisions (8 years) Experience translating business needs into technical objectives and identifying solutions to satisfy the business need (8 years) Experience in effective general writtenoral communication, including documenting requirements, deliverables, test scenarios and project status (8 years) Experience utilizing business analysis skills and interacting with business end users and technical staff (8 years) Experience performing review and approval processes of complex technical user and system requirements written by vendors (8 years) Experience with Microsoft Office products (e.g., Word, Excel, etc.) (5 years) Experience coordinating changes to user and system requirements (5 years) Experience coordinating and developing test strategies (5 years) Experience with Microsoft Project or similar project management software. (5 years) Experience utilizing the Agile methodology or other form of adaptive software development methodology (3 years) Experience working in a team environment (3 years) Preferred Skills Knowledge of Texas Health and Human Services programs (3 years) Experience with Medicaid Long-term Care programs (2 years) Experience with Texas Health and Human Services programs (2 years) Medicaid Business Analyst -- MS Office, MS Project, Agile, Medicaid Long-Term Care Programs, Health and Human Services Programs Higher Competitive Rates will be considered for consultants with advanced skill set Corp to Corp Resumes are welcome Consultants may need a criminal background check Contact Number (608) 836 9920
