JOB TITLE: Management Analyst

PROJECT OVERVIEW:

"This position is contingent upon contract award"

The project provides support services for the Army Futures Command (AFC) Headquarters and subordinate/direct reporting units in the planning and management of the full range of operations activities for mission execution.

JOB DESCRIPTION AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

This position supports AFCs review and assessment of their compliance with the Armys Management Internal Control Program (MICP) and the Annual Assurance Statement. Responsibilities include support to AFCs Financial Management and Comptroller (FM&C) personnel in the performance of comprehensive reviews, special studies, investigations and selective internal examination of all transactions to determine the accuracy and completeness of documentation and control procedures. The Management Analyst will assist in the review of all developed office and Command policies and SOPs and provide advice to AFCs FM&C personnel regarding compliance with all applicable DoD and Army regulations. This position is also responsible to review internal controls that are in place and evaluate Command compliance and effectiveness of the internal controls.

REQUIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:

Security Clearance: Secret
Active SECRET clearance
Bachelors degree, minimum Five (5) years of direct experience in management or business analysis
Understanding of Army organization, headquarters functions, and resource management
DESIRED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS:
Experience working in Army or other DOD service headquarters business operations and management processes, specifically in or working closely with resource management (G-8)
WORK LOCATION: Austin, TX

TRAVEL: None

KEY WORDS:

WBB is a technical and management consulting company that provides innovative products and services that solve government and commercial customers toughest problems. For more than 30 years, WBB has set the standard for excellence in consulting services, while providing its employees with an outstanding work environment with ample opportunities for growth and success. WBB continues to enjoy impressive growth, which is directly attributed to the companys hiring practice of always hiring the very best professionals from government, military and industry.

We are proud of our diverse environment and are an Equal Opportunity Employer. WBB is committed to a policy of equal employment opportunity. WBB participates in E-Verify.

WBB does not accept unsolicited resumes through or from search firms or staffing agencies. All unsolicited resumes will be considered the property of WBB and WBB will not be obligated to pay a placement fee.
