Foresite Group has an exciting opportunity for an experienced, self‐starting, energetic, and innovative Civil Engineering Project Analyst to join our Austin, TX office. This person will support the design, detailing, tracking, reporting, and administration of civil engineering projects while furthering technical and professional skills needed to obtain a Professional Engineering license.

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering

Qualifications: EIT Certificate required and 1-3 years of experience in civil site design

Responsibilities: Assists with land development projects by performing civil design calculations and using engineering judgment to transform concept designs into construction drawings and technical specifications as required by assignment. Researches and writes reports/opinions, including due diligence investigations and code studies. Utilizes various engineering related computer software including AutoCAD Civil 3D. Conducts studies to identify engineering problems and assesses potential project impacts. Inspects project sites with Project Manager to monitor progress and ensure conformance to design specifications and safety standards. Coordinates project tasks and scheduling with Project Manager. Researches design options and document findings for Project Manager. Assists the Project Manager or Project Engineer with the permitting of engineering projects. Assists in examination of engineering documents for completeness or accuracy. Assists in review of drawings supplied by vendors, clients, engineers, and architects and recommend necessary changes.

Skills: Possesses ability to analyze project needs and product requirements to create a design. Has ability to manage important resources such as time and materials. Demonstrates ability to use logic and reasoning to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Outstanding communication skills. High level of interpersonal skills and integrity. Works well within a team environment.
