Posting Address

1812 Centre Creek Dr.
Suite 240
Austin, Texas 78754
KH
#LI-KH1

Position Overview

Product Owner/Business Analyst
Hubbell is seeking a Product Owner to join our progressive and dynamic fast-paced enterprise and mobile applications team. These are exciting times - our industry and user expectations are changing and so are we! We are developing the next generation of world class Internet of Things (IoT) connected lighting controls and applications. This is a hands-on product owner/business analyst role that will directly contribute to the development of requirements in the form of epics and user stories of our cutting edge cloud-connected IoT applications and offerings with the latest tools. You will be part of our fast-growing innovative technology design center to be located in Round Rock, TX, a hi-tech hub north of Austin.
We are looking for a talented and creative problem solver. You will be involved in the complete software development life cycle, seeing your epics and user stories into a finished product in a hybrid agile environment. This will require a high degree of collaboration among highly-talented, cross-functional and geographically-dispersed development teams. You will work closely with industry-best product management team, developers and other design team members to present business and customer needs and help develop end-to-end solutions.

Essential Functions
Conduct voice-of-customer studies to understand and document user work flows and use cases
Develop Epics and detailed user stories and work closely with development team members to help develop end-to-end Enterprise lighting solutions
Function as liaison between development team members and end customers, users and other stake holders
Develop marketing collateral including product specifications, training documentation, user manuals and user acceptance tests (UATs)
Assist with the preparation of wireframes and lead focus groups to validate concepts
Attend all scrum meetings including backlog grooming, sprint planning, daily standup, sprint review to answer all requirement questions and provide feedback on development artifacts and applications
Perform UATs and support field trials
Basic Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in Engineering or equivalent in related field
2 or more years of experience conducting voice of customer studies
3 or more years of experience writing epics and detailed user stories in Jira, Azure DevOps or similar tool
2 or more years of experience performing User Acceptance Testing
2 or more years of experience developing marketing collateral
Experience in the Lighting or Building Automation industry
Preferred Qualifications
Experience in Controls and Device Automation industry
Experience working with geographically-dispersed teams
Experience with New Product commercialization
Position Criteria
A demonstrated ability to effectively communicate Business and Product requirements to Development and QA team members and answer questions
Solid decision-making skills and the ability to articulate reasoning while taking the bigger product picture into consideration
Expert ability to apply analytical and problem-solving skills to solve complex customer use cases
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Ability to work independently and to follow directions
Ability to communicate and promote software development best-practices
Corporate Overview

Hubbell Incorporated was founded in 1888 and has grown into an international manufacturer of quality electrical, lighting and power solutions with more than 75 brands used and recognized around the world. Our founder, Harvey Hubbell, developed tooling and equipment to serve the growing demand for new assembly and manufacturing machinery during the industrial revolution. An early, and one of many patents awarded, came for the creation of the first practical method to control electricity through the pull chain socket that remains unchanged today. As a market leader in reliable, electrical solutions, we provide more than half a million products delivered through our various business groups. Hubbell is committed to continually innovating solutions that work, transforming old products with new ideas, and ensuring that we Energize, Enlighten and Empower the communities that support us.

Division Overview

Hubbell Lighting (HLI) is committed to elevating the lighting experience. Empowered by lighting solutions that integrate seamlessly into their environment, save energy, provide improved quality of light, deliver return on investment and armed with Hubbell's unflinching support, its customers are able to think differently about how, where, and when they can use light. As one of the largest lighting fixture manufacturers in North America, it features a suite of brands that provide a full range of indoor and outdoor lighting products serving the commercial, industrial, institutional, and residential markets.

Hubbell Incorporated, its subsidiaries and affiliates, is an EO Employer AA: M/F/Veteran/Disability. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other protected class.

Nearest Major Market: Austin
Job Segment: Business Analyst, Cloud, Quality Assurance, Testing, Technology
