Are you an ambitious natural explorer, not afraid to venture into unknown software and unclear requirements? Do you love puzzles and figuring out why something doesn’t work as expected? Are you logical, creative, detail oriented and a bit of a perfectionist who knows how to be tactful and diplomatic? Then you may be just who we are looking for!

What we have:

Our IT QA department is a fun, hardworking, collaborative and team-oriented culture. We offer a high demanding, challenging environment that recognizes and rewards overachieving individuals. You will have the opportunity to work a friendly, diverse team on the Guidewire insurance platform (Policy Center, Billing Center and Claims Center). We value team member support and have an open door and open mind for your new ideas and methodologies that will make us all a stronger more effective QA team

Position Summary:

The Senior Quality Assurance Analyst is responsible for ensuring that the application software that IT places into production meets the quality standards of the IT department. This person is also responsible for providing input into the overall direction of the IT department.

Essential Functions:
Experience evaluating use cases/software requirements to create test plans, test cases, execute test cases, document results and report bugs.
Ability to organize results of testing and provide reports to management.
Ability to work with various groups including project management, developers, and customers to understand goals of projects and testing needs.
Experienced in waterfall and agile software development and test methodologies.
Intermediate to advanced experience with SQL
Ability to work independently and ability to lead projects.
Provide recommendations on Quality Assurance methodology and Test environment improvements; uses knowledge and experience in solving complex problems.
Perform complex and varied Quality Assurance activities using appropriate test tools, common routines, and best practices.
Identify and thoroughly analyze defects, issues, risks, and action items along with identifying the business requirements& the system requirements as part of the project team.
Provide status reports to Manager on development projects.
Familiarity with client/server and n-tier system architectures and object-oriented development.
Serves as a mentor to QA testers and QA analysts by training, assisting with complex testing scenarios and issues Guides less experienced team members
Creates and maintains test matrices, test plans and testing status reports to validate and verify that all system changes conform to established system standards and business requirements.
Executes automated regression suite.
Creates Test Closure reports.
Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:
Able to critically think through defects, issues risks, and action items and determines appropriate course of action
Good communication and interpersonal skills.
Self-reliant and motivated self-starter.
Project and task oriented with a focus on details.
Knowledge of defect tracking software and how to write a proper defect report
Good understanding of quality assurance methodologies in a high-tech environment
Required Education and Experience:
Four-year college degree, preferably in CS, engineering or other technical field, or equivalent experience
Minimum five years of hands-on experience as a software quality assurance analyst.
Familiarity with Microsoft-based products and technologies
Working knowledge of MS SQL
Preferred Education and Experience:
Experience testing Guidewire products (PolicyCenter, BillingCenter or ClaimCenter)
Familiarity with agile methodology.
Property and casualty insurance.
Any IT certification
TWIA& TFPA are proud to present our Total Rewards& Compensation Program. The Association invests in its most valuable resource -- Our Employees.

We offer an excellent Health& Welfare benefits package that includes medical, dental, vision, life, accident, and disability insurance, and a retirement savings package that includes a 401(k) plan with 6% matching contributions and an employer paid pension plan. We also offer competitive pay, performance incentives, and career growth with our Training& Professional Development program. In addition, we provide a healthy environment and work/life balance along with paid holidays, personal days, paid vacation, and sick leave.

TWIA& TFPA is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity.

All resumes submitted on behalf of an applicant by a third party to any employee at TWIA& TFPA via-email, the Internet or in any form and/or method will be deemed the sole property of TWIA& TFPA. No fee will be paid to any third party in the event the candidate is hired by TWIA& TFPA as a result of the referral or through other means, unless TWIA& TFPA have previously entered into a contract for placement assistance with such party.
