Job Description:

Job Description:

The Business Systems Consultant position will serve as an internal consultant between the client and technology group by way of planning, conducting, and directing the analysis of complex business problems relating to systems. The Business Systems Consultant will translate complex business problems into technical guidance to identify, evaluate and develop systems or automated processes. The Business Systems Consultant will be responsible for resolving issues and providing solutions that meet business requirement(s) while considering the most cost-effective path to resolution.

Typical activities for this position include:
Ensures adoption of key applications associated with business transformation
Re-engineers technical processes and systems for greater efficiencies
Prepares specifications for system changes
Recommends and initiates systems testing
Diagram business process flows and lead process improvement projects leveraging business and technology skills
Drives cross-functional team engagement, including 3rd party vendors, to provide holistic support to the business
Communicates existing backlog of work demand and priorities as appropriate to setting schedules and expectations
Direct engagement with the enterprise Application support team to ensure application stability and drive innovation
Provide on-site support for mission critical applications including Oracle, Solidworks, MasterCam, Proship, and Label printing (Bartender) software.
Minimum Qualifications:
7+ years of Business Analyst experience in a cross-functional environment
5+ years of experience with Oracle Inventory and Distribution modules
BA/BS or equivalent work experience
Preferred Qualifications:
Master Degree
ABOUT DJO GLOBAL
DJO Global is a leading global developer, manufacturer and distributor of high-quality medical devices that provide solutions for musculoskeletal health, vascular health and pain management. Our products address the continuum of patient care from injury prevention to rehabilitation after surgery, injury or from degenerative disease, enabling people to regain or maintain their natural motion. Our products are used by orthopedic specialists, spine surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers and other healthcare professionals. In addition, many of our medical devices and related accessories are used by athletes and patients for injury prevention and at-home physical therapy treatment. Product lines include rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators used for pain management and physical therapy products. Our surgical division offers a comprehensive suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee and shoulder. Our products are marketed under a portfolio of brands including Aircast®, Chattanooga, CMF™, Compex®, DonJoy®, ProCare®, Exos™, Dr. Comfort®, DonJoy Performance® and DJO® Surgical.

For additional information on the Company, please visit www.DJOglobal.com.

DJO is a growing subsidiary of diversified technology leader Colfax Corporation

EOE AA M/F/VET/Disability

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, protected veteran status, disability, or any other basis protected by federal, state or local laws.
