Join us as we pursue our disruptive new vision to make machine data accessible, usable and valuable to everyone. We are a company filled with people who are passionate about our product and seek to deliver the best experience for our customers. At Splunk, we're committed to our work, customers, having fun and most importantly to each other's success. Learn more about Splunk careers and how you can become a part of our journey!RoleWe are seeking a hardworking and motivated individual to join Splunk's Data Protection team. As Splunk's first Sr. Privacy Analyst on the team, the role is an exciting opportunity to build practice and procedures in support of Splunk's web and advertising technologies. The individual will also be an integral player in helping Splunk fulfill its data protection requirements for the collection and handling of personal data globally. The role will report directly to Splunk's Sr. Director, Data Protection (Data Protection Officer). Splunk is based in the San Francisco Bay Area; for this position, full-time remote work is available (U.S. time zone required).Personal Characteristics and Skills* Adaptable, welcomes change, and is comfortable with ambiguities* Effectively educates, evangelizes, and promotes data protection best practices* Firmly understands impact of global data protection requirements on marketing* Comfortable with and curious about marketing technologies, systems, and processes* Drives programmatic goals while building close relationships with business partners* Organized, responsive, and persistent with good follow-through; customer service oriented* Demonstrates initiative, passion, and resourcefulness* Maintains a strong work ethic and a high degree of accountability* Effectively balances competing priorities in a rapidly growing, fast-paced environment* Passionate about data protection and building a culture of data protection at Splunk* Maintains a sense of humor and lives the mantra-work hard, have fun, and make history!ResponsibilitiesAs a Sr. Privacy Analyst on the Splunk's Data Protection team, you will:* Develop, maintain, and evolve privacy programs to manage web advertising, and analytics technologies and practices (e.g. cookies and other tracking technologies)* Handle privacy inquiries and requests for access to personal information internally and externally* Review Splunk's business applications and products to incorporate Privacy by Design into the development process* Help monitor Splunk's data collection practices, investigate and document how data is shared within Splunk's data ecosystem, and update Splunk's corporate data protection policies* Conduct data protection impact assessments for Splunk's new and existing processes, services, and applications* Assist with overseeing and appropriately responding to internal and external audits of Splunk's systems and procedures* Intake, triage, and analyze reported data protection incidents to ensure appropriate escalation to the team for rapid response and remediation* Support the integration of acquired companies and technologies through data protection due diligence* Advise on complex data protection best practices through consistent analysis, feedback, and follow-through with internal business partners* Analyze and evaluate Splunk's compliance with relevant data protection regulations, standards, and frameworks (e.g GDPR, CCPA, and ePrivacy) to help ensure that Splunk continues to embrace best-in-class practices* Support the development of data protection infrastructure and process automation across the enterprise* Develop data protection awareness campaigns and training programs* Represent the team in day-to-day activities with Splunk business, legal, and technology business partners.Minimum Qualifications* Bachelor's degree; Advanced degree a plus* 8+ years professional experience in a role involving privacy compliance* Relevant privacy or security certifications (e.g. CISSP, CIPP, CIPT, or CIPM)* Deep knowledge of global data protection laws, standards, and associated frameworks (e.g. GDPR, CCPA, HIPAA, and APEC CBPR)* Strong track record of working collaboratively with cross-functional business partners* History of managing privacy programs relating to web, advertising, and analytics technologies and practices (e.g. cookies and other tracking technologies)* Expresses complex ideas in easily understandable ways* Strong technical understanding of data ecosystems and the technology that powers them* Demonstrated ability to analyze sophisticated privacy and security concepts and apply them to real-world situations* Comfort influencing business leaders in the promotion of consistent practices and policy* Experience working with Legal, IT, Product, and Security teamsPreferred Qualifications* Sophisticated Microsoft Office and GSuite skills (e.g. Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Docs, Sheets, or Slides.)* Familiarity with privacy program management tools (e.g. OneTrust or Nymity)* Knowledge of data related initiatives such as ingestion, report and dashboard creation, and web analytics
