Our Baylor Scott & White Healths (BSWH) Business Analyst manages activities to support systems, applications, and reporting that are essential to the core business processes for the Health Plan. The Business Analyst is responsible for coordinating and facilitating process improvement initiatives, new product implementations as well as system upgrades from administrative and other idea source areas. The BSWH Business Analyst will meet and act as liaison with department subject matter experts and decision makers to gather and develop operational requirements for the purpose of improving on general business processes and document business requirements; this will include written reports and visual representations for presentation and dissemination. The ideal Business Analyst candidate has excellent analytical and problem solving skills and the ability to make effective business decisions. Experience with HealthEdge - Healthrules and CareManager. Location/Facility Scott & White Health Plan (FirstCare), Austin Specialty/Department/Practice Information Technology Shift/Schedule Full-time, days Benefits Our competitive benefits package includes*: Immediate eligibility for health and welfare benefits 401(k) savings plan with dollar-for-dollar match up to 5% Tuition Reimbursement PTO accrual beginning Day 1 *Note: Benefits may vary based upon position type and/or level. Bachelors or Equivalent Experience Minimum 2 years Experience Required Experience with HealthEdge - Healthrules and CareManager required As a health care system committed to improving the health of those we serve, we are asking our employees to model the same behaviors that we promote to our patients. As of January 1, 2012, Baylor Scott & White Health no longer hires individuals who use nicotine products. We are an equal opportunity employer committed to ensuring a diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
