Secure our Nation, Ignite your Future

Become an integral part of a diverse team while working at an Industry Leading Organization, where our employees come first. At ManTech International Corporation, youll help protect our national security while working on innovative projects that offer opportunities for advancement.

Currently, ManTech is seeking a motivated, career and customer-oriented Logistics Analyst (JR) to join our team in Austin, TX.

Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:
Using forklift and basic warehouse ground handling equipment for distribution of materials.
Managing the flow of shipments both inbound and outbound in the manner that is most cost effective.
Routing outbound delivered loads and inbound backhauls.
Utilizing logistics software, manages load utilization. Coordinates common carrier activities.
Coordinating the distribution point of material for incoming and outgoing materials.
Basic Qualifications:
B.S. degree in Engineering, Mathematics, or Business Administration. In lieu of degree, 8 years of additional relevant experience may be used.
Experience in shipping and receiving.
Experience in a data center environment is not required, but is a plus.
Security Clearance Requirements:

Must be a U.S Citizen
The ability to successfully pass a Department of Veteran's Affairs Background Investigation and obtaining and maintaining a Public Trust security clearance prior to starting for this position is required. .
ManTech International Corporation, as well as its subsidiaries proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital status, physical or mental disability, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with ManTech through its online applicant system, please contact ManTech's Corporate EEO Department at (703) 218-6000. ManTech is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. ManTech's utilization of any external recruitment or job placement agency is predicated upon its full compliance with our equal opportunity/affirmative action policies. ManTech does not accept resumes from unsolicited recruiting firms. We pay no fees for unsolicited services.

If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you have the right to request an accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access http://www.mantech.com/careers/Pages/careers.aspx as a result of your disability. To request an accommodation please click careers@mantech.com and provide your name and contact information.
