Job Description:
The client must track the testing of pregnant Candidate with hepatitis B and the outcomes for their infants, Client reports this information to providers of medical data and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The project automates manual business processes to benefit the Hepatitis B Program.
This project implements a customized instance of Salesforce in the cloud and requires integration with two existing Information Technology systems that are in the state data center.
Integrates data from the Salesforce application in the cloud into two existing Information Technology systems that are in the state data center.
Ensures accurate data quality inflow of information from one system to another.
Performs complex computer systems analysis work; work involves analyzing, procedures, and problems to automate processes; may train others.
works under general supervision, with latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment
Analyzes information systems for efficiency and effectiveness.
Details input and the output of record formats for systems and documents findings.
Determines operational, technical, and support requirements for the integration of data into target-systems, and documents requirements for maintenance of computer data systems.
Provides technical assistance and support for troubleshooting applications and hardware problems.
Assists in formulating logical descriptions of problems and devising optimum solutions.
Assists with defining integration goals and creates flow charts and diagrams describing logical and operational steps of integrations.
Will analyze, evaluate, and make recommendations concerning information technology and systems' processes and the development of new integration procedures, standards, tools, and techniques.
Will assist in information systems security administration.
Skills and Qualifications:

Required:
8 years of experience in serving as a System Analyst on information technology system implementation projects.
8 years of experience in Relying on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals, independently performs a variety of complicated tasks, a wide degree of creativity and latitude are expected.
6 years of experience in defining and designing third-party interfaces/integration.
4 years of experience in working in the field of public health as a Systems Analyst.
2 years of experience in working for a client department or in any prior state agency's Information Technology (IT) Applications area.
Preferred:
2 years of experience in working on Salesforce cloud implementations.
1 year of experience in understanding Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements.
1 year of experience with public health information systems and software applications.
