ABOUT AUSTIN REGIONAL CLINIC:

Austin Regional Clinic has been voted a top Central Texas employer by our employees for over 10 years! We are one of central Texas’ largest professional medical groups with 25+ locations and we are continuing to grow. We offer the following benefits to eligible team members: Medical, Dental, Vision, Flexible Spending Accounts, PTO, 401(k), EAP, Life Insurance, Long Term Disability, Tuition Reimbursement, Child Care Assistance, Health& Fitness, Sick Child Care Assistance, Development and more. For additional information visithttps://www.austinregionalclinic.com/careers/

PURPOSE: Design, code, test, and maintain Reports, BI Dashboards, and database code for operational staff to provide high quality patient care. Provide technical assistance to multiple departments and operational work groups. Carries out all duties while maintaining compliance and confidentiality and promoting the mission and philosophy of the organization.

ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:
Designs, codes, tests, and/or maintains Reports, BI Dashboards, and database code in a multi-vendor environment.
Actively advances knowledge of the system and its software, hardware, and operational components.
Stays aware of current technology, new versions, improvements and benefits.
Works with staff to create requirements for reports and/or BI Dashboards, implements requirements, work with staff on QA and Acceptance testing, deployment and support.
Investigates the underlying structure, design, and interrelationship of the software applications and business objectives.
Interacts with the users of the system as needed, in order to answer questions, identify problems, design projects, document, and train.
Documents technical aspects of projects and constructs user documentation when necessary.
Provides initial estimates and plans for own work assignments.
Adheres to best QA practices in regard to database and application changes and version upgrades.
Works independently on routine tasks. Seeks assistance in complex assignments.
Attends frequent database design review with other team members on complex assignments.
Takes initiative to handle crisis situations in an efficient manner. Reacts quickly to notify supervisor and other affected persons of potential problems/repercussions.
OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:
Keeps abreast of improvements in reporting and BI techniques and applies as needed.
Recommends use of alternative tools and techniques to constantly improve system design and efficiency.
MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: High school diploma or GED required. BS in computer or other related field helpful.

Experience: Five or more years of experience as a Data Analyst. Experience with Reporting and BI development tools. Technical experience in the Healthcare Industry helpful.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:
Work experience demonstrating initiative to improve program and system design and efficiency.
Experience in using PL/SQL and/or T-SQL.
Experience with Crystal Reports and/or Tableau.
Experience with Epic’s Clarity and Caboodle databases is desired.
Basic understanding of Accounting principles.
Certificate/License: N/A
