eBay is a global commerce leader that allows you to shape how the world buys, sells, and gives. Youll be part of a work culture thats been genuinely committed to diversity and inclusion since its founding more than 20 years ago. Here, you can just be yourself, do your best work, and have a meaningful impact on people across the globe. We are looking for people with drive, ideas, and a passion for helping small businesses succeed to help shape the future of eBaydoes this sound like you? If so, wed love to talk to you.

About the team:


At the core of everything we do, we ensure that eBays customers are front-and-center in all our strategic decisions and that we execute our plans with our customers as our most important priority. The team is comprised of Global Customer Service (GCX), Global Trust, and Global Security and Resiliency organizations, and our Workplace Resources (WPR) function responsible for eBays facilities around the world.

As a member of eBays Customer Service Technology (CSTech) team, the Business Systems Analyst (BSA)/ Product Manager will help define the strategy, priorities and road-map of support systems functionality for Global Customer Services and eBay Marketplaces related projects. You will work closely with GCX (Global Customer Experience) partners, eBay site product teams, CSTech teams, e.g., Product Development, Product Management, Quality Engineering, Knowledge Management, and Release Management), Training, and Consultants throughout the life-cycle of projects and large scale systems implementations. This role reports into the Sr. Manager, Payments & Marketplaces, CSTech.

You have proven expertise in:
Facilitation of requirement elicitation and solution design meetings to understand and collect product, business and technical needs.
Summarizing and communicating complex issues to a variety of audiences: technical, non-technical and executive personnel.
Flexibility and adaptability to fit the needs of the project, making progress despite ambiguity.
Understanding existing processes, but able define where new, different or abridged processes should be used.
Prioritizing and re-prioritizing projects, features, as events warrant.
Crafting multi-functional relationships.
Representing product needs and road-maps while managing relationships with potential vendors
Good background in business systems analysis and product management throughout the product development life cycle
Requirements:

+5 years of experience as a Business Systems Analyst, Product Manager or Product Owner.
Bachelors degree required
MBA Preferred
Proactive and willing to take initiative
Ability to work in a fast paced environment
E-commerce experience preferred
Ability to communicate verbally and in writing clearly and succinctly, complex design and technical issues, as well as business and product requirements.
Ability to understand and challenge technical proposals.
Ability to develop use cases and map out customer journeys.
Strong presentation and documentation skills.
Proven project management background with a focus on the product development life-cycle.
Experience with payment processing, authorization and settlement
Experience in one or more of the following areas is highly desirable: Retail, Payment Services, Account Management, Business Development, Work Force Management, Customer Service, Contact management (cases, routing, workflow).
We love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about our Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
