At eBay, you will be part of a purpose-driven community dedicated to creating an ambitious and versatile work environment. In eBay Payments, you will be an integral member of a growing organization that inspires passion, courage, and inventiveness - creating the future of global commerce and making an important, positive impact on millions of eBay sellers and shoppers around the world. If you are looking for a special place to take your Payments career to the next level, we want to talk with you.



eBay seeks a highly hardworking and driven individual to join the Risk Management Policy team. Position will be located in Austin or Salt Lake City and will report to the Holds and Recovery Senior Manager. The principal responsibility of the role is the monitoring and optimization of funds availability and seller recoup policies in line with the goals of Risk Management. You will ensure that the respective policy owners are informed while optimizing strategies across global markets.

The role requires a results-oriented Risk Policy professional with the capacity to connect decisions to broader risk strategy and regional needs. It requires analytically driven tactical execution with an entrepreneurial blend of management, technical, creative, business, and marketing skills.

Requirements include:

Keen customer focus - consider the customer on every experience/policy developed and focus energy and effort to build and solve for the customer

Deep knowledge of analytical tools and experience with data analysis to optimize strategies and validate hypotheses and 3 or more years' experience in collections

Motivation for process improvement to efficiently drive solutions.

You have an excellent understanding of financial outcomes from initiatives and strategies

You have the ability to navigate cross functional matrixed organizational structure to meet individual through enterprise goals

You have a consistent track record of setting realistic yet results-oriented goals and plan and adjust prioritization to achieve desired outcomes

You have evidence of issue resolution through decomposition into essential elements.

You routinely exercise independent judgment to overcome obstacles and issues.

Your background includes root cause identification and solutions.

Your previous experience shows a command of technologies and use of advanced concepts to tackle complex challenges in creative and effective ways.

Your work history illustrates policy improvement that has observed and relevant impact on the business.

You demonstrate excellent verbal, written, and presentation communication skills with senior leaders of the organization.

You collaborate well within and across organizations on ideation and innovation.

You are optimistic and can-do demeanor with a penchant to challenge the status quo to "get it done"

MS/MBA/MA degree or equivalent

A minimum of 3+ years of quantitative financial services experience with a MS degree in a quantitative discipline.

View our privacy policy

Benefits are an essential part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Whether youre single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Including maternal & paternal leave, paid sabbatical, and plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work.. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
