Posted: Jun 11, 2020
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:
200174621
Imagine what you could do here. At Apple, new insights have a way of becoming great products, services, and customer experiences very quickly. Bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.

Do you love thinking analytically? Are you passionate about using your financial knowledge to navigate sophisticated challenges? Just as our customers find value in Apple products, the Finance group finds value for both Apple and its shareholders. You will support Apple’s growth by applying the same level of innovation toward financial matters as we do toward our products and services. Finance is critical to upholding our global commitment to excellence, and it is directly responsible for shaping the company’s future. Join us, and you’ll have an important role in continuing Apple’s legacy of efficiency and success.

Join Apple’s Workforce Management Program providing innovative timekeeping, scheduling and attendance solutions to Apple employees and vendors worldwide. This position will focus on new implementations and enhancements to existing Workforce Management configuration based on local compliance standards and business processes. This role will require collaboration and communication with global multi-functional teams and business partners including our People Team, Compensation Services, Employees Relations, Legal, Retail, Sales, IS&T, vendors and many others.

This position is based on site in Austin, Texas.
Key Qualifications
5+ years experience working with Kronos Workforce Central, especially with a solid technical/application-level understanding of configuration of Kronos Timekeeping, Scheduling and Attendance modules
Ability to deal with ambiguity, work independently, have strong organizational skills and be a self-starter
Outstanding communication skills, both verbal and written and configuration documentation skills
Ability to lead and multi-task across multiple projects to deliver projects on time and accurately in a fast-paced and dynamic environment
Collaboration skills, solution oriented and use excellent judgment to overcome challenges
Strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment
Balance professional insight and given direction to produce a quality solution
Familiarity with related HRIS and Finance enterprise systems a plus
Description
The Kronos Configuration Analyst will:
Lead multiple Workforce Management implementations and/or enhancements through a full end to end project life cycle
Deliver Workforce Management time/attendance initiatives including requirement review workshops, gap analysis, configuration design, partner playback, integrated testing, production release and warranty support
Oversee the full deployment of our solutions across Workforce Management Program tracks (design and development, change management, communications, quality assurance, production support)
Understand and consider both upstream and downstream systems and integrations with Kronos when analyzing and designing recommendations
Serve as a lead expert resource for the Workforce Management team, multi-functional teams throughout Apple
Uphold and contribute to consistent standards for global configuration architecture and team collaboration
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Prior experience with Kronos configuration and implementation required
Business analysis skills and how to apply to achieve business solutions for the end user
Strong knowledge and experience of business processes between global HRIS and Payroll systems
ADDITIONAL COMPETENCIES
Experience with WIM, SQL and Kronos Analytics
Prior experience with ADP Global View or other payroll solutions
Prior Retail, call center, manufacturing or equivalent
Prior experience with CRM applications
Education & Experience
BA/BS or relevant experience in a related field.
