Job Description
Job DescriptionWatermark is seeking a Sales Operations Analyst. In this role, the team will look to you to help establish/streamline policies and procedures, support best practices in forecasting, reporting, and communications. As the Sales Operations Analyst, your responsibilities would include direct support of the Sales team, data analysis, reporting, planning, and process optimization. Ideal candidates will have Business Analysis and Salesforce experience, excellent communication skills, and the ability to work in a dynamic, fast-paced and fun environment.Responsibilities
Assist the Sales team in the structuring of complex deals while adhering to the company policies, processes, and systems
Track and analyze key metrics – pipeline growth, quota attainment, and win-loss data
Support completion and accuracy of order to commission quota retirement process
Perform detailed analysis of sales process and facilitate easier functional usage of internal SFDC environment
Design, build and maintain strategic dashboards used by sellers to track KPIs.
Implements and manages reports and dashboards in Salesforce.com ensuring sales reps and leaders have access to key data required to successfully manage the business.
Surface insights to inform go-to-market sales and product strategy through gathering/synthesizing relevant, often ambiguous data, conducting analysis, and developing final recommendations.
Partner closely with go-to-market teams (Product/Sales), People Ops, and Sales leadership to launch and drive strategic initiatives.
Minimum Qualifications:
Salesforce.com experience, experience with Lightning and CPQ is a plus
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
Experience with quantitative analysis and ambiguous data
Experience with data-analytics tools
Additional Considerations:
Experience with Quote to Cash Process in a SaaS environment
Distinctive problem solving and analytical capabilities, impeccable business judgment, ability to distill key takeaways from large data sets.
Ability to synthesize ambiguous data and technical information for an executive audience.
Ability to understand high-level sales strategies, translate them into system and process requirements, and ensure local execution and business impact.
Agile, self-starter who can work independently and collaboratively.
Excel skills
Effective written and oral communication skills.
About Watermark

Watermark’s mission is to put better data into the hands of administrators, faculty, and students everywhere to empower them to connect information and gain insights into learning that will drive meaningful improvements. Through its innovative educational intelligence system, Watermark supports over 1,600 institutions around the world in developing an intentional approach to learning so that they can leverage data for a more holistic view of learning, faculty and staff impact, and institutional quality.

For more information on Watermark, visit www.watermarkinsights.com.

Watermark is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate against an individual based on the individual's race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or any other protected characteristic or activity.
