Please apply for this position by sending your resume to Email apply AT chandratech DOT com SUBJECT Applying for Sr. Healthcare Business Analyst Austin, TX Hourly Rate 67 W2 77 CTC1099 Job Description The purpose of the Pharmacy Branch-Inventory Tracking Electronic Asset Management System (ITEAMS) Replacement project is to replace the existing ITEAMS with an automated solution that is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) compliant and able to integrate with outside systems to trace and track the distribution of Department of State Health Services (DSHS) pharmaceuticals The Business Analyst is someone who analyzes an organization or business and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology Duties Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Study product samples and discuss with Design Development Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Design and develop supporting documentation for products (e.g., user manuals) Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Understand and translate complex information for users of varying backgrounds, experiences Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Periodically review all documentation for timeliness, accuracy, and usefulness make correctionsupdates as needed Performing requirements analysis. Develop documentation for a variety of media (print, PowerPoint, video, etc.) Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. Manage updates and revisions to technical literature. Research, develop and document technical design specifications and test scripts. Performing user acceptance testing. Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users. Able to write in explanatory and procedural styles for multiple audiences Required Skills Expertise in Written and oral communications (7 years) Experience communicating with customers to obtain business requirements, documenting those requirements, and tracking and documenting the specifications associated with those requirements (7 years) Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals (7 years) Experience in the field of public health as a senior Business Analyst (5 years) Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within public health organization or a related HIV private sector medical institution (5 years) Experience analyzing raw data using Excel, etc. (4 years) Experience following test scripts to participate in User Acceptance Testing (4 years) Preferred Skills Experience reporting to executive management (5 years) Understands Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements (1 year) Experience managing projects using commercial applications serving as health registries (1 year) Sr. Healthcare Business Analyst -- EIR, Excel, Business Requirements Documentation, UAT, Data Analysis, Public Health Systems Higher Competitive Rates will be considered for consultants with advanced skill set Corp to Corp Resumes are welcome Consultants may need a criminal background check Contact Number (608) 836 9920
