As the worlds number 1 job site, our mission is to help people get jobs. We need talented, passionate people working together to make this happen. We are looking to grow our teams with people who share our energy and enthusiasm for creating the best experience for job seekers.

We are a rapidly growing and focused product team building the most popular job site on the planet. Every month, over 250 million people count on Indeed to help them find jobs, make it easy to apply, research companies, and connect qualified candidates to their job openings. With product teams in Austin, Tokyo, Seattle, San Francisco, Singapore and Hyderabad, we are improving people's lives all around the world, one job at a time.
The base salary range below represents the low and high end of the Indeed salary range for this position. Actual salaries will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to location, experience, and performance. The range listed is just one component of Indeed's total compensation package for employees. Other rewards include quarterly bonuses, Long Term Incentive Plan units, an open Paid Time Off policy, and many region-specific benefits.

Austin Base Salary Range: 56,000 - 72,000 USD per year

We are looking for someone who has experience with web or tech products, loves to crunch numbers and has comprehensive knowledge of the Benelux market. You will act as the subject matter expert for all products as they relate to the Netherlands and Belgium. This is a great opportunity to take ownership, develop skills across marketing, Product, QA and all-around business skills for the Dutch and Belgian Indeed sites.

Come and share our commitment to help people get jobs!

Responsibilities:
Learn all areas of our product to become a market expert for product-related needs to provide expert guidance on our product portfolio for the Netherlands and Belgium
Research Indeed product performance within your markets to help identify areas of improvement and provide evidence-based proposals to implement them
Localize the website and support English to Dutch (ideally also Flemish) translations
Research, identify and address additional localization needs for the Benelux product
Together with your team, help develop a long-term strategy for the success of Indeed in your market
Use market expertise to provide feedback and support to teams in other functions in the execution of their initiatives.
Support search engine marketing (SEM) and search engine optimization (SEO) campaigns
Support the Legal Team in resolving and mitigating legal matters in the Benelux market as needed
Leverage proprietary software and systems to analyze data and monitor site performance
Collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders to define new and enhanced products for the Dutch and Belgian market

You want to see the impact of your work making a difference every day. Your friends describe you as persistent, thorough and detail-oriented. You drive forward your projects independently while leveraging the strengths of your teammates to get things done through collaboration.

You are someone with high standards and a strong work ethic who is not afraid to push us to be better by example, and who will take pride in Indeed like we do.

Requirements:
Bachelor's degree in Business field including Finance, MIS, Economics or a closely related business analytics field
Expert fluency in Dutch is a requirement (Flemish skills are a plus)
In-depth familiarity with and knowledge of Dutch or Belgian culture from extensive experience working and/or living in the Netherlands or Belgium
Excited about web and mobile technology
Expert written and verbal communication skills in Dutch and English (Flemish skills are a plus)
Strong quantitative and analytical skills to recognize patterns and issues specific to the Benelux market
Passion for digging into a problem and providing simple solutions
Proven multi-tasker who can work independently and across functional teams
Detail-oriented and extremely organized
Preferred:
Masters degree in an aforementioned field
2+ years of work experience
Project management experience
A/B testing experience
Experience with the following softwares: G Suite, SQL, Tableau
Web analytics and SEM/SEO experience is a plus

Indeed provides a variety of benefits that help us focus on our mission of helping people get jobs.

View our bounty of perks: http://indeedhi.re/IndeedBenefits

View Indeed's Applicant Privacy Terms: https://www.indeed.com/legal/applicant-privacy
