Overview


OBXtek Inc. is an established, award-winning business providing information technology and professional management services to the federal government. Our corporate growth has coincided with our investment in our employees as well as in outreach to our civilian and military community.

Responsibilities


OBXtek is recruiting for a Project Analyst, Intermediate for the Army Forces Command Data & Decision Sciences Division (AFC DDSD) in Austin, TX. In this AFC, uses the Modernization Application & Data Environment (MADE) in a managed service provider style model to enable subordinate elements throughout AFC to access commercial cloud services. AFC DDSD has primary responsibility for the provisioning and operating the shared common services, maintaining approved desired state configurations for Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) deployments, operating and maintaining a central data warehouse capability, and maintaining the Risk Management Framework (RMF) documentation for the commons services and environmental level accreditation in a manner that maximizes inheritance.

The Project Analyst, Intermediate will possess demonstrated knowledge and experience applying analytic methodologies and principles to address client needs related to application migration to cloud, cloud-native application design and implementation, and/or cloud environment design, set-up, and support.

Tasks will include:
Apply analytic techniques in the evaluation of project objectives and contribute to the implementation of project objectives.
Perform technical and business analyst functions including information gathering, data modeling, project testing, implementing automation, and creation of performance measurements to support project objectives.
May provide technical guidance to a project team.
Capable of running an independent team with oversight from senior leadership.
Works with minimal supervision and technical guidance.
Potential CONUS Travel of 25%

Qualifications


Active Secret Clearance

Requires a Bachelor’s degree in mathematics, computer science, engineering, business, or related field
Experience in re-engineering underlying business processes in support of application refactor efforts.
Minimum of 6 years of related project analyst work experience.
Experienced in re-engineering underlying business processes in support of application refactor efforts.
Company Information


Headquartered in McLean, Virginia and founded in 2009, OBXtek is a fast-growing leader in the government contracting field. Our mission is Our People…Our Reputation. Our people are trained professionals who enhance our customers’ knowledge and innovation using technology, collaboration, and education.

We offer a robust suite of benefits including comprehensive medical, dental and vision plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, matching 401K, paid time off, tuition reimbursement plans and much more.

As a prime contractor for 93% of our current work, OBXtek pairs lessons learned across disciplines with industry standard quality practices such as CMMI-Dev Level III, ITIL, 6Sigma, PMI, and ISO. Our rapid growth has been recognized by INC500, the Washington Business Journal, and Washington Technology magazine.

OBXtek is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation or any other classification protected by federal, state or local law.
