Essential Duties & Responsibilities - Workforce Planning Analyst:
Create and provide revolving analytics data of call/web chat arrival patterns, agent efficiency analysis, statistical analysis of the agents and call center performance.
Analyze reports and query database from CCMA, agent attendance line and WFM Software.
Determine Agent Adherence to schedule and agent performance.
Create and design Ad hoc reports for data pertaining to agent scheduling, call volumes, Web Chat Volume, Agent -Performance Metrics.
Maintain production data and review of staff plan hours for accuracy to optimize efficiency.
Analyze, determine and communicate work/training schedules for agents to operations management.
Identify and determine required staff based upon deviation reports and make recommendations for improvements
Recommend improvements in project performance based on analysis of Forecast to Actuals.
Determine, document and escalate concerns on agent performance to management.
Skillset management of agents as instructed by operations leadership or management including availability of agent to queue vs skillset and call back assignments.
Provision Agents within business systems to create optimal project performance and make recommendations for improvement.
Manage real time monitoring of agents and notification of unscheduled agents’ activities and adherence.
Act on operation items escalated by Junior WFM Analysts.
Develop, create and conduct systems training for supervisors on the workforce tools, processes and best practices. Continuously create Work Instructions and Job Aids for Call Center and Eligibility & Enrollment supervisors to provide instruction on what action is required for specific codes.
May have additional training or education in area of specialization.
Develops solutions to a variety of problems of moderate scope & complexity.
General application of concepts & principles.
Contributes to the completion of organizational projects & goals.
Frequent use and general knowledge of industry practices, techniques, and standards.
Applies knowledge and skills to complete a wide range of tasks.
Communicates on complex or sensitive issues or drafts such responses for supervisor or manager.
Educational Requirements:
Bachelor’s degree with 3+ years of experience
Additional Information:
Location: Remote
Position Type: Contract
Equipment: Candidates will use their own equipment
Interview: Skype
Job Type: Contract

Pay: $19.00 - $19.25 per hour

Education:
Bachelor's (Preferred)
Work Location:
Fully Remote
Schedule:
8 hour shift
Work Remotely:
Yes
