Kelly Services is currently seeking AML Compliance Specialists for a top client in Austin, TX!

Description of Position: The Compliance Department operates in a fast-paced, rigorously examined and dynamic environment. The Anti-Money Laundering (AML) Compliance Analyst performs various investigation assignments related to regulatory initiatives pursuant to the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), USA PATRIOT Act, Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), Money Laundering, Suspicious Transactions and High Risk Activities. This position is critical to protecting the Company from legal and regulatory risks, as well as reputational and franchise risks. This is a non-supervisory position that primarily works in an office environment in a secured building.

Duties and Responsibilities: Primary responsibilities of the position include performing transaction alert review and case investigations using various sources, systems and reports for suspicious activity related to money laundering, terrorist financing, identity theft and other criminal activities using managed programs and agents. Identifying unusual customer transaction patterns indicative of suspicious activity; investigating inappropriate and/or fraudulent activity; conducting enhanced due diligence on high risk customers; escalating issues as warranted to management; maintaining thorough documentation of compliance with all BSA/AML/OFAC requirements; and continuously working to understand and mitigate risk and losses.

Other duties include the following:
Interview customers, relationship managers and business partners during alert review and case investigations;
Collect appropriate documentation to evaluate and recommend the submission of suspicious activity reports (SARs) and/or bank referrals;
Prepare well-written Suspicious Activity Reports (SARs) on suspect transactions;
Prepare and file Currency Transaction Reports (CTRs);
Run queries and analyze transaction data against customer profiles;
Performing enhanced due diligence on load exception requests and high risk customers;
Interact with AML systems to document alert review and case investigations;
Work closely with AML and Fraud team to make recommendations, identify trends and evaluate card activity risks.
This is a contract position paying $22/hr

Why Kelly®?


Youre looking to keep your career moving onward and upward, and were here to help you do just that. At Kelly® Finance & Accounting, our experts will connect you with great opportunities at premier companies where you can learn, grow, and thrive. Jobs that fit your skills and experience, and most importantly, fit right on your path of where you want to go in in your career. It all adds up.

About Kelly®


At Kelly, were always thinking about whats next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, were a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.

Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.

]]
