Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started.WhatsApp is a fast, simple and reliable way to talk to anyone in the world. More than 1 billion people in over 180 countries use WhatsApp to stay in touch with friends and family, anytime and anywhere. WhatsApp is not only free but also available on multiple mobile devices and in low connectivity areas making it accessible and reliable wherever you are. It's a simple and secure way to share your favorite moments, send important information or catch up with a friend. WhatsApp helps people connect and share no matter where they are in the world.
Customer Operations focus is to support and educate the people and businesses who use our products through direct interactions and scalable solutions. We develop processes to help improve the health of our products and work with cross-functional partners to ensure a high-quality experience on our platforms. You will gain experience and make an impact in a fast-growing organization. Those who join our teams are very passionate about solving peoples issues, and are strong advocates for WhatsApp users globally. If you like helping people, Customer Operations is for you.

Responsibilities:

Work across Community Operations (CO), Facebook, and WhatsApp cross-functional teams and external partners to design and implement robust payment experiences for consumers and merchants in current and future payment models
External research to ensure optimized and benchmarked support experience for Payments
Work with cross functional partners from RFP/Contract stage through to Launch and Support to ensure that support needs are planned and implemented from launch
Process analysis and design for upcoming P2P & P2M launches working closely with product, engineering, and internal CO stakeholders
Plan and manage delivery of process requirements for payment launches across cross functional teams (design, engineering, legal, risk, others)
Subject matter expert for incoming questions from internal Facebook teams on payment integrations and partner functionality
Continuous product and process improvement - ideation with CO, Engineering, Partnerships and other cross functional partners
Own Implementation and rollout of enhancements beyond major launches. Ensure necessary tracking and change control across impacted teams
Coordinate data and tooling requirements for launches and work with Payment Tools PM to prioritize and roadmap these
Mininum Qualifications:

4+ years of experience working with cross-functional partners across regions
3+ years of experience in process improvement, customer support operations, data analysis, or similar
Project management and communication skills, with a high attention to detail, showing a demonstrated track record of delivering business value
Analytical, problem-solving, negotiation and organizational skills demonstrating experience focusing under pressure (in an ever-changing environment)
Interpersonal skills, including relationship building and a roll-up your sleeves collaborative mentality operating in a diverse, global, cross-functional team
Understanding of operational challenges with experience solving problems in various areas of the business, even without having proven domain expertise
Demonstrated experience quickly adapting, learning new skill sets, and experienced understanding of operational challenges
Independent and thorough in examination and analysis, along with being consensus-building and results-oriented
Communication skills, open, collaborative and proven team player
Organizational and time management skills
Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Finance or Business, or equivalent practical experience
MBA
Experience in the payments industry
Facebook is proud to be an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action employer. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, color, national origin, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, transgender status, sexual stereotypes, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. We also consider qualified applicants with criminal histories, consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.

Facebook is committed to providing reasonable accommodations for candidates with disabilities in our recruiting process. If you need any assistance or accommodations due to a disability, please let us know at accommodations-ext@fb.com.
