Job Description
CACI is looking to hire multiple Business/System Analysts to join our growing VA FMBT Team. We are looking for individuals who have Momentum or similar COTS system experience (e.g., SAP or Oracle). Applicants must have 11-15 years of experience with implementing COTS software. Must be able to work at our Austin location. Due to contract requirements, US citizenship is required.

What Youll Get to Do:
Assist with implementing a COTS financial system and provide system and federal financial expertise relative to the organizations requirements.
Provide functional support and assist with documenting configuration requirements, functional design specifications, business processes, and user stories based on requirements.
Document configuration requirements, functional design specifications, business processes, and user stories based on requirements.
Under the guidance of more senior subject matter experts, develop expertise in the COTS tool, Federal financial management business processes, and ERP implementation best practices.
Collaborate with other analysts and client to understand the organizations business processes and legacy systems environment.
Work independently with minimal guidance from more senior subject matter experts.
Review requirements by business process area and develop test scenarios.
Execute tests based on Test Plan. Records results. Analyze results to assign Pass/Fail status, and create detailed and well-written Test Reports.
Elicit and document business intelligence requirements and conceptual designs for new reports, metrics, and dashboards.

Youll Bring These Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree with a concentration in Computer Science, MIS or related field, or Accounting/Finance is desired but not required.
Additional experience may be substituted in lieu of education.
Must have the ability to obtain and maintain a Public Trust Clearance.
US citizenship is required.

These Qualifications Would be Nice to Have:
Good analytical skills. Strong written and oral communication skills.
Ability to work both independently and with a team to solve problems.
Self-starter. Quick to learn and put new skills to use.
Ability to efficiently and effectively handle multiple and shifting priorities while meeting deadlines. Flexibility to put in hours needed to meet tight deadlines.
Experience with federal financial management and systems.
Experience with federal accounting principles preferred.
Experience with Momentum Financials a plus.

This position description is not an active opening, but is representative of positions within CACI that are consistently available. Individuals who apply may also be considered for other positions at CACI.

What We Can Offer You:
Weve been named a Best Place to Work by the Washington Post.
Our employees value the flexibility at CACI that allows them to balance quality work and their personal lives.
We offer competitive benefits and learning and development opportunities.
We are mission-oriented and ever vigilant in aligning our solutions with the nations highest priorities.
For over 55 years, the principles of CACIs unique, character-based culture have been the driving force behind our success.

Job Location

US-Austin-TX-AUSTIN

CACI employs a diverse range of talent to create an environment that fuels innovation and fosters continuous improvement and success. At CACI, you will have the opportunity to make an immediate impact by providing information solutions and services in support of national security missions and government transformation for Intelligence, Defense, and Federal Civilian customers. CACI is proud to provide dynamic careers for employees worldwide. CACI is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.
