Share this job

Location

Austin
Department

Business Development & Sales
Type

contract

Apply now

Role description


Unity is seeking aSales Operations Analyst t o join our growing global operations team. This role would support our internal sales teams and their clients with reporting, metrics and data governance. This role will require coordination across multiple teams; following established protocols, multitasking, problem-solving, systems ‘know how’, attention to detail and excellent communication and analytical skills.

Responsibilities
Processing varied requests, within an agreed timeframe
Ensuring data accuracy in the Sales CRM (Salesforce) in the Lead to Cash process
Creation of new dashboards and reports for lead analysis
Run ongoing reporting on lead acquisition, nurture and distribution in the context of account-based marketing (account-level engagement)
Coordinate & communicate with Sales Reps, Sales Ops, & Marketing for data analysis and visibility
Review & modify data sets in Microsoft Excel, and taking ownership of tasks, ideas, and projects to increase business productivity
Document & communicate customer & sales data challenges on a regular basis
Assist in the definition of As-Is processes, identify pain points & implement improvements & automation ideas to maximize sales admin productivity globally
Requirements
Experience in sales, marketing, operations or similar role (SaaS company experience huge plus)
Self-Motivated w/ outstanding communication skills (written & verbal) and strong desire to get things done and demonstrate urgency with small & big initiatives
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel
Experience with Salesforce.com a huge plus
Worked with Lead distribution tools, Marketing CRM systems, Dashboards creation for data analysis huge plus
Strong project management and communication skills
Great attitude towards working in a collaborative environment with a large number of teams
Willing to travel outside the country (passport required)
Who We Are

Unity is the creator of the world’s leading real-time 3D development platform, giving users the most powerful and accessible tools to create, operate, and monetize experiences for the real-time world. Unity empowers anyone, regardless of skill level and industry, to create 3D visual content using world-class technology, operate using resources that maximize ease-of-use, and monetize, so that they can find success with their creations.

The company’s 1,000 person development team keeps Unity at the forefront of development by working alongside partners such as Google, Oculus, Autodesk, Microsoft and many more, to ensure optimized support for the latest releases and platforms. Made with Unity experiences reach nearly 3 billion devices worldwide and have been installed more than 34 billion times in the last 12 months. For more information, please visit www.unity.com.

Unity is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering an inclusive, innovative environment with the best employees. Therefore, we provide employment opportunities without regard to age, race, color, ancestry, national origin, religion, disability, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, or any other protected status in accordance with applicable law. If there are preparations we can make to help ensure you have a comfortable and positive interview experience, please let us know.

Headhunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumes/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers. Unity does not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Unity will not pay fees to any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Unity.

#LI-JD1 #MID
