About Realtor.com

Come to work for Realtor.com! A leader in online real estate and backed by industry experience and the News Corp Brand, Realtor.com's vision is to be the leading destination to discover and create your perfect home, and today more than 50 million unique users visit our company's website and mobile apps monthly. What you can do at Realtor.com has the potential to touch people in a real and meaningful way. You'll engage with some of the best and the brightest coworkers and leaders, learn and contribute, and have a great time. We work hard, play hard, and recognize achievement rewarding passion for innovation, creativity and quality. If you enjoy working in a fast paced, dynamic, cutting-edge work environment and desire to make a meaningful contribution to the business, then make the move!

Realtor.com currently has an opportunity for a Sr Analyst, Marketing Analytics, reporting to the Director, Marketing Analytics and located in our Austin, Texas office. Realtor.com is in the middle of aggressive strategic growth driven off of newly integrated entities, and continuing our record growth and consumer engagement will be critical to Realtor.com's strategic success in the industry. Specifically this role's core responsibilities will focus on partnering directly with the major functions of the business to drive consumer funnel acquisition, engagement and conversion across all channels.

The role is central to Realtor.com's long-term strategic growth and will liaise with leadership across the major functions of the business on a real-time basis including, most notably, Marketing, Product and Sales.

An ideal candidate will have a background driving value through analysis of a combination of finance, marketing and product functions as well as expertise/understanding grounded in long-term strategic business planning and the ability to influence executives and representatives from across the organization to achieve results in a disciplined manner. Specifically the candidate should have familiarity or expertise in digital consumer/search businesses, consumer funnel optimization and digital marketing strategy/optimization across all acquisition channels.

General responsibilities include decision support, business line strategy, business modeling, forecasting, analysis and performance management of Realtor.com's consumer internet marketing-focused efforts.

Responsibilities:
Work on a team of high performing marketing analysts to accomplish the goals and objectives of the Consumer internet businesses in support of marketing.
Develop KPIs to drive high-level oversight of business initiatives and company health, and develop regular insights from the data to enable performance management and facilitate accountability.
Partner with Marketing organization to optimize spend across all channels (performance marketing, email, display, etc.) to achieve growth and engagement targets and support next-generation of marketing portfolio management.
Lead high-level analysis for the organization in the area of traffic/audience forecasting, growth and engagement, and strategies and tactics to drive marketing optimization.
Key areas of focus will include: business line strategy, consumer audience acquisition and engagement, marketing channel(s) ROI and optimization, marketing mix considerations, customer ROI and value analyses, competitive research and analysis, etc.
Experience and Skills:
Educational Requirements: BA with undergraduate focus in Finance, Statistics, Economics or related field.
3+ years' experience with increasing levels of responsibility; online media / consumer audience-oriented experience a plus.
Experience with Marketing, and Product analytics a plus.
Experience with martech/DMP solutions a plus.
Experience with Omniture, Google Analytics a plus.
Experience with SQL helpful, but not required.
Experience directing or interfacing with technical resources with broad, multi-disciplinary expertise.
Experience applying advanced analytic disciplines to financial, consumer audience/user experience, and product-level modeling, forecasting, marketing, etc.
Extensive business partnering and influencing skills.
Superior presentation and communication skills; mature presence coupled with emotional intelligence.
Proficiency with Excel (pivot tables, lookups, data linking) and PowerPoint (advanced graphing, visualization and presentation).
Ability to organize, direct and develop personnel, and to plan and coordinate timely accomplishments of responsibilities.
Ability to interact and communicate with individuals in various functional areas and various levels of management.
Ability to remain flexible and thrive in a fast-paced and often hectic environment.
about realtor.com

At realtor.com®, we believe that everyone deserves a home of their own. We're a community of nearly 2,000 employees that work hard to ensure that from the moment someone starts dreaming about a new home, to the moment they walk in the door and beyond, we're there to lend a helping hand. Every month, 70 million people trust us with their journey home by visiting our site and mobile apps, and we'd love to have you join our team to help.

We've got great offices across Canada and the US and lots of sweet jobs to choose from, so we're hoping you'll join us on our journey to make home buying and selling easier, and more rewarding for everyone.

Let's make a difference, together. For Real.
