About usMagnitude's transformative approach to unified application data management delivers vast operational efficiencies to business application data access, management, analytics and reporting for the modern enterprise. Magnitude's portfolio of products includes simplified application data access to any data source; data management solutions for the SAP and commerce verticals; simplified master data harmonization and governance; and packaged application analytics and reporting solutions for SAP and Oracle. The company helps thousands of business users simplify management of their data and deliver on the substantial productivity gains these applications originally promised. For more information, please visit www.magnitude.comProduct OverviewEvery Angle (A Magnitude Company) is an international software company that empowers users of SAP-run organizations to know more and act faster in their operational responsibilities contributing to continuous business improvement. The software's embedded, cross-functional intelligence transforms Supply Chain, Human Resource, GRC and Finance data into actionable business insight.Our unique software solution for SAP users is now being used in more than 40 countries worldwide. Every Angle software enables companies to analyze large quantities of data with speed and flexibility. We create valuable insights and control information to improve business processes and performance while driving down IT and logistics costs.Job OverviewOwnership, quality and mastery are important core competencies for us. You will work as part of a dynamic team that offers generous room for initiative and personal input. We offer interesting training courses and informative knowledge sessions and organize inspiring events where coworkers can share knowledge and get to know each other better.Responsibilities and DutiesAs Technical Consultant you will implement and integrate projects for our US and international clients remotely from our Irving, TX office. This role will be responsible for working effectively with customers to ensure optimal performance of our software. You will implement software, give advice, train users and answer technical questions.The ideal person for this role will have the aptitude to learn new things and like to keep up with the latest developments and proactively provide suggestions to improve our software, integration techniques and configuration management. This is a challenging job with plenty of room for initiative and personal contributions.Qualifications* Bachelor's or Master's degree in Technology preferred* 2-5 years of experience working as a Technical Consultant* In-depth knowledge of IT architecture and networks (MCSA and SAPTec/ADM100 are a plus)* Customer-oriented and excellent communication skills* Proficient analytical and problem-solving skills* Experience with SQL (MySQL, MS SQL) is a plus* Experience with SAP is a plus* Fluency in English (both verbal and written form)
