Posting Details

Posting Number S02306P
Position Title Systems Analyst I-Austin, TX {S02306P}
Department Enterprise Development
Location Austin
Job Family Information Technology
Position Status Full-time
Work Hours Standard
Work Schedule

Monday-Friday; 8:00am-5:00pm.
Open to External and Internal
FLSA
Salary Salary is commensurate based on qualifications and relevant experience
Duration Funding expected to continue
Pay Basis Monthly
Benefits Eligible Yes
Job Summary

Performs highly responsible technical work in planning and organizing application programming and program analysis. Responsible for complex technical analysis in a variety of systems-to-programming areas.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities

Complete technical work involving analysis, requirements development, design, coding, testing, implementation/modification of enterprise level reports. Ability to work with relational databases; utilize Crystal Reports to create reports as needed; utilize SQL and query information from various data sources for both ad hoc queries and finished products. Web page maintenance and development. Ability and experience mentoring and training developers and customers related to the use of enterprise reporting processes, tools, and solutions is preferred. Attends training as appropriate to supplement familiarity with programmatic requirements as directed by Project Manager. Performs other duties as assigned.
Required Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in appropriate field. Four (4) years of experience in computer programming and/or system analysis or the equivalent experience. Three (3) years of which must have been in computer programming.
Preferred Qualifications

Two (2) years of experience in advanced SQL preferably dealing with advanced Crystal Reports. Preferred one (1) year of experience with web page development and/or maintenance.
Working Conditions
Special Conditions for Eligibility

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: Solid working knowledge of TCEQ’s databases and Central Registry databases; and Microsoft Word, Excel and PCs. Follows all applicable institutional standard operating procedures. Adheres to institutional paper and electronic file management requirements. Skills in communication both written and verbal, organization, attention to details, and work independently with little to no supervision. Ability to move to and from work space with little other movement required using wheelchair or other aid; learn, remember, and integrate complex concepts, difficult procedures, and complicated processes; communicate verbally with clients/customers/coworkers to gather information &/or explain policies/procedures; ability to routinely record information such as draft correspondence/reports/documents/policy/procedures, prepare case narratives, or prepare other lengthy documents using handwritten or mechanical means; perform visual activities requiring prolonged attention to detail such as editing and proofreading; hear and understand speech to interact with coworkers/clients/customers on a routine or frequent basis with use of amplifying equipment/hearing aids if needed.
EEO Statement

UTA is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action institution. Minorities, women, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. Additionally, the University prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of sexual orientation. A criminal background check will be conducted on finalists. The UTA is a tobacco free campus.

Number of Vacancies 1
Desired Start Date
Open Date
Review Start Date
Open Until Filled
