At eBay, we are a purpose-driven community dedicated to creating an ambitious and versatile work environment. eBay Payments is a growing organization that inspires passion, courage, and inventiveness - creating the future of global commerce and making an important, positive impact on millions of eBay sellers and shoppers around the world.

As part of the Global Compliance Operations team, you will work with a team of analysts responsible for supporting the ongoing maintenance, production and development of eBay's AML Enhanced Due Diligence (EDD) program.

Are you looking for a special place to take your Payments career to the next level? Then, come speak with us!

What You'll Do
Execute EDD procedures and review results for potentially unusual activity
Balance extensive research, including with the performance of due diligence and transaction analysis
Prepare work products that meet quality standards
Maintain awareness of regulatory requirements in Sanctions, TM, Know Your Customer (KYC), and other compliance due diligence functions
Assist in issue resolution and communication with guidance from leadership
Resolve AML referrals from external partners as directed
Resolve eBay member account issues including reviewing appropriate documentation and ensuring compliance requirements are met
Collaborate with other team members and leadership to provide input on policies and procedures as well as other initiatives
When appropriate, refer problem accounts or customers according to the policy and procedures in a timely manner to the team lead
What You Have
A bachelor's degree or equivalent with a focus in business, accounting, finance or a related degree
1-2 years of AML experience or 2+ years of fraud/compliance experience
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Strong organizational skills
Excellent computer skills, including a knowledge of Microsoft Office applications
Strong research and analytical skills, with an attention to detail
An ability to work independently with direction from leadership and against deadlines
The flexibility for an agile environment
An attitude to be a phenomenal teammate
We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation.

Here at eBay, we love creating opportunities for others by connecting people from widely diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and geographies. So, being diverse and inclusive isnt just something we strive for, it is who we are, and part of what we do each and every single day. We want to ensure that as an employee, you feel eBay is a place where, no matter who you are, you feel safe, included, and that you have the opportunity to bring your unique self to work. To learn about eBays Diversity & Inclusion click here: https://www.ebayinc.com/our-company/diversity-inclusion/.

This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to our use of cookies

View our privacy policy

View our accessibility info

eBay Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, and disability, or other legally protected status. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible.

For more information see:

EEO is the Law Poster

EEO is the Law Poster Supplement
