Description

Job Description:


Leidos currently has an opening for a Logistics Analyst, Junior in Austin, TX supporting the warehouse at the VA-AITC. This is an exciting opportunity to use your experience helping the IOSS mission. The mission of the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), Office of Information & Technology (OI&T), Information Technology (IT) Operations and Services (ITOPS), Infrastructure Operations (IO) is to support One VA with world-class service to Veterans and their families by delivering results-oriented, secure, highly available, and cost-effective information technology services provided/housed in a data center. This position will support the functions of the warehouse.

Primary Responsibilities:

This position will be supporting the VA-AITC warehouse. A successful candidate must be able to:
Gather, compile, and analyze procurement, maintenance, distribution, and replacement material and personnel logistics data.
Identify trends, errors, and missing data.
Create alternate depictions of data to identify and highlight issues.
Summarize findings in reports.
Able to use a forklift and other basic warehouse ground handling equipment for distribution of materials.
Manage the flow of shipments both inbound and outbound in the manner that is most cost effective.
Route outbound delivered loads and inbound backhauls.
Utilize logistics software, manages load utilization. Coordinates common carrier activities.
Coordinating the distribution point of material for incoming and outgoing material.
Experience in shipping and receiving.
Basic Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering, Mathematics or Business Administration
8 years of relevant experience may be substituted for education
Experience using Microsoft Office products - Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Skype, etc.
Must be a US citizen with the ability to obtain Public Trust clearance
External Referral Bonus:
Eligible
Potential for Telework:
No
Clearance Level Required:
Public Trust
Travel:
No
Scheduled Weekly Hours:
40
Shift:
Day
Requisition Category:
Professional
Job Family:
Logistics

Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world's toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets. The company's 33,000 employees support vital missions for government and commercial customers. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, Leidos reported annual revenues of approximately $10.19 billion for the fiscal year ended December 28, 2018. For more information, visit www.Leidos.com.

Pay and benefits are fundamental to any career decision. That's why we craft compensation packages that reflect the importance of the work we do for our customers. Employment benefits include competitive compensation, Health and Wellness programs, Income Protection, Paid Leave and Retirement. More details are available here.

Leidos will never ask you to provide payment-related information at any part of the employment application process. And Leidos will communicate with you only through emails that are sent from a Leidos.com email address. If you receive an email purporting to be from Leidos that asks for payment-related information or any other personal information, please report the email to spam.leidos@leidos.com.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, race, ethnicity, age, national origin, citizenship, religion, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, pregnancy, family structure, marital status, ancestry, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran or military status, or any other basis prohibited by law. Leidos will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories consistent with relevant laws.

]]>
