Job Description
Sign In|New User
Position Information
TxDOT's Transportation Program Division is looking for a Business Analyst II located at 150 E Riverside Dr. Austin, TX. We have a diverse workforce of over 12,000 employees statewide. If you want to build an exciting career, let’s talk!

At TxDOT we value employee work-life-balance. In keeping with our commitment to this value our employees benefit from a wide array of programs and activities that include telework, flexed and compressed work schedules, wellness leave incentive, employee wellness program, career development programs, tuition assistance, and various other benefits. For a complete list of our total compensation package please visit our website at Total Compensation.

Beginning in the summer of 2022, the new work location for this position will be 6100 E. Stassney Lane, Austin, TX

Open Until Filled

Standards/Conditions of Employment Link

http://ftp.dot.state.tx.us/pub/txdot-info/hrd/careers/standard-conditions.pdf
Job Details
Salary Plan/Grade:
B-22
Job ID
117582
Job Title
Transportation Program Division Business Analyst II
Description:
Location
$51614.00 – $84479.00 yearly
AUSTIN
Full/Part Time
Full-Time
Regular/Temporary
Regular

Overnight Travel
Up to 25% of the time
Military Occup Specialty Code
State Classification Code: 0222
State Classification Title: Business Analyst II
Occupational Category: Information Technology
TxDOT is committed to hiring veterans. To assist in determining whether your military experience may pertain to the minimum requirements for this position, Military Occupational Specialty (MOS) codes from each branch of the U.S. Armed Forces have been assigned to each state classification code/title where applicable. The MOS codes are grouped by occupational category.
To view the MOS codes please click on link below and click on the appropriate occupational category.
http://www.hr.sao.state.tx.us/Compensation/JobDescriptions.aspx
General Description
Oversees, and executes analysis and delivery of highly complex reporting in support of agency and executive information needs as a staff member of the Transportation Programs Operations and Reporting Section in the Transportation Programs Division. Work is related to the development, enhancement and/or maintenance of agency-wide transportation programs and contract management. Work includes data extraction, analysis, and transformation of raw enterprise data, utilizing a variety of business intelligence and/or reporting applications, including the enterprise reporting application (Tableau), Jasper Reporting, and other applications requiring knowledge of SQL. Facilitates, defines and develops reporting for information needs of Department executives in transportation and non-transportation related areas. Facilitates the capture and implementation of metric definition data requirements, and reporting requirements. Work requires contact with business specialist, information providers, project managers, and departmental executives. Employees at this level are virtually self-supervising and assume direct accountability for the work product.
Duties
The essential duties for this job include:
Facilitates capture and implementation of functional business requirements; assists in transformation of functional requirements into system requirements.
Develops and implements various reports to address areas of concern and improve business operations
Plans and coordinates activities associated with the delivery of highly complex business and information analyses, information repositories and Information Technology based applications.
Analyzes business value of proposed reporting enhancements and makes recommendations to project/program manager.
Analyzes multi-dimensional models, relational databases and Information Technology based applications for timely, accurate, relevant and intuitive information delivery.
Analyzes needs and constructs and implements decision-support based applications.
Provides training to other staff member on the use of systems, generating reports, and using the reports to improve their efficiency
Prepares and makes presentations.
Performs other job responsibilities as assigned.
Competencies
The required competencies for this job include:
Methods, Processes, applications used in the analysis and creation of reports and dashboards.
Determining business needs.
Analyzing issues, facts and available information to develop logical solutions; researching inconsistencies of facts or data; drawing correct inferences from information and making recommendations that support business decisions.
Analyzing complex business, technical and managerial problems and developing, recommending and implementing effective solutions.
Analyzing and organizing business and technical data.
Maintaining effective working relationships with others.
Meeting deadlines.
Must have experience developing reports in applications such as Jasper Reporting, Crystal Reports, or SSRS
Ability to communicate effectively.
Shows integrity and ethical behavior; respects confidentiality, business ethics and organizational standards.
Education
This job requires the following:
Bachelor's Degree in Business Admin, Computer Science, Manage Info Systems, or related discipline
Work Experience
This job requires the following:
5 years in business-related analysis, technical system analysis and design, project management and/or support
Experience can be satisfied by fulltime or prorated part-time equivalent
No supervisory experience required.
Related graduate level education may be substituted for experience on a year per year basis.
Licenses and Certifications
The following Licenses and/or Certifications are required for this job:
None
Other Conditions:
None
Conditions of Employment
Conditions for this Position: Standards of Employment
Remarks
You must complete the online State of Texas application to include work experience, education and all information necessary. Your online application and additional information on your resume, if provided, will be reviewed to determine if you meet minimum requirements for the position.
Applicant Information
The Texas Department of Transportation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, and does not tolerate discrimination in the workplace.

Applicant Information

Job postings expire at 11:59 PM Central Standard Time.
