When applying internally, please keep your search tailored and consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles at any given time to ensure you are not duplicating efforts.
Our Strategic Projects consulting team delivers large-scale, custom salesforce implementations. Engagements span across any Salesforce cloud product or solution, and often include multi-cloud implementations. Our Functional Architects and Functional Consultant leads consultative engagements with complex enterprise customers, partnering with key stakeholders to create compelling visions while advising and executing on strategies. They serve as hands-on advisors, using strong interpersonal skills, functional and/or technical knowledge, Salesforce product knowledge, industry experience, consulting experience, and knowledge of their client’s business to deliver customer ROI.

We have a variety of functional roles open on our Strategic Projects team, send us your resume, and we will follow up with you, if your profile aligns with the required skills / experience.

Functional Architects are strong presenters and facilitators, obtaining customer acceptance by understanding and delivering the right strategic vision, and driving the difficult conversations necessary to execute business strategies. They are proficient at analyzing issues and obstacles to determine root cause(s), weighing options, choosing appropriate courses of action, and measuring and revising strategy based on results. They interact with both technical and functional customers to understand requirements, analyze information, and design comprehensive solutions. They also show a strong understanding of typical business challenges faced by customers and common objectives. Senior Functional Architects contribute to thought leadership and best practices - both internally in their Community and externally in the marketplace - and advocate for change across the organization.

Functional Consultants are strong presenters and facilitators, obtaining customer acceptance by understanding and delivering the right strategic vision, and driving the difficult conversations necessary to execute business strategies. They interact with both technical and functional customers to understand requirements, analyze information, and design comprehensive solutions. They also show a strong understanding of typical business challenges faced by customers and common objectives. Senior Functional Consultants contribute to thought leadership and best practices, both internally in their Community and externally in the marketplace.

CPQ and Billing Skills:
Relevant Salesforce CPQ platform experience (experience with Salesforce Billing)
Understanding of business processes in a billing department
Ability to configure Rules and Objectives in support of CPQ and Billing business processes
Experience implementing CPQ and Billing packages

Responsibilities for the group:
Help clients consistently meet/exceed goals and metrics
Deliver high client satisfaction (CSAT)
Positively impact client renewals (when applicable)
Generate positive feedback from internal teams and leadership
Show continued professional growth and development

Preferred Qualifications and Skills for the group:
BA/BS degree or foreign equivalent
Relevant experience, including enterprise consulting experience, in a mid-to large-sized organization in positions of increasing responsibility
Proven results leading customer and/or partner success stories
Relevant Salesforce certifications and consulting experience are strongly recommended
Ability to travel (average 50%, may be higher or lower based on the client engagement)

Leadership Qualities:
PASSION: Passionate about Customer Success
BEGINNERS MIND: Always learning; approaches each interaction with open mind; great listener and hands-on
LEADERSHIP: Self-aware and strategic thinker; proficient at building strong relationships
COMMUNICATOR: Speaks and writes with clarity, brevity, and purpose; explains area of expertise clearly and confidently to others; influences and engages C-Level with authority and confidence
STORYTELLER: Confidently and effectively facilitates and presents; ably defends point-of-view; keeps audiences engaged and delivers a clear and memorable message
TEAM PLAYER: Proficient at collaboration and working with members of a team
URGENCY: Ability to move fast and drive business value and results
OHANA: Embodies Aloha culture; a team player that everyone enjoys working with and has a generous heart
TRUST: Trusts the company’s core values; shows integrity, transparency, and reliability
ADAPTABLE: Excels in high levels of uncertainty and change
COMMUNITY CHAMPION: Leads internal initiatives; actively contributes to the Community’s knowledge and resource base
Accommodations - If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form.
Posting Statement
At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits.
Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesfore.com or Salesforce.org.
Salesforce welcomes all.
Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring, Salesforce will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.
