Description:

Management Analyst

SECRET Clearance

Austin, TX

Are you looking for an exciting challenge and the opportunity to support a great customer? Semper Valens Solutions is seeking a Management Analyst in Austin, TX.

The Management Analyst will support strategic planning activities for Army Futures Command (AFC) HQ.

AFC leads the Army's future force modernization enterprise. AFC assesses and integrates the future operational environment, emerging threats and technologies to develop and deliver concepts, requirements and future force designs, and supports the delivery of modernization solutions. AFC postures the Army for the future by setting strategic direction, integrating the Army's future force modernization enterprise, aligning resources to priorities and maintaining accountability for modernization solutions.

Responsibilities:
Conducts studies, provides subject matter expertise and captures lessons learned to analyze internal and external business processes and organizational constructs
Optimizes integration and synchronization of Army Modernization activities
Coordinates interaction among a diverse cadre of stakeholders (e.g., Army Combatant Commands, HQ functions, Joint Staffs, Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and Congress)
Qualifications:
Bachelor’s Degree
SECRET Clearance
Minimum 7 years of experience performing similar duties for a DoD or USG contract
Experience may substitute for education
Experience with defense planning, strategy and modernization initiatives
About Semper Valens Solutions:

Semper Valens Solutions, Inc. is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) providing Cost Effective Software and Systems Engineering, Field Support, Training and Full Life cycle Support Management to the DoD community.

At Semper Valens, our vision is to remain a creative, cutting edge and cost effective solutions provider where our shared intellect, industry experience, and technology excellence, make a positive difference in our customer's success. Our solutions help bridge the gap between IT and business prioritizations to optimize budgets, risks and operational processes. We search for outstanding technical professionals, hiring at all levels of the experience spectrum; intermediate, journeyman and senior. Consider us for your career plan.

Semper Valens Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Semper Valens Solutions, proactively fulfills its role as an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, marital/parental status, pregnancy/childbirth or related conditions, physical or mental disability, genetic information, status as a Disabled Veteran, Recently Separated Veteran, Active Duty Wartime or Campaign Badge Veteran, Armed Forces Services Medal, or any other characteristic protected by law.

If you require a reasonable accommodation to apply for a position with Semper Valens Solutions through its online applicant system, please contact Semper Valens Solutions Human Resources Department at (520) 263-4577.

Semper Valens Solutions is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, disabled and protected veterans are urged to apply. Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws.
