Job Description
Job Summary:

As a Financial Analysis Analyst, supports the accurate calculation and timely payment of commissions to our various agents/agencies/sales partners and the completion of accounting work related to this including, but not limited to journals, transactions, validations, audits, and data entry. Answers agent’s questions via the telephone, emails, faxes, etc
Answer incoming phone calls from agents regarding compensation or debit balances
Respond to agent inquiries via email or phone
Audit compensation payments (commissions, overrides) including performing SOX audits
Research and resolve compensation issues
Prepare necessary journal entries to resolve discrepancies
Read and interpret commission schedules
Read and interpret commission statements
Guide agents through agent web portal
Run MS Access or SQL queries
Work well independently and under pressure and meet deadlines
Ensure accurate payment of commissions according to department standards
Create manual commission adjustments, payments, direct deposits, etc.
Create General Ledger vouchers, stop payments of checks and reissues of checks
Initiate debit balance collection process and establishment of Promissory Notes
Develop detailed knowledge of commission schedules and products
Submit commission schedules to Information Technology to implement new or revised commission schedules to support our sales partners and programs
Performs other duties as assigned
Interact with other departments regarding the payment of agent commissions
Provide data reports to management as requested
Assist with special projects as directed
Requirements:
Proficient in use of PC based systems used: Microsoft Office, Excel
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Effective problem solver
Excellent customer service skills
Attention to detail and analytical thinking

Company Description
About Medix?
Medix is dedicated to positively impacting lives every day. Since 2001, we have made it our mission to be the leading provider of workforce solutions for clients and candidates across the Healthcare, Scientific, and Information Technology industries.

Our dedicated recruiters are here to help you find and secure just the right opportunity. We take the time to learn about you, your skills, your interests, and your career goals, and then match you with the jobs and companies that best suit your needs. Whether you are looking for contract, contract-to-hire, or direct hire positions, we can help you to find the meaningful and gratifying work that you've been looking for. Let Medix be your partner as you move your career forward. Contact us today!

Benefits
Once you have been a contract employee of Medix for 30 days, you become eligible for our Benefits Program. Should you elect to enroll, there are three levels of medical coverage to choose from, supplemental dental plans and term plans as well as the option to enroll your spouse and/or children. You can select the best combination that best suits your needs.
As a contract employee with Medix, you can choose to enroll in our Benefits Program during your eligibility period and enjoy:
●Minimum Essential Coverage (MEC) plan
●Two different fixed indemnity plan add-ons
●Major Medical Plans, including 1 HSA Plan
●Dental
●Vision
●Short-term disability
●Life and AD&D

This year’s recipient of the Business Ledger's "Entrepreneurial Excellence Growth Award"
Join our network of talented professionals!
Apply today!
