Hi there! Thanks for considering our  Marketing Analyst job.

Salary Range is $55,000-65,000, based on experience

If you enjoy rewarding challenges, researching and coming up with effective solutions, this is the right job for you! In this position, you will spend your days surveying information, creating client reports, summarizing data with graphs and tables and overseeing the training of new team members. You will additionally have the opportunity to create and conduct the analysis of research projects, design surveys and lead client meetings with the marketing team to present survey design ideas and results. If you are detail oriented with outstanding analytical abilities, this role will be great for you.

What you’ll be doing:
Evaluate target demographics, appropriate distribution channels and marketing outlets
Analyze marketing metrics to gauge pricing and identify cause and effect relationships
Collaborate with marketing department to develop appropriate sales strategies
Use information from statisticians, marketing experts and other industry professionals to conduct your own secondary research
Become familiar with research methodologies, including common computer programs, and increase understanding of advanced statistical analysis
Meet with clients regularly to determine marketing and promotional goals
Prepare reports on findings while illustrating data with graphs and translating complex results into written texts that are clear and understandable
Devise and assess procedures and methods for data collection, including opinion polls, surveys and questionnaires
Gather information on competitors, and conduct analysis on their sales, prices and methods of distribution and marketing to thoroughly learn about the competition
Conduct research regarding marketing strategies and consumer opinions while collaborating with statisticians, marketing professionals and pollsters
Track and forecast trends in sales and marketing, and analyze in detail the data collected to provide management with thorough reports and results
Collect and analyze data regarding customer preferences, demographics, buying habits and needs to better identify market potential and factors influencing product demand
Attend staff meeting in order to provide management with proposals and information on the distribution, promotion, pricing and design of products and services
Measure the effectiveness of advertising, marketing and communications strategies
What you need to be successful in this role:
2+ years of market analysis experience is required
Superior knowledge of statistical software, including SPSS and similar programs, MS Office and general databases
Familiarity with search engines, business research tools and web analytics, including CRM programs
Excellent communication and presentation abilities
BS in Marketing, statistics or related field is a plus
Demonstrable experience with data collection methods, portfolio of surveys, polls and focus group results a plus
Independent self-starter; highly organized with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment
Ability to effectively utilize various software applications including Microsoft Office Suite.
Attention to detail and follow through are essential.
Strong professional and interpersonal skills.
Excellent oral and written communication skills.
An ambassador of our Core Value: Teamwork, Honesty, Commitment, Passion and Positive Attitude
What's in it for YOU:

You will be eligible for company-paid base, employee only medical, dental and vision (medical is by Meritain by Aetna and Dental/Vision are MetLife). On top of that, we also have 4% 401(k) matching, Company Profit Sharing, 15 days of Paid Time Off, Maternity and Paternity Leave, company-covered Short-Term and Long-Term disability, company-covered Life Insurance, Volunteer Days, Tuition Reimbursement, HOPE Scholarship Program, Employee Assistance Program, Employee Sales & Discounts, Paid Company Holidays, and Career Development Courses and budgets to further your learning and certifications!

A little about SHOP LC!

Our Purpose

Delivering Joy

Our Vision

Be the Value Leader in Electronic Retailing of Jewelry and Lifestyle Products

Our Mission

Through the delivery of high-quality affordable products, made possible by our low-cost direct sourcing, we change the world and touch people's lives one piece at a time!

Our Core Values

Teamwork

Honesty

Commitment

Passion

Positive Attitude

We are a global organization that operates as VGL Group, also known as Vaibhav Global with 4,000 employees globally. VGL trades publicly in the National and Bombay Stock exchanges in India. Under our main VGL brand, we have 3 amazing and growing companies: Shop LC Global Inc., The Jewellery Channel LTD. (TJC) and STS Jewels LTD. Shop LC is our US division, TJC is our sister channel for the European market, headquartered in London, and lastly, STS is our manufacturing and wholesale division. We source and manufacture our own jewelry so there is no middleman involved, that is how we keep our pricing super affordable for our clients!

Shop LC is our US home shopping channel that is headquartered here in beautiful, sunny Austin, Texas, airing nationwide over 72 million homes via various satellite and cable networks, including live broadcast via www.shoplc.com as well as our Shop LC mobile app. Here in Austin, we have over 475 employees. We offer fine jewelry and lifestyle products, many which are produced in our own factories in Asia and India. We have locations globally in China, Hong Kong, Thailand (Bangkok) and Indonesia (Bali)!

VGL is a highly socially and environmentally conscious group. For every item sold through our two retail outlets, we donate a meal to a school with a child in need. We donate 35,000 meals to every school through the No Kid Hungry foundation here in the US and the Akshay Patra foundation in India.

Our VGL factory is a "Gold Level Leeds" certified green building, which is a first for a jewelry manufacturing business in India. Most of the energy used to manufacture our jewelry is generated by solar source. We follow many green initiatives here in the US as well as our UK retail units.

SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS TO APPLICANTS

Please note that if we decide to extend an offer to you, Shop LC will conduct a thorough background check and your offer will be contingent upon passing this background check.

Job Type: Full-time

Pay: $55,000.00 - $65,000.00 per year

Benefits:
401(k)
401(k) Matching
Dental Insurance
Disability Insurance
Employee Assistance Program
Employee Discount
Health Insurance
Life Insurance
Paid Time Off
Parental Leave
Professional Development Assistance
Referral Program
Retirement Plan
Tuition Reimbursement
Vision Insurance
Schedule:
8 Hour Shift
Day Shift
Monday to Friday
Experience:
Marketing Analysis: 2 years (Required)
Marketing: 2 years (Required)
Location:
Austin, TX 78728 (Required)
Application Question:
Our salary range for this is set at $55,000-65,000 based on experience. It will not go over $65,000. Please confirm you understand.
Additional Compensation:
Store Discounts
Company's website:
www.shoplc.com
Benefit Conditions:
Waiting period may apply
Only full-time employees eligible
Work Remotely:
Temporarily due to COVID-19
