Job Description
Lots of people talk about "making the world a better place," but we actually do it every day. Inside the world's biggest companies, behind the scenes, there are people making positive change. We surround them with ideas and supportive peers so they can achieve their mission -- and this directly improves the lives of their millions of customers, their employees, and their communities.

We are hiring a Research Director / Analyst for the Data Board (board.org/data) -- the community for the people leading data strategy and data science at large corporations. This means you'll need broad-ranging subject matter expertise on how this function is run at large enterprises. We're also looking for experience that shows you can lead sophisticated group discussions around these topics.

You'll lead a group of senior-level executives as they struggle with the challenges of being a change agent in a critical role. You'll facilitate high-level, peer-to-peer conversations through email discussions, conference calls, and in-person meetings (when it's safe).

This is a fascinating, career-making role. You will become the star analyst and face of the industry. You'll build connections with the most important leaders at the biggest companies.

You'll love this job if:
You want to work on cutting-edge business issues with senior leaders at great companies. Extra credit for experience with VP+ leaders at Fortune 1000 companies.
You are looking for an intellectually challenging, ideas-based job where you get to learn and dig deep into fascinating real-world problems, strategies, and current events.
You have leadership/facilitator skills and can bring people together for complex discussions. You can stand in front of a group and guide them in high-level interactions toward bigger ideas and outcomes.
You have great people skills and love building relationships with the people you serve.
This position requires the proven ability to develop deep subject matter expertise on complex business topics. We hire people with a track record of intellectual curiosity, academic excellence, and genuine interest in the future of business. You'll be responsible for developing and maintaining our knowledge base related to the field, including:
The market, industry landscape, major providers, emerging trends, and top issues.
Management practices, business applications, opportunities, and challenges facing executives leading this function in large enterprises.
Subject matter expertise in data strategy and data management issues such as data governance, data warehouse, data integration, data-driven culture, and machine learning.
If you aren't already an expert in this topic, show us how you've mastered similarly complex topics in the past.

What we do

Be at the heart of the future of business innovation -- and work with the change agents who are making business better.

We build communities for the people doing meaningful work at really big companies.

Do you want to make an impact? You'll see the work you do driving large-scale meaningful change in real time (sometimes within hours), because we've found a point of leverage where a little positive change is multiplied by the incredible size and resources of our member companies.

Currently we run SocialMedia.org and Board.org, and we're launching new communities for equality, innovation, and other game-changing topics. Study those sites to see how our communities work. Our entire business model is explained in detail at gaspedal.com.

People do well in this job with a variety of issues-driven backgrounds, including journalism, politics, trade associations, membership organizations, public relations, and consultants/analysts/strategists. We're looking for any experience that combines big ideas with leadership, facilitation, and communication skills -- roles where you can bring people together around an idea or a story.

The perks are good, too:
Family-friendly and lifestyle-friendly hours, with minimal travel.
Generous benefits including 10 weeks PTO/sick, health insurance, and 401K.
Private office, great workspace, nice tech and software, and more.
You're on a team doing meaningful work that matters.
Check out all the benefits and our workspace at gaspedal.com/working-here.

How to get this job

Submit an application at gaspedal.com. We want to see a great cover letter, resume, and anything else that shows us how you write, think, and work. Show us what you've done and how you can do it for us. If you're not sure this is the right position for you, please do apply anyway. We'll help you figure out where you fit on the team.

Location

This is a full-time, in-the-office position at our Austin ranch (check it out at gaspedal.com/life/ranch). We are temporarily remote, but will be definitely returning to the office. No relocation assistance is provided, and we don't hire telecommuters.

Powered by JazzHR

CSZdPXx4dv
