Job Purpose Texas Health and Human Services Commission requires the services of 1 Business Analyst 2, hereafter referred to as Candidate(s), who meets the general qualifications of Business Analyst 2 Category, Emerging Technology Type and the specifications outlined in this document for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission All work products resulting from the project shall be considered "works made for hire" and are the property of the Texas Health and Human Services Commission may include pre-selection requirements that potential Vendors (and their Candidates) submit to and satisfy criminal background checks as authorized by the Texas law. Texas Health and Human Services Commission will pay no fees for interviews or discussions, which occur during the process of selecting a Candidate(s). The purpose of the Pharmacy Branch-Inventory Tracking Electronic Asset Management System (ITEAMS) Replacement project is to replace the existing ITEAMS with an automated solution that is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) compliant and able to integrate with outside systems to trace and track the distribution of Department of State Health Services (DSHS) pharmaceuticals The Business Analyst is someone who analyzes an organization or business and documents its business or processes or systems, assessing the business model or its integration with technology Duties bull Evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, uncovering areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions. Study product samples and discuss with Design Development bull Leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies. Design and develop supporting documentation for products (e.g., user manuals) bull Staying up-to-date on the latest process and IT advancements to automate and modernize systems. Understand and translate complex information for users of varying backgrounds, experiences bull Conducting meetings and presentations to share ideas and findings. Periodically review all documentation for timeliness, accuracy, and usefulness make correctionsupdates as needed bull Performing requirements analysis. bull Develop documentation for a variety of media (print, PowerPoint, video, etc.) bull Effectively communicating your insights and plans to cross-functional team members and management bull Gathering critical information from meetings with various stakeholders and producing useful reports. bull Working closely with clients, technicians, and managerial staff. bull Manage updates and revisions to technical literature. bull Research, develop and document technical design specifications and test scripts. bull Performing user acceptance testing. bull Serving as a liaison between stakeholders and users. bull Able to write in explanatory and procedural styles for multiple audiences Minimum Requirements Experience Years Required Preffered 7 Required Expertise in Written and oral communications 7 Required Experience communicating with customers to obtain business requirements, documenting those requirements, and tracking and documenting the specifications associated with those requirements 7 Required Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. 5 Required Experience in the field of public health as a senior Business Analyst 5 Required Familiar with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within public health organization or a related HIV private sector medical institution 4 Required Experience analyzing raw data using Excel, etc etc. 4 Required Experience following test scripts to participate in User Acceptance Testing. 5 Preferred Experience reporting to executive management. 1 Preferred Understands Electronic Information Resources (EIR) accessibility and security requirements. 1 Preferred Experience managing projects using commercial applications serving as health registries About ArnAmy, Inc. ArnAmy, Inc. is a leading information technology consulting and software development firm in Tallahassee, FL since 2007. ArnAmy has been providing high quality services to clients and prides itself in implementing dependable solutions to ensure client's success. ArnAmy is formed and led by principle centered leaders with Subject Matter Expertise in all disciplines of Information Technology. Company has proven record of 100 successful projects and 100 satisfied clients, and employees. We are inviting bright professionals with integrity and have passion to achieve higher goals to join our award winning (Tallahasseersquos BEST in IT Solutions ndash 2017 2016) excellent and talented team. ArnAmy, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability or marital status. Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply. PLEASE SEND RESUMES AND SALARY EXPECTATIONS TO careersArnAmy.com mailtocareersArnAmy.com THANK YOU!
