Grant Thornton is seeking a Senior Associate to join its Advanced Digital Technology and Analytics service line and take an active role in engagement execution, project management and key business development activities. Grant Thornton Public Sector helps executives and managers at all levels of government maximize their performance and efficiency in the face of ever tightening budgets and increased demand for services. We give clients creative, cost-effective solutions that enhance their acquisition, financial, human capital, information technology, data analytics, and performance management. For more information, visit grantthornton.com/publicsector. At Grant Thornton, our professional staff applies traditional, cutting-edge approaches and methods to a variety of analyses. As part of our team, the Senior Associate will utilize various methodologies and models to execute client projects. ESSENTIAL DUTIES: Development of Workload Staffing Models (WSM) for the Client.  The resource will develop and refine models and data visualizations. These models will be based on aggregated data structures and staffing analysis methodologies for those aspects of HSI workload.  Further refine existing WSM visualizations by enhancing granularity of analysis and mapping of sub-location workload.  Translate business problems into technical solutions by using a range of analytics techniques including, but not limited to econometric, statistical, and machine learning. Build external workload drivers as such partner agency workload and economic factors into existing models, by integrating data in a variety of formats and sizes from multiple other agencies to develop cross-agency interdependencies.  Must be able to apply feature engineering and feature selection techniques to further refine data forecasting and improve robustness of optimization methodologies within the model.  Guide HSI in improving data completeness nationwide.  Collaborate with end users and agency leadership to identify needs, goals and metric measurements to create easy-to-understand interfaces allowing for quickly identification of key themes within the data. Meet or exceed targeted billing hours (utilization). Assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and/or other thought leadership materials.
