POSITION SUMMARY: The Contract Clinical Data Scientist in CDS is responsible for supporting the clinical development operations (CDO) group, by identifying, creating and maintaining technological solutions and data visualizations to enhance clinical trial operations and management. The Contract Clinical Data Scientist will participate in the review and/or implementation of new technology, and will continuously seek out ways to improve operational excellence through transparency and accessibility to study related information and clinical data and process / performance metrics. The Contract Clinical Data Scientist will also support ongoing clinical systems and tools, which may include clinical management tracking/metrics tools and reports, operational data review, clinical data review, data visualization, and other initiatives as needed. Duties and Responsibilities: Creates standard and/or custom data review mechanisms, algorithms, dashboards, datasets, reports and visualizations using data analytics and visualizations tools to support data insights, oversight and data review. Ensures improved access to clinical and/or operational data, dashboards, and designs solutions to aggregate and visualize study/program data; partners with appropriate SMEs and CDS to interpret data, trends, and present operational data analysis as requested by internal end-users or study/leadership teams. Manages the data flow of electronic data from external data sources/vendors in partnership with Technical Solutions Lead and/or functional SMEs. Liaises with vendors as needed to facilitate electronic data transfers and/or data specification requirements for the purpose of clinical data review. Coordinates with IT to design fit for purpose systems to improve clinical trial management and data review processes, and / or to procure technology to resolve challenges and improve efficiency. Provides adhoc support to other department members on Data Review and visualization techniques and data visualization tools. Proactively drives discussion with peers, project teams, and/or requestors to clarify and finalize data review and/or visualizations specifications; uses technical and data sciences skills to meet evolving project needs. Supports the development, delivery and maintenance of clinical data review standards, tools and systems, across various data sources (e.g., clinical data, safety and operational data). Possesses and maintains overall knowledge in the field of data sciences by learning industry leading tools, reading related literature, self-training, attending training classes, attending professional meetings, etc. Supports technology and process initiatives for CDO, with an understanding of technical requirements and clinical needs. Designs workflows to identify and troubleshoot bottlenecks that disrupt efficiency. Partners with CDO team members to assess technological solutions to business challenges and data sharing. Qualifications: Data Science, Math, Statistics or Information Management background; BS required, MS preferred Minimum 1 year of experience in clinical data sciences role and/or commensurate educational experience. Demonstrated technical expertise in databases, data platforms, ETL, data imports, and data/information reporting applications. Knowledge and use of data visualization or data review tools (JMP Clinical, D3.js, Spotfire, Tableau), as well as advanced level use of Microsoft Office and Sharepoint. Programming and analytical skills using SAS, R and Python a plus Ability to work independently to create various outputs as datasets, dashboards, reports, visualizations and to clearly communicate the information provided by these deliverables. Strong business and data analysis skills, professional attitude, focusing on process and quality improvements. Excellent written and oral presentation skills and ability to communicate effectively with CDO, IT and other departments as needed. Strong interpersonal, organizational, and multi-tasking skills Excellent attention to detail and problem solving skills Self-motivated and displays initiative Adaptable to changing priorities, excels in fast-paced environment Ability to work effectively work in a team setting Physical Demands and Work Environment: Travel domestic and international - up to 10% In-house position based in Waltham, MA About Aerotek: We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888-237-6835 or email accommodation@aerotek .com for other accommodation options. However, if you have questions about this position, please contact the Recruiter located at the bottom of the job posting. The Recruiter is the sole point of contact for questions about this position.
