Read what people are saying about working here. Comcast brings together the best in media and technology. We drive innovation to create the world's best entertainment and online experiences. As a Fortune 50 leader, we set the pace in a variety of innovative and fascinating businesses and create career opportunities across a wide range of locations and disciplines. We are at the forefront of change and move at an amazing pace, thanks to our remarkable people, who bring cutting-edge products and services to life for millions of customers every day. If you share in our passion for teamwork, our vision to revolutionize industries and our goal to lead the future in media and technology, we want you to fast-forward your career at Comcast.

Job Summary:

Comcast is looking for a Principle Data Analytics Engineer who will support RDK Product Management, Development, Engineering Support and Executive Leadership teams with collecting and analyzing data from various sources to solve key Business use cases. The ideal candidate is adept at analyzing large data sets to find opportunities for Product and Process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of various courses of action. They must have strong experience using a variety of Data mining and Data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must have a proven ability to drive business results with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve business outcomes.

Employees at all levels are expect to:

Understand our Operating Principles; make them the guidelines for how you do your job-Own the customer experience-think and act in ways that put our customers first, give them seamless digital options at every touchpoint, and make them promoters of our products and services

Know your stuff-be enthusiastic learners, users and advocates of our game-changing technology, products and services, especially our digital tools and experiences

Win as a team-make big things happen by working together and being open to new ideas

Be an active part of the Net Promoter System-a way of working that brings more employee and customer feedback into the company-by joining huddles, making call backs and helping us elevate opportunities to do better for our customers

Drive results and growth

Respect and promote inclusion and diversity

Do what's right for each other, our customers, investors and our communities

Core Responsibilities:

Work with Stakeholders throughout the Organization to identify opportunities for leveraging Company data to solve Business problems and drive Business solutions.

Mine and analyze data from multiple data sources to drive optimization and improvement of product trials, product development, product marketing techniques and business strategies.

Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy.

Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques.

Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.

Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.

Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Key skills :

Overall 8-10 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field. Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.

Experience coding in one or more statistical programming languages (R, Python etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Expert level coder with experience in one or more of the following programming languages: C/C++, Java, Scala etc.

Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Experience creating data architectures and querying them at large scale optimally. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Apache Hive, Apache Spark, MySQL, Redshift etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, Tableau, Grafana, Kibana etc.

Job Specification:

Master's Degree

Economics, Statistics, Mathematics, Decision Science, Operational Research, Computer Science, Engineering, or related field

Generally requires 7-11 years related experience.

Comcast is an EOE/Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA) is a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal....
