Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Description:

The Wholesale Credit Data team is part of the Global Banking organization. The primary focus of the Data Management team is to produce and communicate simplified, high-quality Global Banking data and information. This team is responsible for centralizing and enhancing wholesale credit data processes, including platforms, reporting, governance, data management and data remediation.

This Data Scientist role will support the Model Data Solutions and Analytics team and will be responsible for enabling analysis, modeling, and optimization by contributing to strategic design and production efforts. This includes how data is managed, with a focus on improvement of how data is sourced across multiple upstream lines of business and managed within the Wholesale Credit data infrastructure. The primary requirement is not related to traditional programming or systems analysis skills but to the ability to create sophisticated, value-added analytic systems that support revenue generation, risk management, operational efficiency, regulatory compliance, portfolio management, and research. The role also involves idea generation and application of advanced techniques towards complex data system and process challenges including robotics, document digitization, machine learning, statistical analysis, and E2E transformation.

Required Qualifications:

Data analysis experience with moderate SQL or Oracle skills

Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, Powerpoint, Visio, etc.) experience and strong understanding of data relationships

Knowledge of data management (data quality, metadata management, governance, etc) and BI/data management tools and applications

Experience with credit-related processes and systems including the distribution/use of credit data for analytics, modeling, and reporting

Highly motivated, proactive and a self-starter; strong sense of ownership & ability to create and execute plans without daily oversight

Critical thinker; ability to analyze problems and identify both tactical and strategic solutions to address

Able to identify and remediate risks in a timely manner

Able to navigate the enterprise / source information across multiple functions

Organized; able to effectively prioritize and balance multiple efforts in a fast-paced, regulatory driven environment

Good verbal and written communication skills

General knowledge of bank financial practices and policies

Desired Experience/Skills:

Degree in hard science or another heavy quantitative business or social discipline

Experience with Wholesale Credit products and functions; familiarity with Wholesale Credit policies and procedures

Familiarity with Wholesale Credit systems

Project management and/or process design experience

Shift:

1st shift (United States of America)

Hours Per Week:

40
 Bank of America Corporation is a bank holding company. Through its banking subsidiaries (the Banks) and various non-banking subsidiaries ...
