At Northrop Grumman, innovation isn't just an idea---it's a way of life. Our employees have incredible opportunities to work on revolutionary systems in air and space that impact lives around the world today, and for generations to come. Our work preserves freedom and democracy, and advances human discovery and our understanding of the universe. We look for people who have bold new ideas, courage and a pioneering spirit to join forces to invent the future. Northrop Grumman is seeking a Data Scientist to become part of the organization supporting the Army Analytics Group's Research Facilitation Laboratory located in Monterey, California. The team conducts a variety of research studies and supports data analytics efforts for clients across the Army, Office of the Secretary of Defense and greater DoD, conducting high-quality research with practical real-world implications. The team works primarily within a data environment that houses a wealth of administrative, personnel, survey, and medical data (i.e., big data) on extremely large populations. Projects generally focus on resilience, health, and readiness among military service members, and include population-based studies, machine learning projects, visual analytics platforms, measurement analysis, and pilot program evaluations. The Data Scientist will work with a team of researchers using large administrative data assets for studies examining health and readiness among U.S. military service members.The Data Scientist will support several projects. Primary tasks include cleaning, preparing, merging, and analyzing large, population datasets from multiple sources. Basic Qualifications: 2 years' relevant experience plus a Bachelor's Degree in Epidemiology, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, or other relevant field is required. Experience with basic statistical analyses (e.g., t-tests, ANOVA, factor analysis, linear and logistic regression), and proficiency with statistical programs such as R, SAS, MATLAB, or SPSS is required. Successful candidates will have demonstrated experience in data management (e.g., Oracle, Excel, SQL). US Citizenship is required The ability to work in Monterey is required (no telecommuting is available for this position) Preferred Qualifications: Master's Degree in Epidemiology, Statistics, Biostatistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, or other relevant field is strongly preferred. Ideal candidates will have demonstrated programming and/or scripting experience (e.g., Python, C#, Java, Perl). Experience with sophisticated analyses (e.g., longitudinal modeling, machine learning, non-parametric statistical modeling) and data visualization (e.g., Tableau, Qlik, R Shiny, Microstrategy) is preferred. Northrop Grumman is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer, making decisions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, national origin, age, veteran status, disability, or any other protected class. For our complete EEO/AA and Pay Transparency statement, please visit www.northropgrumman.com/EEO . U.S. Citizenship is required for most positions.
