Job Title: Senior Software Engineer - Data Science Duration: 6+ months Work Location: Santa Clara, CA We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our public cloud teams with insights gained from analyzing cloud data. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for cloud resiliency optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different methods. They must have strong experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms. They must have a proven ability to drive cloud resiliency with their data-based insights. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of functional teams. The right candidate will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with teams to improve business outcomes. Responsibilities for Senior Software Engineer - Data Science o Work with teams to identify opportunities for leveraging public cloud data to drive cloud resiliency. o Mine & analyze data from public cloud databases to drive optimization and improvement of the cloud. o Evaluate the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. o Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. o Use predictive modeling to increase cloud robustness and optimize public cloud resiliency. o Work with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. o Able to collaborate with peers, engineering leaders and principal engineers on technical designs and implementation of new machine learning applications Qualifications for Senior Software Engineer - Data Science o Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. o Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. o Experience working with and creating data architectures. o Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/dis-advantages. o Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. o Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. o A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. o We’re looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools: o Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java, GO is a plus. o Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees & text mining, etc. o Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SQL, etc. o Experience using web services such as Spark, etc. o Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. o Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. o Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders. o UNIX, Linux, Solaris and MS Windows. o Excellent collaboration and communication skills.  
