Read what people are saying about working here. 

DMI (Digital Management, LLC.) is looking for a Data Scientist (New Graduate) to support our Cincinnati, OH office.

Duties and Responsibilities:

This is an opportunity for a talented and motivated Data Science/Data Analytics graduate to work with an IT consulting organization that is a leader in creating, delivering and maintaining robust Artificial Intelligence related tools and applications.

To ensure recent graduates are sufficiently equipped for success, DMI provides structured consultant training that builds upon the foundation of your education through a mix of classroom instruction; self-study; project shadowing; and perhaps most valuable, one on one mentorship with a Senior Consultant. Upon completion of the training program employees will have the business acumen to begin a dynamic career based upon Artificial Intelligence related systems.

As an Associate Consultant you will participate in the software development lifecycle, including active contribution in the design, Coding and testing of systems . Successful Associates will learn and leverage suitable & modern technologies, design patterns and best practices to build quality, high-performing and scalable applications. If you are looking for a rewarding position that will make a significant contribution to yours, DMI’s, and our client’s success and growth, look no further.

Qualifications

Education and Years of Experience:

Recently earned a Bachelor’s degree in Data Science or Data Analytics

Co-op, internship, or professional experience with software development

An eagerness for a career in consulting

Required Skills/Certifications:

Understanding of, or interest in:

The principles of design, coding, implementation, optimization and systems integration

Unit testing, continuous integration, automated continuous quality control of developed components

Getting into and debugging the logs of various components of developed systems

Work collaboratively with other team members and other groups; business analysts, quality assurance, project management, client business partners

Participate in testing life cycles of Artificial Intelligence systems

Strong communication, visualization and presentation skills

Strong skills in R and Python

Good foundation in AI and ML

Ability to start between March-May 2019

Min. Citizenship Status Required: None

Physical Requirement(s): No Physical requirement needed for this position.

Location:

Office in Mason, OH

Some travel to customer site

Working at DMI

DMI is a diverse, prosperous and rewarding place to work. Being part of the DMI family means we care about your wellbeing. As such, we offer a variety of perks and benefits that help met various interests and needs, while still having the opportunity to work directly with

a number of our award winning, Fortune 1000 clients. The following categories make up

your DMI wellbeing:

Community – Blood drives, volunteering opportunities, Holiday parties, summer picnics, Tech Chef, Octoberfest just to name a few ways DMI comes together as a community.

Convenience/Concierge - Virtual visits through health insurance, pet insurance, commuter benefits, discount tickets for movies, travel and many other items to provide convenience.

Development – Annual Performance management, continuing education and tuition assistance, internal job opportunities along with career enrichment and advancement to help each employee with their professional and personal development.

Financial – Generous 401k match for both pre-tax and post-tax (ROTH) contributions along with financial wellness education, EAP, Life Insurance and Disability help provide financial stability for each DMI employee.

Recognition – Great achievements do not go unnoticed by DMI through Annual Awards ceremony, service anniversaries, peer-to-peer acknowledgement through Give-A-Wow, employee referral bonuses.

Wellness – Healthcare benefits, Wellness programs, Flu Shots, Biometric screenings, on-site lactation rooms provide employees with several wellness options.

Employees are valued for their talents and contributions. We all take pride in helping our customers achieve their goals, which in turn contributes to the overall success of the company.

The company does and will take affirmative action to employ and advance in employment individuals with disabilities and protected veterans, and to treat qualified individuals without discrimination on the basis of their physical or mental disability or veteran status. DMI is an Equal Opportunity Employer Minority/Female/Veterans/Disability.

***************** No Agencies Please *****************

Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. US citizenship may be required for some positions.

 DMI (Digital Management, LLC.), the world’s first end-to-end mobility company, combines all the skills and services necessary to deliver ...
