Data Scientist Description Our client is seeking candidates with experience in data science to help build their library of quantitative research. The Data Scientist will develop and lead the quantitative research program. The Data Scientist will primarily be responsible for developing the tools and techniques that we use to study various factors that can be incorporated into our products and investment strategies. Job Summary:  Conducts deep research into investment factors and shares findings through in-depth research reports.  Presents research findings to a wide variety of investment professonals both inside and outside the company.  Helps investment managers apply factor research to their investment strategies.       Duties & Responsibilities:  Develop larger and more complex research themes.  Studies deeper topics in quantitative finance and presents findings to a broad audience. Author in-depth research reports related to larger research themes.   Apply advanced data science techiques to various research and investment challenges. Develop the research techniques and tools used to study factors. Run backtests to prove the efficacy of factors and models. Present findings to a wide audience of investment professionals. Inteprets and applies various measures of quantative finance. Teaches techniques for validating and identifying key findings to team members.   Competencies: Highest levels of integrity and professional maturity Highly organized, analytical problem solver Collaborative teammate Clarity and precision in written and oral communication Qualifications & Requirements:  Master’s degree or higher in data science, math, engineering, or a related field is requied. 8+ years of prior experience in a quantative investment field is required. Expert skill in data science techniques such as machine learning, data mining, statistics, and classification.  Expert skill with Python libraries such as Pandas, NumPy,  MlPy,  MatPlotLib, and SciPy.  Advanced skill with SQL used to gather, analyze, and clean market data. Excellent writing and presentation skills for a professional investment audience. Familiarity with algorithmic trading & backtesting using Python (Zipline, PyFolio, AlphaLens) is a plus. Working knowledge of tools such as R or MatLab is a plus.   Working Conditions:  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk and use hands to type. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   W2 employees only All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, religion, ancestry, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, marital status or medical condition.   Years of Experience Required: More than 5 years Expected Travel Time: None
