 Data Scientist 2019-UNI05658 Cargill provides food, agriculture, financial and industrial products and services to the world.Together with farmers, customers, governments and communities, we help people thrive by applying our insights and over 150 years of experience.We have 155,000 employees in 70 countries who are committed to feeding the world in a responsible way,reducing environmental impact and improving the communities wherewe live and work. 
 
  Description     Position Purpose:   Want to work at the forefront of artificial intelligence and agriculture? Cargill has a significant presence across agricultural supply chains. With that footprint comes massive amounts of data that can inform us about markets and ways to improve our business practices. This position will be part of the Engineering and Data Sciences team and will bring strong technical skills to our data science capabilities. You will work in a multidisciplinary team exploring, connecting, and mining data. You will develop models using algorithms for pattern detection and optimization. In this position you will be managing projects that use advanced analytics and machine learning techniques, such as prediction and forecasting, classification and computer vision, reinforced learning, and probabilistic programming, to develop solutions that help deliver significant value to Cargill’s businesses and functions. Candidates will be exposed to a wide spectrum of high visibility projects ranging from sales effectiveness, competitive excellence, operational efficiency, sourcing and procurement, supply-chain optimization to trading and financial analysis.  
  
Principal Accountabilities:   10% Network with business stakeholders to develop a pipeline of data science projects aligned with business strategies. Translate complex and ambiguous business problems into project charters clearly identifying technical risks and project scope.  10% Work in a cross-disciplinary project team of database specialists, data scientists, and business subject-matter experts to complete project deliverables on-time and within budget, plus communicate technical solutions to a non-technical audience.  10% Design strategies and propose algorithms to analyze and leverage data from a variety of sources.  60% Develop and code models by applying algorithms to large structured as well as unstructured data sets for our more complex projects.   10% Continuously seek out industry best practices and develop skills to create new capabilities for data analytics at Cargill to improve business decisions.  
 
  Qualifications    Required:  • Masters degree from an accredited college/university in Data Science, Machine Learning, Computer Science, Computational Linguistics, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Bioinformatics, Physics, Operations Research or related fields, plus at least two years of work experience in a commercial setting using data science skills; or a PhD from similar college/university in similar area (no work experience necessary).  • In-depth knowledge of various feature engineering and selection techniques, e.g. binning, PCA, t-sne, transformations, etc.  • In-depth knowledge of various modeling algorithms e.g. regression, trees based models, neural networks, ensembles, clustering, time series, reinforced learning, probabilistic programming, etc.  • In-depth knowledge of model deployment, tuning, and performance monitoring.  • Proficiency in Python (e.g. pandas, scikit-learn, bokeh, nltk), R (e.g. ggplot2, cluster, dplyr, caret), or other languages.  • Ability to understand complex and ambiguous business needs and applying the right tools and approaches.  • Curious, self-motivating, driven and have a passion for problem solving.  • Collaborative team player.  • Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.  • Experience developing and testing machine learning and/or statistical projects.  • Strong presentation skills. Ability to present technical solutions to non-technical persons in an easy to understand way.  
  Preferred:  • Experience in agriculture or commodity businesses.  • Experience with weather and geospatial data.  • Experience with consumer, marketing, or sales data.  • Experience with demand forecasting or time series, including back-testing strategies.  • Experience with NLP models.  • Experience with computer vision models for images and video.  • Experience with optimization models.  • Experience with probabilistic programming.  • Experience with reinforcement learning.  • Experience working in a cloud environment e.g. Amazon Web Services.  • Experience with Big Data development in Hadoop and Spark frameworks.  Equal Opportunity Employer, including Disability/Vet.  
 
 Job  Research and Development 
 Primary Location  US-MN-Plymouth 
 Other Locations  United States  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Plymouth, MN 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         UNI05658
