Minimum Required Skills: Python, Machine Learning, R Are you a Senior Data Scientist with experience in a financial environment? If so, read on... We harness the power of machine learning and predictive analytics to discover the fastest-growing companies in the consumer & retail sector. We want to bring the data-driven revolution that has occurred in the public markets to the private markets, starting with consumer & retail. Our mission is to help entrepreneurs thrive by giving them the resources and capital they need. We have been named one of the Top 5 Most Disruptive Companies in Finance by CNBC, one of the 50 Best Fintech Innovators by KPMG, and one of America's Most Promising Companies by Forbes. We are backed by top-tier investors including Google Ventures, Union Square Ventures (backers of Etsy/Kickstarter), and the ex CEOs/Presidents of Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Thomson Reuters, the Stanford Endowment and Capital One. What You Need for this Position Must Haves: - Experience as a Data Scientist in a Finance (investment firm / hedge fund) environment - Python Exp - BSCS or Related Degree Nice to Have: - Machine Learning Experience What's In It for You - Work in a Machine Learning Environment! - Great compensation package - Awesome work environment and friendly team!So if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience in a financial environment ....please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
