Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position Description

Job Summary

Walmart International Data Analytics team is a high performing team looking to expand to enable the transformation of the finance organization involving process automation, close process transformation and eventually application of advanced analytics and machine learning to identify strategic opportunities across various international markets including Mexico, China, Canada, India and Latin America. If you are highly driven, love taking ownership to solve business challenges and enjoy continually learning through experimentation, this role could be a great fit for you.

In this role, as a senior data scientist, you will have the opportunity to build best in class analytical solutions and applications to significantly increase efficiency of the financial processes (and reduce man-hrs. involved) while also working on next generation digital solutions to enable finance organization to work on more value add initiatives for Walmart International. In addition, you will also have the opportunity to work in a highly collaborative environment with finance and business partners across various cross functional units and countries.

Essential Functions

.

Oversees the identification and creation of departmental efficiencies for the International Organization by analyzing and automating reporting using software systems (for example, Visual Basic, SQL syntax); evaluating and designing program parameters and implementation plans; designing processor, database, and reporting tools; performing quality assurance reviews; piloting and implementing programs; and providing support to end users.

Gathers and compiles data related to Walmart International systems and processes by utilizing appropriate software (for example, SQL queries, Excel, Access, Data Base, Alteryx, Tableau); determining and performing appropriate method of data collection; coordinating with other areas to collect data (for example, Technology teams, Real Estate Market teams); organizing and validating data prior to data analysis; consolidating and identifying exceptions and patterns in data; identifying and escalating risks and concerns; and creating and maintaining reports, reporting tools, and templates.

Oversees the deployment of analytical methodologies to solve complex (for example, size, scope) business problems for Walmart International by identifying, evaluating, prioritizing, and monitoring business issues and requests; developing new analytic approaches to meet diverse business needs; utilizing data management techniques (for example, data mining, visualization), analytic software, SQL programming, and advanced statistical analysis (for example, data modeling) to streamline large-scale data management and analysis; and providing key insights and recommendations (for example, technical, conceptual) to business owners.

Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects by identifying customer and operational needs; developing and communicating business plans and priorities; removing barriers and obstacles that impact performance; providing resources; identifying performance standards; measuring progress and adjusting performance accordingly; developing contingency plans; and demonstrating adaptability and supporting continuous learning.

Competencies

An individual must be proficient in each of the competencies listed below to successfully perform the responsibilities of this position.

Make informed judgments

Be customer centered

Ensure execution and achieve results

Demonstrates strong communication skills and Influence

Demonstrate adaptability and ability to learn

Build collaborative relationships

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Alteryx, Mathematics, or related field AND 5 years’ experience in data analytics, or related field

OR 7 years’ experience in data analytics or related field.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

Master’s degree in Business, Computer Science, Statistics, Econometrics, Operations Research Mathematics, or related field.

4 years’ experience working with data analytics tools, programming languages, or machine learning (for example, SQL, Alteryx, SAS, Tableau, R, Python).

Knowledge of or familiarity working with financial metrics. Experience in finance transformation initiatives involving process automation, close process transformation, application of predictive analytics /machine learning to financial planning and forecasting etc.

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
 Think you know Walmart? Think again. Our top-notch, integrated team is changing the way the world shops and harvesting exciting career-ca...
