Minimum Required Skills: Masters, PhD, Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Natural Language Process, Data Mining, Artificial Intelligence, PyTorch, Tensorflow, Keras If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Based in the San Francisco area, we are a venture backed startup, building a chatbot that supports individuals who are trying to manage and control their moods as well as learn various and effective techniques to challenge their harmful thinking. What You Will Be Doing As a senior data scientist, you will work cross-departmentally with data, product, and engineering team members to build machine learning and AI algorithms that are the core of Woebot's intelligence. There are four areas we want the Data Scientist to own and drive: Conversational Engine: Build machine learning models that enable the company to more naturally converse with and understand users. Combine intent classifiers, chit chat, and task-oriented models that help users achieve their goals of feeling happier while also feeling natural and conversational. Insight. Advise on data labeling strategies so that the chatbot's conversational engine is continuously improved and informs changes in features, content, and UX. Help create data analysis and analytics pipelines that improve not only the underlying ML algorithms but also the product and the user's experience. Strong ETL skills, including experience with the creation of analytics dashboards and BI tools such as BigQuery, Google Data Studio, or Tableau. Personalization: Create user profiles and build models that define how the chatbot interacts with each user. We consider personalization to be key for developing a relationship over time, and delivering precision intervention - that is, methods that are tailored to each user. Evidence: Partner with major universities and institutions to advance basic psychological science by measuring the effects that the chatbot delivers to users every day. Create an ongoing apparatus for evaluation that shows which interactions are beneficial for humans and that provide effective outcomes. What You Need for this Position - Masters or PhD in Data Analysis or Machine Learning or related technical field with 2+ years of applied experience - A strong background in one or more of the following areas: machine learning, natural language processing, large-scale data mining or artificial intelligence - Knowledge of one or more modern ML/NLP frameworks, such as PyTorch, Tensorflow, or Keras - A strong experience deploying systems into production, at scale - Experience with Docker, Kubernetes or cloud deployment pipelines a plus - Agile go-to-market product mindset: we do research and we innovate, but we also ship often What's In It for You - Competitive Salary - Stock Options - Flexible PTO - Health, Dental & Vision - Healthy Snacks & Meals - Employee Volunteer ProgramSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
