Minimum Required Skills: Deep Learning, Python, R, Decision Tree, Bagging, Boosting, Random, Forest, NLP, Natural Language If you are a Data Scientist with 2+ years of experience with Deep Learning, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us This position is based in the downtown Chicago area within a great work location and comes with a highly competitive salary. We need your expertise with Deep Learning/Python/R to help some of our premier clients. We're transforming the way enterprises adopt and deploy AI across the organization. This is your chance to be on the forefront early in your career! What You Will Be Doing -Identify and evangelize new and upcoming analytical trends in the field of Deep Learning -Implementing the applications of these algorithms/methods/techniques in R/Python -Explore, diagnose and resolve any data discrepancies including but not limited to any ETL that may be required, missing value and extreme value/outlier treatment using appropriate methods -Execute project plan(s) to meet requirements and timelines What You Need for this Position At Least 2-3 Years of experience with: - Deep Learning - NLP - Python - R -Big Data Technologies (Hadoop/Spark/Hive/etc.) - Data Visualization (Tableau/Qlikview/etc.) It would be great if you have experience with: - IBM Watson - Google ML - Azure - AWS ML and/or AWS Cloud - NLP - Natural Language What's In It for You $80K - $110K depending on experience! Great culture/benefits/PTO & much more!So, if you are a Data Scientist with 2-3 years of experience with Machine Learning, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
