Lightspeed Systems partners with schools to make learning safe, mobile and easily managed. Currently serving 15 million students and 28,000 schools in 35 countries, we are growing! We're looking to add passionate, driven people to help us fulfill our mission.
Are you looking for a challenging role where you can learn lots more and have an impact? Lightspeed Systems is hiring a Data Scientist to join our team.
This is a high visibility role. Success in this role comes from marrying a strong data & modeling background with acute product and business acumen to deliver highly strategic and compelling insights that accelerate our business growth and influence our product decisions.
ABOUT THE ROLE
Creating, validating, and maintaining statistical models
Define and drive data-driven product/features, selecting appropriate combination of methods and tools to exceed customer’s expectations
Proactively analyze data to answer key questions from stakeholders or out of self-initiated curiosity with an eye for what drives business performance, investigating and implementing improvements in efficiency and productivity
Participate in strategic planning discussions - interface with customers, gathering requirements, collaborating with product managers and delivering working prototypes
Create and maintain interactive visualizations through data interpretation and analysis, integrating various reporting components from multiple data sources
Define, implement, and train statistical, machine learning, and deep learning models
ABOUT YOU
Bachelors or Masters in Computer Science, Statistics, math, Finance or other quantitative field.
3+ years of relevant experience in a data science.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills as you’ll work cross-functionally across the organization (marketing, finance, sales, etc.—you will work with every department)
Experience using supervised and unsupervised modeling techniques including but not limited to Decision Trees, Regressions, K-Means, and Neural Networks.
Ability to define and spot macro and micro levels trends with statistical significance on a regular basis and understand key drivers driving those trends.
Work closely with data engineering team to ensure robust data pipelines and model deployment.
Must be an analytical and creative thinker: wherever possible, you look to resolve questions with data.
Strong attention to detail and accuracy – you will be organizing and disseminating significant amounts of information on which business decisions will be made
You have a growth mindset
You hold yourself accountable for delivering results
You work well with teams and help those around you improve.
Desired Tools/Languages
SQL
Python, PySpark and other statistical packages/scripting languages
Experience with AWS Cloud Environment and other Cloud Tools: TensorFlow, CloudML
Experience with traditional data stores (PostgreSQL, SQL Server, MySQL), NoSQL datastores (Cassandra, DynamoDB), and file system stores (HDFS, S3
Applicants must be authorized to work for ANY employer in the US. We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of employment Visa at this time.
ABOUT US
Education is undergoing a technology revolution with new devices and tools being added to the classroom every day and IT departments are responsible for keeping all this technology managed, safe and working. That is where we come in! Lightspeed Systems, ed-tech provider and leader in K-12 device filtering for 20 years, partners with schools to make learning safe, managed and mobile. Learn more at www.lightspeedsystems.com.

We love our employees, and we show it. A sneak peek into our BENEFITS & PERKS include:
Health -- Medical, dental and vision insurance with healthy company contribution toward premiums.
Wellness -- Lightspeed kicks cash into your HSA if you participate our HDHP. Employees are provided an adjustable desk and onsite gyms at some offices. Healthy Holiday and PTO policy.
Retirement -- 401(k) matching up to 6%
Perks -- Fully stocked kitchen with snacks and beverages. Some lunches provided as well!
