Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Location: Hershey, PA

Summary:

This role is part of an organization that uncovers insights to benefit Hershey’s consumers, shoppers, employees, and retailers. Hershey’s Advanced Analytics group provides insights and recommendations that impact multiple facets of the business – from Marketing to R&D. You’ll be part of a team that goes beyond basic analysis, exploring traditional and non-traditional data sets while leveraging new and innovative technologies. The ideal candidate will have a close attention to detail, ability to decompose complex problems, possess strong analytical acumen and a high level of intellectual curiosity. This position must establish him/herself as a subject matter expert and valued consultant with numerous client groups to provide unbiased, objective analyses to inform business decisions.

Major Duties/Responsibilities:

Conducting root cause analysis on issues and forecasts that have significant impact on Hershey’s business and strategy

Creating predictive and prescriptive models to enable scenario planning

Identifying growth opportunities via analytical models

Creating ad hoc, inferential models to explain business results and causal drivers

Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

A passion for analytical problem solving

Ability to work with disparate information, glean insights from the relevant data, and effectively communicate findings with key stakeholders

Strong communication skills

Demonstrated ability to work independently and within cross-functional teams

Effective project manager who can define a business problem, retrieve and prepare the necessary data, develop suitable modeling approaches, evaluate the quality of different models, and deploy a solution that meets end-user criteria.

Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:

Master’s degree in a STEM field is required

Minimum of 1-3 years of related statistics and/or market research experience

Programming experience (preferably in R and/or Python)

Experience in predictive and prescriptive modeling

#LI-DC1

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The policy of The Hershey Company is to extend opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

The Hershey Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minority/Female/Disabled/Protected Veterans

 The Hershey Company, headquartered in Hershey, Pa., is a global confectionery leader known for bringing goodness to the world through its...
