Overview As a member of the corporate team, you’ll focus on enhancing the relationship with our clients as we provide outstanding business solution services. Within departments like Accounting & Finance, Human Resources, and Engineering, Conduent is actively staffing all teams with roles like Recovery Analyst, Client Services Specialist, and Senior Management Consultant. At Conduent, we give our employees the opportunity to further develop their career skills with the intention of growing them into leaders within the organization. Full Time Experienced Professional Development Opportunities Success Profile What will make you successful at Conduent? Check out the traits we’re looking for and see if you have the right mix. Adaptable 9 Detail-Oriented 9 Multi-Tasker 8 Strategic 10 Expressive Presenter 6 Conceptual 4 Traits are on a scale of 1 to 10 Addtional Traits Insightful Organized Consistent Efficient Focused Logical Responsible Versatile Rewards Healthcare Conduent is proud to offer comprehensive and competitive benefits that reflect the value of our employees. Benefits will differ by country, please contact your recruiter for details specific to your location. Balance Maintaining a work/life balance is the key to success. Collaboration Department learning opportunities and company-wide digital knowledge share. Compensation Competitive salaries. Family Support Additional resources to support employees with families. Professional Development Conduent offers programs to help advance the careers of our employees. Responsibilities Description Conduent is the world's largest provider of diversified business process services with leading capabilities in transaction processing, automation, analytics and constituent experience. We work with both government and commercial customers in assisting them to deliver quality services to the people they serve.  We manage interactions with patients and the insured for a significant portion of the U.S. healthcare industry. We are the customer interface for large segments of the technology industry and the operational and processing partner of choice for public transportation systems around the world.  Whether it's digital payments, claims processing, benefit administration, automated tolling, customer care or distributed learning Conduent manages and modernizes these interactions to create value for both our clients and their constituents. Learn more at www.conduent.com. If you meet the requirements of this position and want to work for a world-class company with a great marketplace reputation, apply today.After applying, please check your email (including spam folder) for updates on this position.Title: Principle Data Scientist: Data Analytics / Machine Learning Job Overview Do you want to uncover hidden insights from data and use those to drive decisions and influence behavior to create business value for our clients? If so, the Analytics Practice within the Conduent Technology Innovation (CTI) organization has an exciting opportunity for you. The CTI Analytics team works closely with Conduent business groups to address real world challenges such as the rising cost of healthcare, mobility in urban society and payment card fraud in financial welfare programs, using the power of Data Analytics. We adopt a multidisciplinary approach that combines techniques from diverse domains such as data mining and machine learning, statistical modeling, simulation, optimization and multimedia analysis, and use big data technologies to consolidate and analyze volumes of data from multiple sources in a scalable manner.We are looking for a Principal Data Scientist to work on machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling for predictive and prescriptive enterprise analytics. Successful candidates will be expected to investigate state of the art techniques in advanced machine learning and statistical modeling, and design, develop, and deploy state-of-art, scalable systems for innovative analytics applications in a set of industrial verticals (e.g. healthcare, transportation, customer care etc.). Applicants will be expected to work with a diverse set of data sources, such as time series data, spatial, graph data, semi-structured and unstructured data, and build statistical/machine-learning models in support of on-demand, real-time analytic services. The applicant should also have strong skills in explaining and interpreting the analytic models and outcomes in both research and application contexts. Responsibilities Provides deep data science and related industry knowledge and leadership on strategically relevant technical areas (including latest state of the art from industry and academia). Drives major data science based projects and initiatives with high impact across multiple Conduent organizations. Research, design and prototype robust and scalable models based on machine learning, data mining, and statistical modeling to answer key business problems Develops value propositions, identifying new business opportunities for data science based innovations / solutions. Helps other data scientists understand the broader business context and needs. Drives building of tools and support structures needed to analyze data, perform elements of data cleaning, feature selection and feature engineering and organize experiments in conjunction with best practices Provides guidance to the Data Science team and evaluates the models developed by the team Work with development teams & business groups to ensure models can be implemented as part of a delivered solution replicable across many clients Establishes a strong data science network externally with academia or external organizations. Evangelizes Conduent in external data science communities.  E.g. Influencing the direction of external standards, foster partnerships that benefit Conduent. Present findings to stakeholders to drive improvements and solutions from concept through to delivery Keep abreast of the latest developments in the field by continuous learning and proactively champion promising new methods relevant to the problems at handQualifications PhD in computer science, computer engineering with 12+ years or MS with 15+ years of experience in data science field. Demonstrated history of driving and delivering many analytics models and solutions to offerings in the market Deep knowledge of fundamentals of machine learning, data mining and statistical predictive modeling, and extensive experience applying these methods to real world problems Strong skills in software prototyping and engineering with expertise in applicable programming and analytics languages (Python, R, C/C++) and various open source machine learning and analytics packages to generate deliverable modules and prototype demonstrations of their work Desired interdisciplinary skills include big data technologies, ETL, statistics and causal inference, Deep Learning, modeling and simulation Breadth of skills and experience in machine learning – diverse types of data, diverse data sources, different types of learning models, diverse learning settings Ability and inclination to work in multi-disciplinary environments, and desire to see ideas realized in practice Experience and knowledge in services domains such as business process outsourcing systems, transportation systems, healthcare systems and financial services is valued Demonstrated ability to propose novel solutions to problems, performing experiments to show feasibility of their solutions and working to refine the solutions into a real-world context Strong analytical, written, and verbal communication skills Qualifications: Prior experience in a similar role is required Please include other requirements as appropriate Must be currently eligible to work in the US for any employer without sponsorship Must consent to and successfully clear all required pre-employment screenings. Location:This position is located in Morrisville, NC. No relocation assistance is provided. Conduent is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, creed, religion, ancestry, national origin, age, gender identity, gender expression, sex/gender, marital status, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, medical condition, use of a guide dog or service animal, military/veteran status, citizenship status, basis of genetic information, or any other group protected by law. People with disabilities who need a reasonable accommodation to apply for or compete for employment with Conduent may request such accommodation(s) by clicking on the following link, completing the accommodation request form, and submitting the request by using the “Submit” button at the bottom of the form. For those using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox please download the form first: click here to access or download the form.
