Position: Sr. Data Scientist We are one of the fastest-growing global tech companies that empowers hundreds of millions of people and thousands of publishers to personalize the Web. We enable publishers to drive editorial voice and brand safety, while giving consumers the choice to personalize their content discovery experience. We engage over 1B online users, and deliver more than 300B content recommendations every month! As well as being one of the fastest growing Startups in Israel, we are also growing our global reach, with offices in NY, London, Tel Aviv, LA, Bangkok, New Delhi, Sao Paulo and more. Our Engineering Team builds high-scale, web and mobile e-commerce applications that run non-stop around the globe. We work in small collaborative teams to architect massively scalable and reliable systems. As a Sr. Data Scientist you will work in our downtown LA office with a very talented and tight knit team, utilizing some of the latest technology and tools. In this role you will; Identify and propose Data Science solutions for various product initiatives. Design and build predictive customer behavior models for targeting and personalization. Implement the applicable Machine Learning or statistics based algorithm for prediction and optimization and deliver the trained model to production. Present findings to product team and technical team leads in a clear and actionable way. Build and maintain code to populate HDFS, Hadoop with log from Kafka or data loaded from SQL production systems. Design, build and support algorithms of data transformation, conversion, computation on Hadoop, Spark and other distributed Big Data Systems Requirements 5+ years of experience in statistics, data mining and predictive modeling required 5+ years of programming experience in Java/Scala and/or Python required Experience with Hadoop stack (HIVE, Pig, Hadoop streaming) and MapReduce Experience with HBase or comparable NoSQL SQL & database experience Experience in collecting data from/exposing data to various data sources and services (API, JSON, XML) Experience in implementing real-time machine learning and data mining algorithms in large scale environments a big plus Experience with Google products especially Google Cloud Storage, Google Analytics and Google Big Query a big plus Great communication skills and ability to explain data and analysis to a variety of audiences Bachelor’s degree in quantitative or related field 
