Minimum Required Skills: Data Mining, Machine Learning, SQL, Python, Keras, sklearn, NLP, Data Visualization, Learning Frameworks - i.e. nltk, Text Analysis We are a vibrant, lucrative start-up company working on a new, cutting-edge self-service customizable platform to help lawyers increase their ability to win cases. As a fully-funded, 1st-to-market startup going after a multi-million / billion $$ industry, we're looking for the best-of-the-best tech-talent who will have an opportunity to shape key components of our products, including a brand new product under development. This is truly a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get in near the ground-floor with a company that's going to make it big. After securing a significant round of funding & launching our maiden products to rave reviews, it's game on to build out & start scaling our technology! If you are a Data Scientist with data/text mining, NLP or other relevant experience, we want to talk with you! What You Will Be Doing - You will be a important part of the engineering team, making a huge impact on our scalable, flagship software product - Working on the latest data-rich technology in a lucrative electronic legal space - Our product is extremely data intensive - you'll be working with large amounts of data & the latest data technology to help build out our data stream, architecture, pipeline and platform - Working on tech like Docker, Python, Kubernetes, Django, Keras, nltk, sklearn, deep learning, NLP What You Need for this Position - BS/BA in math, physics, stats, Computer Science, etc. (MS or PhD preferred) with 3+ years of dedicated production data science experience - Experience with data mining, text analysis, machine learning, statistics, deep learning, NLP, etc. - Experience with Spark, Nompy, Scikit, TensorFlow or related technology - Experience in the legal technology space is a big plus - Must have Python, other OOP language experience may be acceptable - Data expertise - identifying data patterns, troubleshoot data, etc. - Machine learning framework experience i.e.: sklearn, keras, nltk & the underlying algo's for NLP & Deep Learning - SQL experience - Data visualization would be great - Some experience with tech such as Docker, Kubernetes, Django would be great - Kaggle competition experience gives you a leg up - Startup experience & mentality What's In It for You - Flat organization with plenty of room for growth, challenge, & additional leadership & growth opportunities - Competitive compensation, full- medical, dental, vision & Pre-IPO equity - Opportunity to join a company that is making huge strides in the booming e-Legal spaceSo, if you are a data scientist with text analysis, natural language processing and related experience, please apply today!Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
