Minimum Required Skills: Python, Petroleum Engineering, Unconventional Resources, Oil & Gas, AI, Machine Learning, Software Development, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Big Data Analytics If you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please read on! This is an amazing opportunity to join a company that is growing rapidly and that is doing something no other company is doing. We are the only software company in the world with fully functional prescriptive analytics software that is patented and trademarked! We are seeking a talented, experienced Data Scientist with a PH D. in Petroleum Engineering or Geology that has an AI background and experience with machine learning software development! Also, a big plus to those with knowledge and experiences in unconventional Oil/Gas resources. We have an upbeat and positive Culture! The Salary is extremely competitive if you have experience! We are dedicated to helping corporations make smarter decisions about their future! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Competitive Base Salary! (110-160K) 2. Full Benefits (Health, Dental, Vision etc.) 3. Positive and Unique Culture - Casual Work Environment 4. Strong Glass Door Rating What You Will Be Doing We are looking for our next team member that is passionate about discovering insights into complex data sets leveraging machine-learning, artificial intelligence, and statistical data analytical techniques. This person has a track record of delivering successful analytical projects using multiple machine learning algorithms, ideally working with these data formats (text, image, video, sound, structured, unstructured, hybrid.) Must have an excellent knowledge of advanced methods and experience in applying those methods to a variety of applications. This person must thrive in a startup environment that is fast-paced, ever-changing, and understand their contributions will greatly impact the success of our company. They will play a major role in how we architect, visualize, and interpret critical data that is at the very core of our business. They love producing solutions and take extreme pride in their work. Responsibilities: - Work with engineering, sales, and delivery teams to define/design requirements, build, and solve complex solutions with - Be expert in multiple machine learning algorithms, computer vision and text analytics are big plus - Be familiar with software engineering process is preferred Qualifications 5+ years of experience in Data Science and analytics fields Experience developing high performing software components with large data sets and a strong understanding of algorithmic complexity Track record of research and delivery excellence A background or Masters or Ph.D in Statistics, Math, Computer Science a plus Willingness to learn, contribute, and see your work move the proverbial needle What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: - Python - PH D. in Petroleum Engineering or Geology - Unconventional Oil/Gas Resources - AI - Machine Learning - Software Development - Deep Learning - Natural Language Processing What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Relocation - Bonus - 401kSo, if you are a Senior Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
