Minimum Required Skills: Python, SQL, SQL Server, Finance, Equity, Microsoft SQL, R, Matlab, pandas, NumPy If you are a Data Scientist II with experience, please read on! We are a company based in beautiful Silicon Beach next to Youtube and Google's new building. We are a fast growing, innovative, industry breaking company that specializes financial investment. Our company is looking for a Data Scientist II with a strong background with finance and equity investments who is studious, inventive, and punctual. What You Will Be Doing A Data Scientist II that possesses strong experience with Python, SQL, and Finance/Equity Investments that will use their skills to help our team build quantitative research. What You Need for this Position Strong Advance Knowledge of: - Python and its relative data bases - SQL - Strong background and knowledge of finance and equity investments -At least 5+ yrs experience with Quantitative Investments Additional: -Machine Learning -Data Mining -Statistics -Classifications -Master's Degree or Higher What's In It for You Salary: 150k-175k Competitive Health Benefits Package Paid Holiday & Vacations Bonus Incentives: -Performance Based Bonus -Trading Bonus for strategy contributionsSo, if you are a Data Scientist II with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
