Minimum Required Skills: Data Scientist, Machine Learning, Python, R, Tableau, Google Analytics, A/B Testing, Text Analysis, Bayesian, Random Forest algorithms Based in Los Angeles, we are dedicated to creating game-changing digital solutions to be used by tens of thousands of people nationwide everyday. Currently, we are looking for a Sr. Data Scientist who values a high performance working environment, that empowers it's employees to have a direct impact on the company's success and growth. Top Reasons to Work with Us -Innovative, collaborative team environment! -Great benefits! -Career growth opportunities! What You Will Be Doing -Use data to drive continuous improvement and decision making -Optimizing user experience and ROI for free and premium digital products on web and mobile app -Supporting marketing initiatives across online channels -Data-driven strategic business decision making -Data mining and machine learning of our user and site traffic data to add data-driven intelligence to our user experience and product offerings -Define KPIs and business objectives and build automated dashboards to optimize digital performance -Create Tableau dashboards/reports and maintain our library of self-serve Tableau dashboards to support business users across the organization A/B Testing -Google Analytics power user -Work collaboratively with stakeholder groups in Product, Marketing and Finance to define business needs and translate them into Data Science solutions Subject Matter Expert (SME) in Data Science methods -Teach others in the organization as Data Science becomes a larger focus area for the company What You Need for this Position -Master's Degree in Statistics, Data Science or similar degree with a quantitative emphasis -Proficient with advanced Data Science methodologies, such as Text Analysis, Machine -Learning (e.g. Bayesian or Random Forest algorithms), Logistic Regression, Cluster Analysis -2+ years of experience of supporting digital, or similar, organizations with all analytics needs, preferably in high data volume environments -1+ years of experience with Tableau (or similar BI platform). Ideally a Tableau power user -1+ years of experience with SQL advanced SQL skills a must -1+ years of experience with Google Analytics (or similar). Multi-channel attribution a plus -Experience with R, SAS or similar statistical software -Experience with A/B testing. Optimizely a plus -Python and/or R a strong plus -Strong MS-Excel and PowerPoint skills What's In It for You -Competitive Base Pay (DOE) - Bonus -Full Medical benefits -401(k) with company match -PTO -Health/Wellness Initiatives -Casual working environment -Team events and outings -Much more!So, if you are a Sr. Data Scientist with experience, please apply today or send me your resume to Rachel.Hilton@CyberCoders.com! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
