Minimum Required Skills: Machine Learning, Python, Applied Mathematics Are you a Lead Data Scientist who has machine learning and can code in either Python or Scala? If so, read on... We are the adtech arm of a large media conglomerate. Due to recent growth, we are looking to add a data science team to our already established top notch technology team! You will get to work with some of LA's brightest minds, have a strong work/life balance and enjoy coming to work every day! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Be a founding member of a new data science division! 2. Strong culture - we work hard but lived balanced lives. 3. Work for empathetic, employee focused managers. What You Will Be Doing - Traffic Predictor - Risk Assessment tool to determine the likelihood an ad campaign would be able to deliver What You Need for this Position - Lead or Senior Experience - Machine Learning Experience - Python or Scala Experience - 50% mathematician, 50% software engineer - Innovative and analytical: can pull insights from data - BS or the equivalent in Computer Science or an applied quantitative field and likely added an MS or PhD in the same fieldSo, if you are a Lead Data Scientist with machine learning & coding experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
