Human Factors Scientist
ID

3336

Location


Phoenix, AZ

Practice/Center


Human Factors

Apply Now

Exponent is a leading engineering and scientific consulting firm. Our multidisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, physicians, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve complicated problems facing corporations, insurers, government entities, associations and individuals. Our approximately 1000 staff members work in 26 offices across the United States and abroad. Exponent has over 800 consultants, including more than 500 that have earned a doctorate in their chosen field of specialization.

Exponent's Human Factors Practice is seeking a Scientist for our Phoenix, AZ office. This position will be responsible for analyzing human performance related to a wide variety of real world scenarios involving automobiles, occupational work and consumer products, and for serving as project manager on a potentially large number of such engagements.

Additional responsibilities will include:
Supporting a wide range of consulting activities that involve human factors in accidents and their prevention, including limitations of human perceptual, cognitive, and response capabilities
Developing client contacts and helping to grow future business opportunities
Working on multi-disciplinary projects spread across the nation
Providing case management, data processing, and analytical project support
Conducting research to obtain and review technical data, scientific literature, and standards
Participating in the design and evaluation of warnings, consumer products, and safety information
The ideal candidate for this position has a strong interest in applying their training to human performance questions involving operator behavior, occupational safety, consumer-product interaction, and environment navigation, and also possesses a strong scientific background in the foundations of cognition, perception, and human decision-making. Candidates should furthermore be comfortable working in a collaborative and fast-paced professional engineering and scientific consulting environment, which demands a high degree of self-motivation, dedication, and resilience to stress.

Qualifications for this position include:
Ph.D. in Experimental or Cognitive Psychology/Neuroscience
Excellent written and verbal communication skills as well as strong interpersonal skills
Strong mathematical aptitude and proficiency with statistics
Solid foundation in science of cognition, perception, and human decision making
Consummate project management skills and ability to juggle multiple teams concurrently with an eye for detail
Must be assertive, a self-starter, and able to work with accuracy under pressure and/or
To learn more about life at Exponent, check out our Graduate Students page at www.exponent.com/careers/grad-students!

We are an Affirmative Action, Equal Employment Opportunity, Veterans and Disabled Employer.
