Minimum Required Skills: Python, SAS, GLM, Actuarial Science If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! A million people a year die in car collisions around the world. That number should be zero. You can help us create a new insurance company that uses the latest technology and data science methods to save lives by preventing car collisions before they happen. We are a San Francisco startup in the financial district that is well funded. What You Will Be Doing We're seeking someone to build and support critical backend systems and services that are core to our business. This includes the rewards system that will be used to increase driver safety, designing APIs, creating/managing databases, and writing automated test suites. General tools you build will be open sourced and will ideally be consumed by the greater community. What You Need for this Position - This role will require the candidate to be extremely hands on with building models and data driven tools. Past experience implementing complex data-driven solutions is required - Advanced Python skills. Should be familiar with Python's scientific computing ecosystem - Advanced SAS skills. Should be familiar with SAS best practices - Deep experience with GLMs as well as modern machine learning methods - Actuarial science is a plus, but is not required What's In It for You - Top market salary - Your own office overlooking downtown SF - Healthy, catered meals daily - Initial funding $35 Million (funded by $100B/yr Fortune 500 company) - Make a difference and save lives!So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
