Read what people are saying about working here. 

Background & Purpose of the Job

Data is everywhere in the world and Unilever is passionate about it! As HR embarks on a cultural transformation, we want to drive this change from a data lens. Data is the new art and we want to use it to take us from descriptive insights to predictive and prescriptive analytics. Can you help us get there?

Moderate amount of time blending data and building dashboards, providing predictions and making presentations to senior leadership

Drive the team from descriptive insights to predictive and prescriptive analytics

Exercise expertise across data engineering and science

Build insightful dashboards containing tactical reports and strategic analytics

Lead the interpretation of people data in order to identify meaningful differences, relationships, trends, and any other factors that could affect the health of the organization.

Serve as the domain expert for analytics in the areas of people metrics, reporting, and advanced and predictive analytics.

Collaborate with subject matter experts across the HR service areas (learning and development, recruiting, talent management, diversity, compliance, reward, benefits) to improve overall strategic insight.

Support interpersonal leadership teams identify business challenges and use data analysis to help influence changes to the policies, practices, operations, process or programs.

Who You Are & What You’ll Do

You’re a strategy guru: to discover the information hidden in our many sources of data

You’re a dot connector: eager to build dashboards, perform statistical analysis, and build high quality prediction systems

You’re a teacher: who can look at many different data sets, find trends and insights to provide business recommendations in layman terms.

What You’ll Need To Succeed

Master’s degree; PHD preferred

4-5 years of relevant experience with data and AI

Start-up experience (preference)

Advanced data plumbing skills

Experience working in an HR or People analytics related field, preferred

Critical thinking skills in formulating hypotheses, interpreting results, and being able to make educated guesses when data may be sparse or unavailable

Ability to communicate written and verbal analytics output to non-experts

Intellectual curiosity and ability to handle high levels of ambiguity

Ability to prioritize and work within tight deadlines

Attention to detail

Experience managing, mentoring, and developing talent (preferred)

Experience with the following tools/systems:

Power BI, Tableau and/or other similar SQL tools required

Microsoft Access, PowerPoint, and Excel experience.

R Programming

Python

Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI)

What We Can Offer You

Culture for Growth | Top Notch Employee Health & Well Being Benefits | Every Voice Matters | Global Reach | Life at Unilever | Careers with Purpose | World Class Career Development Programs | Check Out Our Space | Focus On Sustainability

-

Unilever is an organization committed to diversity and inclusion to drive our business results and create a better future every day for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. For more information, please see Equal Employment Opportunity Posters

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities

Employment is subject to verification of pre-screening tests, which may include drug screening, background check, credit check and DMV check.

If you are an individual with a disability in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at 1-855-239-5459 or NAAccommodations@unilever.com . Please note: These lines are reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and are not a means of inquiry about positions or application statuses.

 160 million times a day, some-one somewhere chooses a Unilever product. 
Our brands include Dove, Knorr, Hellmann’s, Becel/Flora, Calvé,...
