Hobsons connects learning to life by matching students to opportunity across a lifetime of education decisions. Nearly 60% of first-year college students find they aren’t prepared for college, despite being technically eligible for it. Employers are also finding that students are not being properly prepared for the workforce in key areas. We aim to change that by delivering college and career readiness solutions that help bridge the gap between college access and completion by engaging students throughout their educational journey. Sr. Data Scientist   Job Summary Currently we have an outstanding opportunity for a Sr. Data Scientist to join our Data Science team at Hobsons. The role will offer the candidate the opportunity to work with Product Development delivering features to the customer. The work will utilize Big Data techniques, Predictive Analytics, and Business Intelligence powered by a Hadoop platform. Your primary focus will be product development from concepts to end user delivery as a senior member of a  team who is applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction and recommendation systems and integrating those within our products. With your contributions, the data science team will work with our product teams to answer questions like the following on behalf of our customers: What activities can I recommend to my students to improve their chance of success? What treatments have we recommended in the past have had the best outcomes? What Colleges and Universities are the best match for my students? What is the likelihood of this student attending and persisting through my school? What is the likelihood of the student completing the college degree? What support program do I need to offer this individual student to ensure they complete their degree? We are looking for someone who has a proven track record of Product Delivery with both B2B & B2C products.  The ideal candidate will also be forward looking and willing to engage with new technologies like TensorFlow and Deep Learning. Have experience with white paper development, and conference presentations.   We have a strong preference for  someone with an EdTech background or experience working with higher education deans or provost offices. This position will be located in Arlington, VA (Clarendon metro) Essential Functions/Responsibilities Data extraction & transformation Feature development that ties into customer needs and product capabilities Working with Product Management to develop roadmap items Analysing and recommending new product capabilities Working with machine learning technologies like Scikit-Learn, Mahout, TensorFlow Develop data visualizations for the purpose of data decision understanding Measurement of treatment and intervention effectiveness Minimum Qualifications Seven years of relevant experience in a product development arena. BS in a Math, Statistics or Computer Science field, Masters or PhD in Data Science preferred Five years of working with Data Science algorithms & techniques such as k-NN, Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees and Accuracy measurements Experience with Predictive model development using Neural Networks, Logistic Regression, SVM or Random Forest methods . Three years with frameworks and technologies Python, NumPy, SciKit-Learn, Spark/Hadoop Three years of working with Unix systems Five years of database and SQL skills Experience with data visualization tools, R, Excel, SAS, Jupyter Notebooks, D3 etc.. Ability to translate product objectives into an execution and delivery plan with milestones and resource needs. Strong communication and presentation skills Exposure to cloud computing platforms such as AWS, Databricks, and Windows Azure Ability to convey results and conclusions to non-quantitative individuals Experience with git and other source controls systems   Hobsons recognizes the importance of taking care of our most valuable assets – our employees. That’s why we not only offer a comprehensive total rewards package but also continuously evaluate our offerings to meet the evolving needs of our workforce. Benefits Include (but may vary depending on location):  Affordable and Competitive Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance Plans 401(k) Plan with Match Flexible PTO offering for all Exempt roles Substantial time off for all Non-Exempt roles, including Floating Holidays and Premium Days for Volunteering, Personal Wellness and/or School Conferences/Visits Education/Tuition Reimbursement Life, AD&D, Short-term and Long-term Disability Insurance Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA) Voluntary Employee Programs: Legal Services, ID Theft & Credit Monitoring Work-Life Balance & Culture Company Closes December 24th through January 1st as a Paid Holiday Generous Holiday Schedule Employee Referral Bonus Program Casual Dress Environment Flexible Work Arrangement Opportunities Fitness Program Membership Discounts Hobsons Annual Achievement Awards Event Employee Funded Charity Programs Adopt A Class - Local Community Involvement Work Perks Discount Program To view our comprehensive list of total rewards benefits, please visit: www.hobsons.com/careers/why-work-here.  To learn more about Hobsons, and our products: Naviance, Intersect and Starfish, visit our corporate web site at  www.hobsons.com  and follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter. Ability to document identity and employment eligibility within three (3) days of original appointment as a condition of employment in compliance with Immigration Reform and Control Act requirements. Note: U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. are encouraged to apply. We are unable to sponsor at this time.   Hobsons is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, or other legally protected status.
