Minimum Required Skills: Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, SQL If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us Fun, diverse team Catered lunch twice per week Unlimited vacation policy Friday wine time Free gym or commuter credits Lots of snacks Dog-friendly What You Will Be Doing Leveraging our large amount of structured and unstructured data to extract newsworthy insights Developing algorithms and modeling techniques to identify characteristics and patterns in how communities work at a neighborhood level Develop metrics and evaluate the performance of stories by designing experiments to drive product requirements Work closely with data engineers, data journalists, and other cross-functional team members to develop original content and the automation pipeline Keeping up with recent advances in machine learning, big data processing, and your field of expertise (e.g. natural language processing, data visualization) What You Need for this Position MS degree (PhD preferred) in computer science, statistics, economics, or a related quantitative field Extensive experience working with various datasets, familiarity with common schemas, and an understanding of both the power and shortcomings of data Experience in large scale software development and product development processes (code design, testing plans, and code reviews) Fluent in Python programming, including common scientific computing packages and data science tools such as numpy, scikit-learn, pandas, and matplotlib Fluent in SQL and ability to write queries for large datasets Experience with common methods and tools for natural language processing and machine learning 2+ years of professional experience in the field Passionate about data driven products and computational problem-solving Passionate about uncovering meaningful stories, addressing growing news deserts, and informing local communities Experience in creating impactful data visualizations Active participant in meetups / groups related to: Data Science, Data Visualization, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, or related interests What's In It for You Medical, Dental, & Vision Insurance Life & Disability Coverage 401(k) plan INVESTORS Rakuten, Greylock Partners, Social Capital, Graph Ventures, CRV Eric Schmidt's Innovation Endeavors, Pear Ventures, Matter Ventures, John S. & James L. Knight Foundation, and 500 Startups.So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
