Read what people are saying about working here. 

Digital Supply Chain Data Scientist

Englewood Cliffs, NJ

Relocation and localization of international candidates may not be offered. Current Unilever Employees acknowledge that by applying for this vacancy, you are confirming that you have made your Line Manager aware of your application and that you are at a point in your career with Unilever where it is appropriate for you to be applying for other positions.

Background & Purpose of the Job

The Digital Supply Chain Data Scientist will lead product lifecycle from ideation, data exploration, model building, results communication and business integration. This role will be partnering with internal supply chain domain experts and external collaboration engagements on advanced analytics.

Who You Are & What You’ll Do

The Digital Solutions team is comprised of market intelligence, data science and disruptive technology deployment. As the Digital Supply Chain Data Scientist you will be responsible for the full lifecycle from analytic question definition, through data engineering, modeling, visualization development, testing, and operational deployment and support iterations. This includes working with business stakeholders to gather goals and outline requirements, translate into technical designs, coordinate with multiple source data owners, and then develop the end user friendly analytics and self-service analytics interfaces. This role requires a detail oriented, creative technologist, comfortable working in a highly collaborative and entrepreneurial environment.

You’re a dot connector and storyteller: You are good with numbers and you love to dig into data to find the story. You are detail-oriented and know how to focus on what really matters. You understand the importance of accuracy in data analytics and reporting.

You’re a changemaker: You are a self-starter and a multitasker who can work independently under tight timelines. You want to make an impact by providing the data that will help transform the experience for our consumers.

You’re a paradox navigator: Enable data driven decision-making supply chain, disrupting data silos.

You’re a culture & change champion: Be an advocate and set an example of digital cultural.

You love to win, and have fun doing it: Transform the way Unilever supply chain operates with a proactive, informed risk-taking, winning attitude!

What You’ll Need To Succeed

Advanced degree (Master’s or certification) in data science, analytics, or information technology or related technical discipline required

A minimum of 1 year of experience in a data analytics related role.

Experience in supply chain management is strongly recommended

Coding skills in a general-purpose programming language (e.g., C/C++, Java or Python).

Deep experience using SQL, extracting, cleaning, preparing and modeling data

Exposure to, or experience in, big data technologies (e.g. Hadoop, Microsoft Azure, Spark)

SAP and/or Oracle databases would be highly beneficial

Deep knowledge of machine learning, statistics, optimization or related field

Mastery of Data Visualization, Presentation and Story Telling with a high level of effectiveness in communicating complex data sets to a variety of audiences at all levels of technical acumen.

-

Unilever is an organization committed to diversity and inclusion to drive our business results and create a better future every day for our diverse employees, global consumers, partners, and communities. We believe a diverse workforce allows us to match our growth ambitions and drive inclusion across the business. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. For more information, please see Equal Employment Opportunity Posters

Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities

Employment is subject to verification of pre-screening tests, which may include drug screening, background check, credit check and DMV check.

If you are an individual with a disability in need of assistance at any time during our recruitment process, please contact us at 1-855-239-5459 or NAAccommodations@unilever.com . Please note: These lines are reserved for individuals with disabilities in need of assistance and are not a means of inquiry about positions or application statuses.

 160 million times a day, some-one somewhere chooses a Unilever product. 
Our brands include Dove, Knorr, Hellmann’s, Becel/Flora, Calvé,...
