Minimum Required Skills: Data Science, R, Python, Machine Learning, SQL, AWS, GCP, Azure If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Located in Dallas, we design and develop technology solutions for enterprises. We offer data services, such as big data, NOSQL, predictive analytics, business intelligence, IT integration, and mobile development on all devices. The company also provides creative services, including UX and UI design, and advanced touch and interaction solutions. In addition, it offers interactive solutions for airports, healthcare settings, and boardrooms. What You Will Be Doing This role encompasses a large swath of data science and engineer responsibilities. You'll often be required to understand the nuances of the client's domain in order to ask the right questions that guide you and them towards a meaningful hypothesis with which to start experimentation. You'll then need to apply your engineering prowess to catalog, gather, clean, wrangle, and shape data sources relevant to the problem at hand. Sometimes the questions can be then answered with simple visualizations or reports while other times the problem might call for a robust machine learning model deployed in production. Our clients' needs are diverse, so our skills and abilities must be also. What You Need for this Position More Than 2 Years of experience and knowledge of: - Bachelor's Degree in a technical field - SQL - 2+ years of experience - Python, R or Scala - 2+ years of experience - Machine Learning with experience in unsupervised, and supervised - 1+ years of experience (deep learning a plus) - BigQuery, Hive, and Spark - Tableau or related visualization tool - Google Cloud Platform data and analytics tools What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Bonus - 401kSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
