Read what people are saying about working here. 

We are looking for Data Scientist who is a data enthusiast with a broad understanding and experience with real-time analytics and business intelligence platforms. An expert in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets with a variety of tools and statistical environments.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Conduct research leveraging big data technologies that surface actionable insight that influence analytical solutions roadmap

Gather and process raw data at scale by using statistical packages like R, and programming language like Python, Java, Scala

Process unstructured data into a form suitable for analysis – and then do the analysis.

Image processing and Computer Vision

Critical thinking skills to assess how AI capabilities can best be applied to complex business situations.

Work closely with engineering team to integrate your ideas, innovations and algorithms into production systems.

Support business decisions with ad hoc analysis as needed.

Having the ability to query databases with structured and un-structured data and perform statistical analysis

Being able to work in a fast-paced multidisciplinary environment as in a competitive landscape new data keeps flowing in rapidly and the world is constantly changing;

All other duties as assigned.

Major Responsibilities

Applying quantitative analysis and data mining expertise in presenting data to visualize beyond the numbers and the underlying trends and use that analysis in process automation

Ability to perform in the following areas

Analysis and Presentation

Exploratory Data Analysis

Predictive Data Analysis

Streaming Analytics

Experience in creating and implementing machine learning algorithms and advanced statistics such as: regression, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, and neural networks

Proficiency with statistical computing languages for data analysis, such as R and Python preferred.

You ask why, you explore, you're not afraid to blurt out your disruptive idea. You are constantly exploring new open source tools.

Work on building deep learning models in production for predicting ideally vendor capacity, order volume.

Analytical skills, with an emphasis on quantitative analysis, descriptive and inferential statistics a plus

Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS

Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related field or equivalent work experience

Certification preferred but not required

3 years experience in software or applications engineering and/or technical operations

Work and/or academic experience building applications using any of the following:

Large scale distributed databases as well as more traditional options: key-value, graph, SQL, NoSQL, time series

Machine Learning like R, Python

Deep knowledge on large scale object stores (e.g. HDFS) and the ecosystem of tools used for machine learning applications (e.g. spark etc.). In particular, we’re looking for the flexibility to make decisions that best optimize for our applications and don’t follow the crowd to a default answer.

Exposure to cloud environments preferable Azure

Experience handling data with relational databases is preferred

Knowledge of machine learning/distributed systems

SQL server or Oracle

Effective in fast paced environment

Collaborative/enjoys working in teams

Self starter/motivator

Creative and effective problem solving skills

Ability to work on/manage multiple tasks concurrently.

LoanCare is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.

Job: Information Technology

Primary Location: VA - Virginia Beach

Organization: ServiceLink Information Technology

Job Posting: Feb 8, 2019, 2:26:04 PM
