Minimum Required Skills: Machine Learning, OOP, Statistical Analysis, Mathlab, Data Visualization, Algorithms If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us - HUGE Room for Growth - Great Work/Life Balance/Autonomy - Competitive Pay What You Will Be Doing This position is for those looking for those who enjoy integrating cutting-edge data analysis and machine learning algorithms into commercial software. Depending on the candidate, aspects of the job will include researching, developing, comparing and optimizing algorithms for analyzing large data sets. Other aspects may include simulations, graphing, statistical analysis and User Interface design. The candidate will enjoy theoretical aspects of software development, such as design patterns, OOP and software architecture. What You Need for this Position At Least 3 Years of experience and knowledge of: - Machine Learning - OOP - Statistical Analysis - Mathlab - Data Visualization - Algorithms What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Relocation - Bonus - 401k - Partial RemoteSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
