POSITION SUMMARY Looking for opportunities to use cutting edge technologies analyzing petabytes of data in a world class Hadoop cluster, generating insights to guide consumers in their journey to wellness and help them achieve their health ambitions, whether its playing tackle football with their grandkids or running the Inca Trail Marathon? Aetna's Data Science organization is focused on delivering strategically-impactful products to our internal customers, by building analytically-based solutions that integrate a wide range of internal and external large datasets within a cutting-edge Hadoop parallel-processing environment. Aetna's Consumer Health Services Clinical Analytic Team creates innovative analytic tools to drive better and faster decision making within the organization. We are currently looking for an exceptional Lead Data Scientist, reporting to the Executive Director of Clinical Analytics, to use advanced analytics to optimize care management programs to improve health outcomes and reduce health care costs for Aetna consumers. Manages and is responsible for the successful delivery of the algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools to meet business needs. Acts as the analytic team lead for large and complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives. Fundamental Components: Develops complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes. Performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve multiple and complex business problems. Utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses and specialized expertise in the organization and/or industry. Applies analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques. Manages large and complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing. Behaves as mentor to junior team members to provide technical advice. Collaborates with business partners to develop technical /business approaches and new or enhanced technical tools. Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology / business solutions. BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired: 7-10 or more years of progressively complex related experience. Demonstrates proficiency in all areas of mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling and advanced in-depth specialization in some areas. Solid understanding of health care industry, products, and systems. Deep knowledge of advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources. Strong skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment Demonstrates strong ability to communicate technical concepts and implications to business partners. Strong organizational, management and leadership skills. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills. EDUCATION: Masters degree desired, PHD a plus. ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come. We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence. Together we will empower people to live healthier lives. Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities. We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard. Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position. Aetna takes our candidates's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately. Aetna is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action Employer
