Job Description


Oversight is a leading provider of cloud-based artificial intelligence solutions automating and analyzing financial payment transactions to identify fraud, non-compliant purchases, and wasteful spending. Oversight analyzes over $2 trillion in expenditures annually at Fortune 5000 companies and government agencies worldwide.

In this position as a Data Scientist, you will be working with a team of skilled and motivated data scientists and machine learning engineers designing and building AI solutions to expand our product line.

Responsibilities


Our team is at the fore front of building, operating and supporting business systems with machine learning at their core.

As a Data Scientist you will be incorporating machine learning into our products in order to transform how companies find and manage spend risk throughout their organization. You will collaborate with cross functional teams on complex data science problems and be responsible for solution design, data preparation, model building, and model management.

Ultimately, we’re looking for people who are excited by machine learning, data and technology, love to solve problems, constantly challenge themselves to provide the best user experience, can work well alone, have a wide range of skills and are able and willing to constantly learn.

Skills


Technical Skills/Requirements
3+ years real world experience in a data science or equivalent role
Extensive experience designing and maintaining a machine Learning pipeline – ETL, feature engineering, modeling, predicting, explaining, deploying and ongoing diagnostics
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills
Experience communicating complex models and designing
Strong experience with data processing and data analytics
Experience analyzing a wide variety of structured and unstructured data
Strong communication and data presentation skills
Experience in both R&D and commercial software product development environment is a plus
Technologies
Expertise in python, scikit-learn, and pandas
Experience with Deep learning frameworks (FastAI , Keras, PyTorch etc.) preferred
SQL
Linux

Interested and qualified candidates should submit a resume with salary requirements to recruiter@oversightsystems.com.

About Oversight

The world’s largest companies and government agencies trust Oversight to identify enterprise spend risk no matter where it resides in their organization. Oversight’s AI-powered platform drives financial transformation by reducing audit effort and eliminating data silos to monitor and analyze 100% of spend transactions with unparalleled accuracy. With full visibility into spend, Oversight customers find and prioritize employee-initiated and third-party spend risk that would otherwise go undetected by in-house processes. By identifying process breakdowns and making corrections early, Oversight helps optimize budgets, reduce out-of-policy spending by 70% while maximizing audit efficiency and eliminating cash leakage.

Oversight is an equal opportunity employer.

Job Applicant Privacy Notice
