Minimum Required Skills: Python, Scala, ETL, Data Warehousing, SPARK, SQL, Airflow, Hive, RTB Protocols, ad-tech industry experience How to differentiate ourselves? How to express that while we are an ad-tech firm and while we'd love to find Senior Data Scientist with industry experience, we can offer something unique? We're a high-growth, dominate tech firm with a substantial financial runway and an authentically enthusiastic leadership team. If you like pouring your heart & soul into platform development and want to be involved in a company that is concretely disrupting this space, you're in the right place. Top Reasons to Work with Us - phenomenal growth potential and opportunity - sweet office with special health & wellness perks - awesome leadership team that will respond to your commitment in kind What You Need for this Position 6+ years of complex data science experience. The following is a list of required skills. We need senior people. - Python - Scala - ETL - Data Warehousing - SPARK - SQL - Airflow - Hive - RTB Protocols Ideally, we're seeking someone who has worked in the ad-tech industry space. Minimally you should have product that's faced the public - something that demonstrates your skillset and is available to view.If you are a Senior Data Engineer please apply today! We'll consider anyone with the right high-level set of skills, who is willing to work onsite in West Los Angeles. Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. CyberCoders will consider for Employment in the City of Los Angeles qualified Applicants with Criminal Histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring (Ban the Box) Ordinance. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
