Join us on our exciting journey! IQVIA™ is The Human Data Science Company™, focused on using data and science to help healthcare clients find better solutions for their patients. Formed through the merger of IMS Health and Quintiles, IQVIA offers a broad range of solutions that harness advances in healthcare information, technology, analytics and human ingenuity to drive healthcare forward. Data Scientist – Plymouth Meeting, US Global Technology, Real-World & Analytics Solutions Job Description E360™: A revolutionary, scalable and extensible web-based platform for delivering Real-World Insights, that features the world’s largest unparalleled health data collection. To find out more about E360™, please watch the YouTube video here: http://bit.ly/2w2wlfh In a rapidly growing IT team, you as a Data Scientist will be playing a vital part in an agile Data Science team. The Data Science team consists of 8 people, where you will be involved in creating E360’s core health analytics software, further enhancing life sciences and healthcare research. What to expect Development of data science methods within a best practice software engineering framework using Python Working alongside other team members such as Product Owners and Software QA to write robust and scientifically credible data science routines Participating in Agile practices such as daily stands ups, sprint planning, sprint refinements, and retrospectives Working to fortnightly sprints and taking part in bi-weekly demos Very friendly and informal working environment Regular Innovation weeks – Where the data science and development teams are given the chance to work on their own projects and showcase their work at the end of the week Our ideal candidate will have; At least an MSc or PhD in Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics etc Experience in a commercial data science environment Experience of writing production quality code (not necessarily in a data science context) Understanding of full stack web development, ideally with some hands on experience Proven experience in a data science programming language (Python, R, SAS, Stata etc) Experience building statistical and machine learning models (linear regression, generalised linear models, random forest, k-nearest neighbours, support vector machines, etc) Experience manipulating small-medium sized datasets for analysis Bonus points for; Experience working in an agile development structure Experience analysing datasets in Python Experience of working with healthcare data Experience working with software development tools such (Git, JIRA etc) The Team The RWAS Technology & Data Science mission is to deliver world-class and globally scalable technology platforms and analytics applied to complex and large-scale clinical datasets, to support IQVIA's ongoing and rapid growth in RWAS Solutions, as well as the development of new product lines - this requires global leadership across technical and data architecture, software development and data visualization, privacy management, analytical methods, data science, machine learning, deep learning, and natural language processing (NLP) - building upon 100s of novel technologies and methods either published in peer-reviewed journals or patented by our team. The solutions are delivered to a variety of clients across life-science, government, payor or provider organizations. The CoE also curates the largest collection de-identified Real-World Data in the world, from different patient care settings in 18 countries worldwide – the RWAS Tech CoE is at the forefront of "Big Data" in healthcare. Through its mission and skills, the RWAS is transforming the way clients create new insights and deliver improved healthcare research and patient outcomes. Our E360™ software suite forms the core of our offering, providing an unprecedented single access point to a broad range of data. Why Join? Those who join us become part of a recognized global leader still willing to challenge the status quo to improve patient care. In RWAS, you will have access to the most cutting-edge technology, the largest data sets, the best analytics tools and, in our opinion, some of the finest minds in the Healthcare industry. You can drive your career at IQVIA and choose the path that best defines your development and success. With exposure across diverse geographies, capabilities, and vast therapeutic and information and technology areas, you can seek opportunities to change and grow without boundaries. IQVIA is an EEO Employer - Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Disabled' We know that meaningful results require not only the right approach but also the right people. Regardless of your role, we invite you to reimagine healthcare with us. You will have the opportunity to play an important part in helping our clients drive healthcare forward and ultimately improve human health outcomes. Whatever your career goals, we are here to ensure you get there! We invite you to join IQVIA™ Job ID: R1047435
