Minimum Required Skills: Data Science, Data Analytics/Analysis, Python, R, Data Modeling, Predictive Modeling, SQL/RDBMs (PostgreSQL/MySQL), AWS Redshift/AWS, Big Data (Spark/Kafka/Hadoop), Data Wrangling/Warehousing If you are a Data Scientist with 3+ years of experience modeling, analyzing large data-sets and proficient with Python, SQL, and R, please read on! Based in San Francisco, we are a leading analytics company measures the way media influences people to visit places. We are working with massive amounts of data...a few BILLION DATA POINTS A DAY!!!! The right candidate is a highly motivated, data scientist who is interested in improving our next generation online analytics platform. This is a great opportunity to have a huge impact on a small team and work directly with our CTO. If this sounds interesting to you, then apply ASAP! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Huge Impact on our company and product 2. Massive Growth 3. Employee What You Will Be Doing Working with our CTO, Data Engineers, Software Engineers, and Web Designers to enhance our current next-gen analytics platform What You Need for this Position Required: - 3+ years of Data Science (or Data Engineering) experience - Proficient with Python and R - Strong understanding of and ability to program with SQL - Experience with Relational Databases such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, etc. - Data Modeling and Analysis experience - Predictive Modeling experience - Experience with Red Shift and/or Amazon Web Services (AWS) - Experience with Vertica, Snowflake, BigQuery, or similar databases - Knowledge of Machine Learning and best practices Huge bonus points, but not required: - Experience with Python frameworks like Scikit-Learn, Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, NLK, etc. - Performance-Tuning Vertica databases - Experience with NoSQL databases - Experience with Scala, Java, or Golang (Go) What's In It for You - A competitive base salary depending on experience - Early Equity (Employee #19 as of right now) - Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life) - Bonus - Other perksSo, if this sounds like you, then please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
