Minimum Required Skills: Image Data (with Keras or Tensorflow), Machine Learning, Convolutional Neural Networks, Recurrent Neural Networks, Long Short-Term Memory Architectures, Python, SQL, sklearn, Computer Vision, Sequence Models If you are a Lead Data Scientist with experience, please read on! Top Reasons to Work with Us 1. Based in San Francisco, we are a thriving leader in the fashion industry. 2. Our company has been around for 7 years and we employ thousands of people. 3. You will get the chance to work on exciting projects with a talented team. What You Will Be Doing -Design and test machine learning models to create highly accurate systems used in operations. -Write production quality code. -Take ownership of key components, ensuring that they meet the needs of the business -Collaborate with senior management, product management, and other engineers in the development of product requirements for the company's software. -Mentor team members to build the company's overall expertise -Work to make our company an innovator in the space by bringing passion and new ideas to work every day. What You Need for this Position -A quantitative degree -4-6 years of experience in a similar role -Machine Learning on images experience--image recognition / image classification / image segmentation -4-6 years of machine learning experience with heavy focus on CNN & RNN/LSTM architectures -4-6 years of experience with github, working with cloud systems application hosting, file storage, etc -Fluency in Python & SQL -High degree of familiarity with: -TensorFlow/Keras & Sklearn -Computer Vision & Sequence Models -Experience working with data warehouses such as AWS Redshift or Google BigQuery -An in depth knowledge or project you can showcase your skills -Comfortable working in an environment where innovation and change are the norm. -A passion for building great products. NICE TO HAVE -E-commerce experience -Startup experience -Experience writing APIs for use in production -Recommendation engine experience -Pricing experience -Image similarity experience What's In It for You -Competitive base salary between $150k and $180k (we may go a bit higher for the right candidate) -401K matching -Health, dental and vision insurance -Commuter flex spending -Healthcare flex spending -Generous PTO -A mother's room -Flexible work hours -Friday bagelsSo, if you are a Lead Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
