Read what people are saying about working here. 
What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you’ll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter and more connected. We’re the world’s leading research and advisory company, achieving consistent double-digit growth by steering clients toward the right decisions with business and technology insights they can’t find anywhere else. Our associates enjoy a collaborative work environment, exceptional training and career development — as well as unlimited growth opportunities. If you like working with a curious, supportive, high-performing team, Gartner is the place for you.

This is a unique opportunity to join our fast-growing Data Platform team in the products organization and work with a group of data scientists, data engineers, product managers, and BI developers to drive significant business impact. This role is based out of our US headquarters in Stamford, Connecticut.

Your team focuses on leveraging data and analytics to innovatively bring better products to our clients in the technology industry. We are leveraging data science to improve our operations as an organization and to define and implement new business models and data-driven products. Your role specifically will be to apply data science with design thinking and lean product principles to define, design, and implement algorithms that are core to our business by setting the foundation for new products or processes.

Ideal candidate should want to deeply understand our client’s needs and be a champion for applying data science to improve the client experience. Come join us building something great!

Key responsibilities:

Given the broad areas that we are responsible for, you will likely to start with a domain but may get involved in other domains. A few potential projects you may get involved:

Applying Natural Language Processing to improve our ability to extract scalable insights from search queries or client questions

Using machine learning to develop self-correcting algorithms to improve our content recommendation engines

Using predictive modeling to develop forward-looking projections of client engagement and measure client risk

Using statistical analysis to measure the effectiveness of specific product campaigns

Leveraging design thinking, client input, and a “data science mindset” to identify, prioritize, and assess opportunities to leverage data science to deliver value to our clients

Qualifications:

1-3 years hands-on experience building predictive models, recommendation systems, and/or NLP/text mining tools.

Familiar with the foundational approaches to the major data science disciplines, such as data preparation, advanced statistics, machine learning, simulation, and natural language processing

Practical, intuitive problem solver with a demonstrated ability to translate business objectives into actionable data science tasks and translate quantitative analysis into actionable business strategies

Connections to the recommendations and / or information retrieval academic community

Experience and proficiency with various programming languages (e.g., Python), machine learning tools (e.g., scikit-learn), statistical packages (e.g., Scipy), SQL/relational databases (e.g., Oracle) and NoSQL databases (e.g., MongoDB, graph database), Linux and shell scripting

Bachelors in a quantitative research field (e.g., Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Physics, etc.).

As a leader in our organization, it is important that ideal candidate consistently exhibits the 5 core values of Gartner’s culture:

Integrity: Do the right thing. Objectivity: Be independent and unbiased in everything we do. No-limits mindset: See opportunities where others don't; never settle for the status quo. Collaboration: Work together in teams to accomplish more than what is possible individually.

Results: Execute consistently using global best practices

Job Requisition ID:32888

By submitting your information and application, you confirm that you have read and agree to the country or regional recruitment notice linked below applicable to your place of residence.

Gartner Applicant Privacy Link: https://jobs.gartner.com/applicant-privacy-policy

For efficient navigation through the application, please only use the back button within the application, not the back arrow within your browser.

 What makes Gartner a GREAT fit for you? When you join Gartner, you’ll be part of a fast-growing team that helps the world become smarter ...
