Read what people are saying about working here. 
At Nike we are always on the offense, and we are looking for skilled self-starters with a passion for advanced analytics to join our growing team. We are responsible for leveraging predictive and prescriptive metrics to enhance choice making and strengthen action against our strategic priorities, elevating the function of analytics within Nike.

As a Sr. Data Scientist, you will play a lead role on a team of cross-functional partners and analytics professionals to identify, scope, suggest new opportunities, and implement high-impact analytics projects. You will employ advanced data modeling and operations research techniques to prescribe actionable recommendations to drive value for Nike.

The role is perfect for a team player with excellent hands-on analytics experience, work ethic, and curiosity. You know how to rise above the numbers and explain the essential insights to business users, and you instinctively minimize complexity to focus on results. While you rely on data to prove your point, you love to think outside the box and resolve problems creatively. Your experience helps you prioritize and overcome blockers and guide the work of others on your team. You thrive in an entrepreneurial environment, and you are excited by the opportunity of developing something from the ground up. You ask questions, are continually learning as well as finding opportunities to share knowledge with others.

Qualifications

Advanced quantitative degree (Operations Research, Management Science, Industrial and Systems Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Computer Science, or related field). and at least 6 years of related industry experience or Bachelors degree and 7+ years related industry experience.

Supply chain planning and operations, E-commerce and store retail experience preferred.

Demonstrated excellent technical, analytical skill set to work with analytics toolkit (R, Python, SQL, Alteryx, AIMMS, Gurobi/CPLEX, AnyLogic, Hadoop, Amazon Web Services (AWS), SAS, Tableau, scheduling tools) on large data sets

Experience developing and maintaining predictive and/or prescriptive models in production at enterprise scale

Experience developing and running simulation, optimization, and what-if scenario planning tools to support decision making

Demonstrated ability to use data to guide decision making. Excellent project management capabilities to manage multiple project streams and complexity; propensity for thinking through projects in a process-oriented way is a plus

Demonstrated ability to sift through data, identify critical information, analyze, develop hypothesis and make recommendations to broader audience required

Demonstrated experience of working cross functionally to develop innovative solutions using advanced analytics

Prior experience synthesizing and packaging complex analyses and delivering results to non-technical audiences including senior leadership teams

Demonstrated understanding of the principles of experiment design & analysis

Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including ability to develop and deliver presentation

Familiarity with agile development methodology

Utilizes appropriate quality checks to ensure the results are sound

 NIKE, Inc. named for the Greek goddess of victory, is the world's leading designer, marketer, and distributor of authentic athletic footw...
