Read what people are saying about working here. 

Who We Are:

Twitter’s mission is to serve the public conversation. The Conversations Data Science team designs metrics, performs analyses, and runs experiments to better understand the public conversation happening on Twitter. We work cross functionally with a variety of teams ranging from Direct Messages to Timelines Ranking to facilitate data-driven decision making.

What You’ll Do:

As a data scientist on the Conversations team you will:

Find new ways of defining and measuring the public conversation on Twitter.

Partner closely with product and engineering teams to create and assess data driven product roadmaps.

Design, implement, and launch conversations related experiments and other analyses to understand how changes to the platform affect user behavior.

Communicate findings to executives and cross-functional teams.

Who You Are:

You are passionate about insights, not just data and methods. You are a strategic thinker and are able to synthesize technical concepts into actionable recommendations for a diverse audience.

You are rigorous and care about data quality and strive to understand surprising results and underlying mechanisms in your analyses.

You combine business acumen with detailed data knowledge and statistical expertise to ensure an accurate interpretation of results.

You have experience owning complex projects from start to finish.

You are excited to learn and apply new data analysis techniques and tools.

Requirements:

Masters or PhD involving quantitative data analysis or commensurate work experience.

Experience working with and analyzing large data sets to solve problems and answer business questions.

Strong knowledge of statistics and experimental design.

Extensive experience using SQL, R or Python for analysis, modeling and data visualization.

Experience with any of the following is a plus:

Scala, Java, C++

Hadoop technologies such as Spark, Scalding, and MapReduce

User facing production machine learning systems

Spark

We are committed to an inclusive and diverse Twitter. Twitter is an equal opportunity employer.

We do not discriminate based on race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, national origin, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any legally protected status.

San Francisco applicants: Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

 Twitter is an American online news and social networking service on which users post and interact with short messages known as tweets.  T...
