Minimum Required Skills: Data Analysis, Statistics, SQL, Matlab, SAS, Inventory Management, Pricing/Price Optimization, Supply Chain Management, Forecasting, Retail Experience If you are a Data Scientist with experience, please read on! What You Will Be Doing -Provide quantitative research, modeling, analysis and support for identifying business opportunities/issues and form hypotheses -Synthesize findings, prepare presentations and assist in presenting findings to all levels of management -Create revenue, inventory, price optimization models -Provide assistance needed to implement the recommendations -Identify and track the metrics to measure the success of a specific business opportunity -Manage projects or part of larger initiatives, including modeling, analysis, etc. What You Need for this Position Skills & abilities: -Proven ability to develop and apply analytic solutions to solve business problems -Ability to work both at a detail level as well as to summarize findings and extrapolate knowledge to make strong recommendations for change -Experience developing short and long term visions for solutions that have significant business impact -Demonstrated examples of working with business partners to deliver a solution that met objectives -Knowledge of inventory management, merchandising, pricing, supply chain management and optimization principles and concepts -Experience developing and working with inventory optimization, pricing and forecasting approaches for retail software or the retail industry -Ability to collaborate with cross-functional teams and work independently with minimal supervision Qualifications: - PhD in Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Management Science, or related field - 5+ years of professional experience - Hands-on experience with data analysis, statistical, optimization and simulation packages (SQL, MATLAB, SAS, etc.) is a must - Inventory management, pricing experience is highly desirable - Experience working for retailers is highly desirable - Ability to communicate effectively with cross-functional teams - Experienced at working with business process owners to understand the process impact What's In It for You - $140,000-$225,000 Base Salary (DOE) - Extensive 401(k) plan with 4% company matching - Employee stock purchase plan - Medical, dental, vision and life insurance - One of the most competitive PTO plans in the industry - Employees can take up to five on the clock hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice - Employees can apply for tuition reimbursement - Family care programs - Commuter benefits - Pet Discount Program - Employee DiscountsSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
