Title: Data Scientist Lead     Mandatory skills:   analytics database management statistical analysis SQL, Hadoop Tableau Power BI. R,Python Data analysis, Data Visualization, Dashboard,Data sets,Analyze,Designs, develops, programs methods, processes, product enhancement,big data, insights,findings,experiments, Develop, codes, software programs, algorithms,automated processes, cleanse, integrate, evaluate,Data cleansing,Data integration,unstructured, metadata sources,/ database management, Bachelor, BS, BBA, analytics, database management, statistical analysis,       Job Description:   Designs, develops and programs methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze unstructured, diverse “big data” sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement. Interacts with product and service teams to identify questions and issues for data analysis and experiments. Develops and codes software programs, algorithms and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate large datasets from multiple disparate sources. Identifies meaningful insights from large data and metadata sources; interprets and communicates insights and findings from analysis and experiments to product, service, and business managers Education requirement: Bachelor’s degree and at least 2 years of analytics / database management experience OR At least 5 years of analytics or statistical analysis experience Required/Preferred Certifications: Experience with SQL, Hadoop environment, Tableau or Power BI. R and Python would be a plus.                 VIVA USA is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a professional working environment that is free from discrimination and unlawful harassment. The Management, contractors, and staff of VIVA USA shall respect others without regard to race, sex, religion, age, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, physical, mental or sensory disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era, recently separated veteran, Active war time or campaign badge veteran, Armed forces service medal veteran, or disabled veteran. Please contact us at hr@viva-it.com for any complaints, comments and suggestions. Please send your resumes to "staffing10@viva-it.com" and one of our recruiter will get in touch with you.     Contact Details:   Recruiter name: Christy Jenoviya D ,Phone No:(847) 368-0860 Extn: 251,Email: staffing10@viva-it.com Recruiter name: Sangeetha ,Phone No:(847) 368-0860 Extn: 306,Email: staffing10@viva-it.com   VIVA USA INC. 3601 Algonquin Road, Suite 425 Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 staffing10@viva-it.com | http://www.viva-it.com
