Read what people are saying about working here. 

RESPONSIBILITIES

Responsible for modeling complex problems, discovering insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques.

ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES

Work on complex, cross-functional research or analytical projects leveraging advanced computational algorithms.

Develop custom algorithms for solving complex real estate business problems across a wealth of structured and unstructured data across multiple data sources.

Use relevant knowledge of computer science fundamentals, distributed computing, and machine learning to help build scalable analytical solutions.

Develop data structures and pipelines to organize, collect, cleanse and standardize data that helps to generate insights that feed global corporate strategy

Define data requirements and gather and validate formation, applying judgment and statistical tests.

Work closely with data warehouse architects and software developers to empower our lines of businesses with robust business intelligence.

Utilizes programming and analytical tools, including open source programs including Python, R and SAS, SQL, Oracle, or similar relational database tools to formulate models and/or extract insights. Well versed in knowledge of creating algorithms, identifying patterns and insights from structured and unstructured data sets utilizing graphs, trees and/or other data representation techniques as required.

Exhibits analytical rigor, judgment, and ability to present a comprehensive 'data story' to multiple levels of the organization.

Is well versed in data visualization techniques.

Other Duties as Assigned.

SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES

No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. May provide informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and/or project.

QUALIFICATIONS

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE

Masters or Ph.D. degree from top tier school in computer science, engineering, applied math or related degree. Typically has 3-4 years of experience in statistical analysis, data engineering, and data visualization. Consideration given to equivalent combination of education and experience.

CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES

Data Scientist Certification or equivalent combination of experience and/or education.

COMMUNICATION SKILLS

Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information.

FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE

Requires knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and/or commissions. Conducts basic financial analysis.

REASONING ABILITY

Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires intermediate analytical and quantitative skills.

OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES

Proficiency in data science algorithms including decision trees, probability networks, association rules, clustering, regression, and neural networks.

Knowledge of NLP, text analytics, shell scripting and experience coding in Python/Pandas, R, Java or similar languages.

Knowledge of data modeling, relational database ols, data warehousing, database architecture, and SQL, SAS and/or SPSS.

SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY

Decisions made with understanding of procedures and company policies to achieve set results and deadlines. Responsible for setting own project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to co-workers and supervisor.

 CBRE is the global leader in real estate services. Each year, we complete thousands of successful assignments - with clients from the gam...
