Apex Systems has an immediate need for a Data Scientist / Senior Data Engineer for our direct client in Philadelphia, PA. We are looking for a data scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. The project will be focusing on building a new engine for our vast amount of data, replacing an over-used and older model.  Modeling will be essential. For immediate consideration please email Jason Biser ([Click Here to Email Your Resumé]) and Travis Cooper ([Click Here to Email Your Resumé]) and one of us will be in touch right away.   Title: Data Scientist / Senior Data Engineer Location: Philadelphia, PA Responsibilities Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Skills and Qualifications Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, Python is preferred Great communication skills Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig Hadoop architecture is preferred Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills Data-oriented personality Jason Biser Application Delivery Lead Apex Systems [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
