Job Title: Data Scientist 145316 Duration: 12 Month Contract with chance for extension (W2 USC/Greencard/EAD ONLY - no C2C allowed) Location: Charlotte, NC - Must sit on-site Pay: 60/hr To apply: Please email your resume in Word Format to Erica Johnson at and reference Job Order: 145316 or Click the Apply Button. Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3) seeks a Data Scientist for a long term contract at one of the nation's top energy corporations. This position requires that the selected candidate be located in Charlotte, NC. Role Description: We are looking for a professional with experience in both data analytics and business administration. The successful applicant will serve as the liaison between the functional/business team and the software developers that build the analytics solutions. The ideal candidate for this position is detail-oriented, self-motivated, and an excellent communicator. He or she will also be responsible for translating business needs to analytics solutions, and vice versa, with current programs, projects, and initiatives in mind. Responsibilities: Evaluating business processes, eliciting business requirements, uncovering areas for improvement and solving complex business problems Uses data-mining techniques to collect and compile data from a wide variety of data repositories Define data collection and analysis requirements and establish adequate business understanding to provide effective analysis Documenting and communicating the results of your efforts and assist with creating training documentation and job-aids Develops visualizations of data to effectively communicate findings to management and key stakeholders Implements and maintains predictive and statistical models to identify business opportunities Assume responsibility for project tasks and ensure they are completed in a timely fashion Support ad-hoc SQL query requests from business and power users against SAP Web IDE Minimum Qualifications: 2 or more years of advanced analytics, modeling, and/or data mining experience that directly aligns with the specific responsibilities of this position Proficiency with R or Python Expert at SQL/PL-SQL to manipulate data and draw insights Knowledge of data mining including the utilization of third party data sources Data transformation skills and knowledge of big data platforms (e.g. Spark, Hadoop) Hands-on experience applying statistical machine learning techniques on structured and unstructured data Demonstrates strong interpersonal skills with a collaborative style Proficiency with Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook) Preferred Qualifications: 2-3 years of experience on the SAP HANA Platform and HANA PAL Marketing or customer experience functions and processes Experience with the SAP ISU Billing or Hybris Commerce Hands-on experience in machine learning techniques on unstructured data $$ WE OFFER A REFERRAL FEE FOR ANYONE REFERRED & HIRED WITH S3! $$ Strategic Staffing Solutions (S3), based in Detroit, Michigan, prides itself on being an international, woman-owned, $260 million IT and Business Services Corporation. We are ranked 16th among the largest staffing firms in the US by Staffing Industry Report and are one of five companies nationally certified as a Charter Partner with Staffing Industry Analysts. S3 provides IT consulting, customized project solutions, vendor management programs and executive search services to financial institutions, insurance, energy, oil/gas, telecommunication, government, retail and health care industries worldwide. We have more than 2,700 consultants and 31 offices in the US and Europe.S3 is also proud to be nationally recognized as both a Military Friendly and Military Spouse Friendly Employer. As an S3 employee, you're eligible for a full benefits package which may include: Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401(k) Plan, Vacation Package, Life & Disability Insurance Plans, Flexible Spending Accounts, and Tuition Reimbursement. The global mission of S3 is to build trusting relationships and deliver solutions that positively impact our customers, our consultants, and our communities. The four pillars of our company are to: Set the bar high for what a company should do, Create jobs, Offer people an opportunity to succeed and change their station in life, and improve the communities where we live and work through volunteering and charitable giving. *CA-EJ
