Read what people are saying about working here. 

Amgen is a biotechnology pioneer since 1980 committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses in areas of high unmet medical need by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology. Amgen has grown to be one of the world’s leading independent biotechnology companies operating in over 100 countries, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential. With its collaborative and respectful culture, Amgen cherishes being science-based as a top value and provides an environment for purposeful work to dramatically improve health outcomes and people’s lives.

Amgen is seeking early career Data Scientists to play a major role in accelerating capabilities in the entire Data Science landscape across all geographies and business functions including Research & Development, Operations, Global Commercial Operations, and Information Systems. This is a great opportunity to help shape Amgen's rapidly evolving Data Science capabilities in the golden age of biotechnology and no prior biotechnology experience is required! As a rotational program member, you will gain first-hand experience solving some of the most challenging problems facing the biotech industry today. This two-year rotation program will expose you to four different business areas and you will be introduced to the many nuances and complexities of our organization. You will use your Data Science expertise to identify business problems and to solve them by using various numerical techniques, algorithms, and models in Machine Learning, Statistics, Optimization, and Simulation. You will be encouraged to think creatively and independently to influence and drive decision-making. You will also be given the opportunity to work in cross-functional teams that include key internal and external partners across the business. If you are excited about making history at a top biotechnology company with top talent, top culture and top benefits, Amgen is interested in partnering with you.

Responsibilities of the Data Scientist include:

Applying Data Science expertise to develop models and algorithms, to perform exploratory research, and to collaborate with engineers as well as fellow data scientists to productize data science solutions.

Operating as a technical consultant for the internal business stakeholders on high impact initiatives to enhance data-informed decision making.

Participating in cross-functional initiatives across business functions to build impactful and scalable Data Science solutions.

Basic Qualifications:

Doctorate degree

OR

Master’s degree and 3 years of Data Science and/or Applied Math and/or Statistics experience

Preferred Qualifications:

A Ph.D. degree in a quantitative field such as Operations Research, Statistics, Math, Physics, Quantitative Finance, Computer Science or a related Engineering degree.

5+ years of experience in building models and developing algorithms for machine learning, statistics, optimization, and/or simulation in the industry and/or academia.

5+ years of experience in managing and analyzing large scale structured and unstructured data using R and/or Python.

5+ years of experience in data processing and curating.

5+ years of experience in building Data Science solutions as part of a product team with data engineers, software engineers, and product managers.

Fluency in an object-oriented programming language (such as C++ or Java).

Exposure to enterprise-wide application development life-cycle.

Experience in working directly with or in support of diverse business functions.

Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status.
 If you’re seeking a career where you can truly make a difference in the lives of others, a career where you can work at the absolute fore...
