Read what people are saying about working here. 

We are seeking a talented individual for a Data Scientist I who is mainly responsible for responding to questions from internal clients, and providing insights gathered from the data after data onboarding. The Data will work closely with business users, product owners, and others in the organization to clearly define problems and articulate questions. The incumbent would accurately answer those questions from the data and perform complex analysis to generate models that could provide potential solutions. The incumbent must be able to clearly communicate the results to non-technical users and be detail-oriented. The incumbent is also responsible in maintaining a reputation for quality and trustworthiness.

Qualifications : Responsibilities, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:

Use the scientific method to design and conduct experiments

Become a subject matter expert in healthcare data

Employ software development best practices

Build descriptive and predictive models

Present findings in a clear and compelling manner

Collaborate within the data science and analytics group, and with other business units

Understanding of probability and statistics

Aptitude for high-level programming that can be demonstrated

An understanding of relation databases and the ability to query them

Experience with a modern scripting language such as Python or PHP

Experience wrangling and analyzing data in R, SAS, or Python

Experience with at least one machine learning package/framework such as scikit-learn or TensorFlow

Work Conditions and Physical Demands

Primarily sedentary work in a general office environment

Ability to communicate and exchange information

Ability to comprehend and interpret documents and data

Requires occasional standing, walking, lifting, and moving objects (up to 10 lbs.)

Requires manual dexterity to use computer, telephone and peripherals

May be required to work extended hours for special business needs

May be required to travel at least 10% of time based on business needs

Minimum Education:

Bachelor’s Degree in CS, Statistics, Applied Mathematics or relevant major preferred

Minimum Related Work Experience:

2+ years of work experience in a data analytics role required

2+ years of experience with SQL preferred

2+ years of experience with R or Python preferred

Working experience with BI and visualization tools

Experience identifying data quality issues and working with data engineer to resolve issues

Nothing in this job description restricts management’s right to assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time.

Job Posting : Feb 12, 2019, 4:20:49 PM

Work Locations : USA-Texas-TX-Remote

 HMS advances the healthcare system by helping payers reduce costs and improve health outcomes. Through our industry-leading technology, a...
