Read what people are saying about working here. 

Overview

Who We Are

The driving force behind our success has always been the people of AspenTech. Founded more than 30 years ago by the best and brightest engineers at MIT, we continue to tackle the most complex process manufacturing challenges. Our aspenONE software enables our customers to achieve operational excellence by increasing capacity, improving margins, and reducing costs, while becoming more energy efficient, ensuring safety, and shrinking their carbon footprint. This is a place where people are fiercely passionate about technology and have a desire to make a difference through the application of engineering and software technologies to solve real business problems.

The Role

As a Data Scientist in our rapidly growing Technology Group, you will create innovative solutions for understanding data patterns and relationships in chemical process applications. We are looking for sharp, disciplined, and highly quantitative individuals who have a passion for playing with data, in all its forms, including data mining, mathematical modeling, cognitive computing and expert systems. You will leverage your skills and passion for Machine Learning, AI and Cognitive Computing to drive AspenTech’s Asset Optimization strategy by developing groundbreaking software solutions for modeling and analytics of process manufacturing.

Responsibilities

Your Impact

Design and develop new machine learning and cognitive computing applications for the chemicals and refining industries

Collaborate with customers, product managers, designers and developers to understand customer needs and translate them into product requirements and specifications

Investigate new and developing technologies as they appear in industry and academia and determine how to leverage these new technologies into our software applications

Qualifications

What You’ll Need

Bachelor’s in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related major; Master’s or PhD preferred

2+ years of experience in data analysis and software development/programming

Experience with C++, C#, Python

Experience with time series analysis, predictive modeling, machine learning algorithms, data mining, cognitive computing, natural language processing

Familiarity with big data and cloud technologies

Familiarity with chemical engineering or related fields is a big plus

Problem-solving ability and attention to details

Excellent interpersonal, communication, writing, and presentation skills

Demonstrated ability to convey complex information in a clear and concise manner

EEO Statement

AspenTech is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status or any other basis protected by federal, state, or local law.
