Minimum Required Skills: Python, Machine Learning, Tensorflow, scikit-learn, PyTorch, IR Tools, Recommender Systems Our AI-powered knowledge base brings companies into the future of automation and insights. Our platform uses machine learning to surface relevant information in the right context, keeps regularly changing information up-to-date, and delivers it through chat, email or intranet. We are also the creator of the BotChain, a ?decentralized? ?bot? ?registration,? ?identification,? ?communication,? ?and? ?audit platform? ?built? ?on? ?the? ?Ethereum? ?blockchain? ?and? ?focused? ?on? ?businesses enabling the future of workplace automation and communications What You Will Be Doing As a member of our data science team, you will be responsible for data-driven improvements to our natural language processing models. You will work to improve our knowledge creation, management, and delivery technologies. You will: - Clean, annotate, and analyze textual data from both structured and unstructured sources - Contribute to the machine learning models powering customer-facing products - Participate and present in research discussions around current methods and techniques - Work with engineers to implement and deploy model updates to production systems What You Need for this Position - Demonstrated experience with machine learning methods and techniques - Experience with Python - Familiarity with data analysis and visualization - Experience with algorithms, data structures, and numerical computation - Experience with natural language processing What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - VisionSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
