    We are looking for a Data Scientist who will support our analytics and marketing teams by analyzing click stream data and helping create a system for anomaly detection and propensity models. The ideal candidate is adept at data mining/data analysis methods of very large data sets using a variety of data tools. The ideal candidate should be capable of building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations. They must be comfortable working with a wide range of stakeholders and functional teams to create solutions that will be usable across many organizations.   Responsibilities for Data Scientist   Develop methods to create ongoing anomaly detection with click streamdata. Develop methods to create propensity models with click streamdata. Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities forleveraging click streamdata. Mine and analyze data from multiple sources including database and real timestreaming. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of data sources and data gatheringtechniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to datasets. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitoroutcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and dataaccuracy.   Qualifications for Data Scientist   Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on productdevelopment. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, Java, etc.) tomanipulate data and draw insights from large datasets. Experience working with and creating dataarchitectures. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision treelearning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-worldadvantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience withapplications. A drive to learn and master new technologies andtechniques.   We’re looking for someone with 5-7+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a BS or higher in Statistics, Mathematics, ComputerScience or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software/tools or their functionalequivalent: Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: Java, R, Python,SQL Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques:Anomaly detection, propensity modeling,etc. Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: Java,R, Python, SLQ,etc. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees,neural networks, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: BusinessObjects, Tableau, D3, chart.js,etc.
