Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Description

At Wells Fargo, we have one goal: to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them achieve their dreams. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Audit Services conducts audits and reports the results of our work to the Audit & Examinations Committee of the Board of Directors. We provide independent, objective assurance and consulting services delivered through a highly competent and diverse team. As a business partner, Audit helps the Company accomplish its objectives by bringing a systematic disciplined approach to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes.

Wells Fargo Audit Services (WFAS) has an opening for a Data Scientist on the Visual Analytics & Internal Reporting (VAIR). VAIR is part of the Strategy and Operations Group (SAOG). The Strategy and Operations Group (SAOG) supports the entire audit division providing enhancements and building processes to gain efficiencies and managing all operational aspects of WFAS. VAIR is responsible for providing internal reporting for our audit teams and WFAS leadership groups to leverage as they perform audit activities as well as analytic insights to drive dynamic strategic planning. VAIR reporting includes metrics and dashboards that support audit plan and engagement level status, issue management, time reporting, budget reporting, and many other aspects related to the operations of audit services.

This position will be responsible for the following:

Developing data driven analytics capabilities to identify anomalies, outliers, emerging trends and risks.

Responsible for delivering thoughtful and insightful contributions to audit services core strategic work by utilizing data analysis methodologies/tools.

Developing visual analytics and reporting tools using Tableau or other BI tools.

Navigating complex databases to locate, extract, validate, and format data for analysis and presentation.

Leading all phases of analytics development from identification of business requirements through publication.

Sharing and coaching techniques and usability of visual analytics and internal reporting solutions with WFAS team members and leadership.

Partnering with SAOG Technology Solutions team as needed to support data mart development.

Partnering with key stakeholders from each audit group to ensure development priorities are in alignment with audience needs and feedback is incorporated into existing reporting.

Required Qualifications

6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling

Desired Qualifications

Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis

Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy

Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Knowledge and understanding of audit methodologies and tools that support audit processes

Ability to work effectively in a team environment and across all organizational levels, where flexibility, collaboration, and adaptability are important

Solid problem solving skills

Ability to lead projects/initiatives with high risk and complexity

Ability to develop operational reporting and performing complex data analysis

Strong organizational, multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills

Other Desired Qualifications

4+ years of SQL experience in Oracle, Teradata and SQL Server.

3+ years’ experience with at least one of the following programming/computing software: Python, R, SSRS/Visual Basic or SAS.

3+ years of Tableau or other BI tools experience.

Utilize a strong technical, analytical skillset (SAS, SQL, R, SSRS/Visual Basic, Tableau) to navigate multiple data sources in order to extract the data necessary to perform complex analyses.

Familiarity with Predictive Modeling, Statistical Analysis, Text Mining, Data Mining, and other advanced analytical techniques to collect, explore, and extract insights from structured and unstructured data, and ability to think outside the box.

Job Expectations

Ability to travel up to 10% of the time

Street Address

NC-Charlotte: 1525 W Wt Harris Blvd - Charlotte, NC

NC-Charlotte: 301 S College St - Charlotte, NC

CO-Denver: 1700 Lincoln St - Denver, CO

IA-West Des Moines: 1776 Westlakes Pkwy - West Des Moines, IA

MN-Minneapolis: 600 S 4th St - Minneapolis, MN

AZ-PHX-Central Phoenix: 100 W Washington St - Phoenix, AZ

PA-Philadelphia: 1 S Broad St - Philadelphia, PA

TX-San Antonio: 4101 Wiseman Blvd - San Antonio, TX

MO-Saint Louis: 1 N Jefferson Ave - Saint Louis, MO

CA-SF-Financial District: 420 Montgomery - San Francisco, CA

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.

Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.

 Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a nationwide, diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. ...
