TEKsystems is looking for an experienced Data Scientist with one of the world's leading IT integrators! Top 3 Skills: Active TS/SCI clearance (Top Secret may be considered) Programming experience with Python to develop complex scientific and numeric applications, data analysis, and visualization. Familiarity with remote sensing/GIS applications Other Qualifications: C++ Matlab 12+ years of experience (can be a combination of education and experience) Job Description: Designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including imagery and big data sources. Develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, querying and automated processes to cleanse, integrate and evaluate data-sets and models complex business problems. Is familiar with disciplines such as Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, Predictive modeling, Statistical Analysis and Hypothesis testing. Works with cross-discipline teams in order to ensure connectivity between various databases and systems. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
