Willingness to travel 80%   Data Scientist – CX (EM Level) A data scientist is someone who makes value out of data. Such a person proactively fetches information from various sources and analyzes it for better understanding about how the business performs and makes recommendations for the future. A data scientist in this role will help discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help make smarter decisions to deliver better customer experience.  A Data Scientist’s primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems for providing solutions to enhance the Customer Experience Capabilities of our customers. Responsibilities • Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. • Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. • Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. • Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques • Data mining using state-of-the-art methods • Extending available data with third party sources of information when needed • Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems • Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis • Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner • Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Qualifications • Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Technical Science with 10+years of Functional/Business Data expertise (preferably in Sales, Marketing and Services areas) • Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. • Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc  • Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. • Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig etc. • Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase etc. • Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. • Good scripting and programming skills • Data-oriented personality • Great communication skills • Functional Experience with Customer Analytics/ 360 Degree View of Customer                                                                                                                                                          Willingness to travel 80%  
