Job Summary/Company: Are you a talented, data-focused individual with a heavy mathematical and statistical background? Do you want to work on problems ranging from data mining to model building to process development? If you have a variety of skills including statistics, programming, and communication then think about applying to be a senior data scientist today! You will be a lead on projects and perform technical analysis providing data and trend-based insights to customers. If you have experience analyzing machine and human learning patterns and creating turnkey algorithms to productize such analytical metrics, reach out to one of our recruiters today to discuss this opportunity!  Responsibilities: Solve a variety of problems through data science techniques and prototype new techniques in support of project needs Identify processes for automation Deliver projects to support client needs in a timely and professional manner Manipulate large relational databases in MySQL and other versions Conduct text analytics on large sets of unstructured text Build conceptual and statistical models for data derivation and present findings and research as requested at conferences Qualifications/Background Profile: Position requires familiarity with structured and unstructured data storage systems, and prefers experience working in HBASE or Cassandra  Position requires experience with processing text data for text analytics Position requires expertise in mining, processing, interpreting, and correlating data  Position requires experience with Python or R Position requires an advanced degree in an analytical or technical field Position requires a Top-Secret clearance This is a direct hire opportunity with a great salary, benefits, and growth opportunity! If selected for the role our client will sponsor the appropriate clearance. Applicants with active clearances will receive priority consideration.  Qualified candidates should send their resume AND call Sparks Group for additional details. Please note, resume must include a valid email address in order to be considered. We look forward to discussing your background, your current job search, and your potential career path with Sparks Group! Sparks Group is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, pregnancy, citizenship, family status, genetic information, disability, or protect veteran status.
