Hi, This is Tarun from Orabase Solutions please check the job description below and send me your resume if you are ok with it. Thank you Job Title: - Data Scientist Location: - Irving, TX Duration: - 12+ Months Visa:-ANY As a Part of VZ Data Analytics Team, position is responsible for developing enablement strategies for effective data analysis and reporting. Selects, configures and implements analytical solutions, develops and implements data analytics, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Identifies, analyzes, and interprets trends or patterns in complex data sets. Monitors performance and quality control plan to identify performance. Works on problems of moderate and varied complexity where analysis of data may require adaptation of standardized practices. Works with management to prioritize business and information needs. JOB DUTIES: Candidate needs to accomplish end-to-end build of the Real-time pipeline to enable insight generation for executive and channels to take proactive action on time. MUST HAVE SKILLS: Experience in Design and build of the infrastructure for data extraction, preparation, and loading of data from a variety of sources using technology such as Non -SQL and Big data. Experience in Building data and analytics tools that will offer deeper insight into the pipeline, allowing for critical discoveries surrounding key performance indicators and customer activity Must be agile for greater efficiency across all of our company data systems. Experience Initiating and participating in projects in the area of prediction, optimization, and processes using advanced statistical/mathematical approaches, in the enterprise environment. Experience in Identifying valuable data sources and automate collection processes. Experience in Undertaking and preprocessing of structured and unstructured data. Experience in Analyzing large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns. Experience in Programming languages, Tools and Technologies like Hive/Kafka/Spark/NiFI/ELK/ Python/ Tensor Flow. Experience working with Informatica Power Center and UNIX would be a plus. Thanks & Regards, Tarun ! Sr. IT Recruiter Orabase Solutions LLC. Contact by E-mail:tarun.e@orabasesolutions.com Contact by Phone: 972-968-8705 (D)|www.orabasesolutions.com| E-Verified Company
