Read what people are saying about working here. 

CAREER DESCRIPTION

Job Description

As a Senior Data Scientist at Advance Auto Parts, you will have an opportunity to disrupt a $100B auto parts industry to bring better and faster solutions to customers. You will be responsible for analyzing billions of transactions to find patterns that will help improve our company and build data products to extract valuable business insights. You will be part of an elite data science function to help the organization live its mission of Advancing a World in Motion.

 Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.

Identify and implement strategies to leverage valuable data sources across display, search, social, and other digital channels.

Collect, analyze, and interpret information from multiple data sources identifying actionable insights that create efficiencies and generate revenue.

Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms for second-level analytics.

Develop reports and or presentations leveraging data visualization tools that clearly and concisely communicate analytical findings and recommendations to key stakeholders.

Analyze customer, transaction, and campaign data to identify trends and patterns in marketing campaign performance and or customer behavior.

Conduct digital channel analysis to understand traffic and revenue drivers, both in-store and on-line. Leverage analytical tools (SQL, SAS, Tableau) and data mining techniques to perform advanced data manipulation and extract insights from large databases.

Maintain knowledge and stays abreast of developments in the field of data science. Support ad hoc analytic need as requested.

Required Qualifications

 2+ years experience as a Data Scientist or Business Analyst

 2+ years experience with a data science programming language (e.g. R, SAS, SPSS, andor Python)

 2+ years experience using data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, d3.js) Deep understanding of relational databases and experience with data mining Experience with data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop)

 5+ years experience as a Data Scientist or Business Analyst Experience with machine learning.

 Bachelors Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering or other relevant discipline Preferred Qualifications Masters Degree or PhD in Data Science or another quantitative field

 Founded in 1932, Advance Auto Parts today is the largest retail provider of automotive replacement parts and accessories. Arthur Taubman ...
