Job Summary

AllianceBernstein’s Request for Proposal Data Team is in search of a Data Associate to support new business development and client service efforts globally through ensuring proper maintenance and quarterly reporting to investment consultant, financial intermediaries and third-party databases on our separately-managed Institutional services, US mutual funds, Lux funds and Retail separately-managed account services. In addition, the RFP Data Associate supports the RFP team by completing the quantitative portions of RFPs, RFIs, and due diligence questionnaires. AllianceBernstein leverages an external business partner to outsource standard database reporting.

The position reports directly to the RFP Data Team manager supporting the Institutional, and Retail sales advisors, consultant relations directors, and associates globally. This position is located in our Nashville office.

Job Description

Specific responsibilities include but are not limited to:
Ensure the accurate and timely dissemination of information to the investment consultant community, keeping them up to date on the firm and the firm’s investment services by completing monthly, quarterly, ad hoc requests, and database questionnaires.
Respond to specific search opportunities primarily through investment consultant and third-party databases, liaising with RFP writers, and associates to execute our best proposal.
Help support our remote team in India with query resolution, work with remote team in India on monthly/quarterly requests and RFPs/DDQs.
Complete monthly or quarterly recurring DDQs and RFIs for investment consultants and other intermediaries.
Work with Data Team Head on special projects and updating of monthly/quarterly information in the RFP database.
Run various analytical reports from internal systems to support senior members of the NY team.
Job Qualifications & Key Attributes

The ideal candidate should have:
Detail-oriented with excellent project management and organizational skills; able to prioritize work and handle multiple tasks to ensure that complex projects are completed by deadline, with interim review steps incorporated.
Strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to work independently and as part of a team in a large global organization.
Highly motivated self-starter.
Demonstrated initiative and good judgment as well as the ability to work well under pressure and with time constraints.
Familiarity with the investment consultant community is preferred.
Vacation requests can be limited during peak reporting periods (April, July, October, January); overtime may be required during peak periods.
Advanced level of proficiency in Microsoft Excel and possess the ability to quickly master internal systems and applications. Proficiency in VBA preferred
College education required. 5-7 years of financial service experience is required.
Location: Nashville, TN

About AllianceBernstein

AllianceBernstein (AB) is a leading global investment-management firm that offers high-quality research and diversified investment services to institutional investors, financial intermediaries and private-wealth clients in major global markets. Our client base includes some of the world’s leading institutions as well as private-wealth clients and retail investors. We maintain research, portfolio-management, wealth-management and client-service offices around the world, reflecting our global capabilities and the needs of our clients. Partnering closely with clients, our research and portfolio-management teams collaborate across asset classes, regions, sectors and investment strategies to spark new thinking and deliver superior outcomes. We foster an inclusive environment that offers opportunities for team members to continually learn, develop their skills and take on new challenges to progress in their careers.

Client Group Overview

The Client Group has a presence in the Americas, Europe, Asia and Australia, and is composed of five main areas:
Sales, Consultant Relations & Client Services works with financial intermediaries, consultants and institutions to offer diversified investment solutions that help clients build and preserve their wealth
Business Development is a conduit to the firm’s investment teams and supports our clients and internal business partners through investment-platform and product content, messaging, competitive analysis and education
Product Strategy & Development designs, develops and manages the firm’s global lineup of investment services, and considers clients’ evolving needs to identify new opportunities
Marketing promotes the firm and its services by creating, packaging and distributing content and messaging to engage diverse audiences through digital platforms and initiatives, strategic campaigns and events
Business Transformation looks to evolve and scale our business, leveraging digital and data, to drive top-line growth and improve profitability
AllianceBernstein is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate based race, color, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, sexual orientation or citizenship status.

Nashville, Tennessee
