Read what people are saying about working here. 

About this Job

We are looking for data scientists with good background in math/engineering to design and implement new data exploration techniques for real healthcare environments.

Come join us!

The Medical Analytics Group at Massachusetts General Hospital delivers data-driven process improvement solutions to increase hospital efficiency and improve patients’ experiences. Our projects combine big data analysis with application development. Our work ensures no patients are left behind at any step of the imaging process, from the time the patient schedules their exam to the time their findings report is written and delivered.

We are seeking to expand our team and are hiring individuals with strong problem solving and programming skills. Our ideal candidates are smart, creative, analytical thinkers with attention to detail. They are able to use their analytical skills to identify areas of improvement and their programming skills to develop applications to implement solutions. Strong communication skills are required to work with hospital staff and management to bring solutions into the clinical environment.

Work in the Medical Analytics Group is diverse and fast paced. Our recent projects have included designing nonlinear/AI models for predicting and optimizing clinical workflow, developing indoor tracking solutions for patient localization, performing complex clinical data analyses, developing new pattern-recognition algorithms. Read more at http://mag.mgh.harvard.edu.

Qualifications

Required:

Data analysis algorithms (modeling, forecasting) and programming using Matab, R, or Python

Knowledge of machine-learning principles

Knowledge of statistics and theory of probabilities

Knowledge of C, C++, or Java programming

Strong verbal and written communication skills

Preferred:

Familiarity with SQL programming

Practical knowledge of numerical optimization algorithms

Master's Degree required in Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Math, or related quantitative discipline. Doctoral degree preferred

EEO Statement

Massachusetts General Hospital is an Equal Opportunity Employer. By embracing diverse skills, perspectives and ideas, we choose to lead. Applications from protected veterans and individuals with disabilities are strongly encouraged.

Primary Location: MA-Boston-175 Cambridge - MGH

Work Locations: 175 Cambridge - MGH 175 Cambridge Street Boston 02114

Job: Other

Organization: Massachusetts General Hospital(MGH)

Schedule: Full-time

Standard Hours: 40

Shift: Day Job

Employee Status: Regular

Recruiting Department: MGH Radiology Research

Job Posting: Feb 14, 2019

 Founded in 1811, Massachusetts General Hospital is the third oldest general hospital in the United States and the oldest and largest in N...
