Job Title:                    Mobile Solutions Specialist (Data Scientist) Location:                     Washington, DC Program:                    USAID – Global Development Lab US Citizen:                 Yes Security Clearance:   Active Secret Clearance     Apprio is an innovator of specialized technology and program solutions for the federal health, defense, and homeland security markets. The company provides services in technology transformation, organizational excellence, health IT & solutions, emergency response management, and international development. Apprio delivers the methodologies, discipline and expertise provided by the large integrators, with the cost structure and collaboration offered by smaller firms.  Year after year we’ve grown by 50% or more due to our holistic approach in delivering solutions, thought-leadership, and synergistic teams to address our client’s needs. Job Description: Apprio is seeking an experienced Mobile Solutions Specialist to support our fully funded contract with USAID. The Mobile Solutions Specialist is responsible for working with other technical advisors to determine appropriate, context-relevant roles for emerging technologies in addressing priority development challenges and enhancing the Agency’s capacity to responsibly integrate emerging analytical methods into routine decision making.     Responsibilities: ·        Assembles, analyzes, and communicates original analysis regarding potential roles for emergent approaches and technologies in international development programming. ·        Cultivates relationships and coordinates with other Bureaus, Missions, and other partners to ensure alignment with emergent analytical methods (e.g. machine learning) to support USAID programs within and external to the Agency. ·        Coordinating and Applying data science techniques to help address international development and humanitarian challenges. ·        Facilitate discussion among Key USAID stakeholders to articulate a vision and plan for responsible integration of emerging technologies and novel data science approaches into planning, delivering and assessing development programs. ·        Test emerging technologies abilities to analysis, process and manage the data from a range of sources for improved decision making. ·        Collaborate with colleagues within relevant pillar and regional bureaus and missions in order to reflect the broader agency needs and requirements within emerging partnerships. Consults as needed with other federal agencies to identify synergies and areas of further leverage. ·        In coordination with knowledge management and communications staff and experts, prepares or coordinates preparation of reports, briefings, conferences, publications, training, and other means of promoting wide understanding of improved knowledge and methods. ·        Assists in development of materials to facilitate the creation of technical and non-technical strategic guidance to keep missions and team members coordinated on various analytical and mobile solutions best practices. ·        Performs a variety of other duties related to special projects involving administrative or program issues. Special projects include research of mobile solutions currently ongoing, strategic assessment of other donors promoting mobile solutions, and assessment of commercial viability of sector-specific solutions such as mobile agriculture/health/etc. initiatives. ·        Provide training and capacity building services to around mobile solutions and analytical approaches in the context of international development programming.       |Apprio is seeking an experienced Mobile Solutions Specialist to support our fully funded contract with USAID. |The Mobile Solutions Specialist is responsible for working with other technical advisors to determine appropriate, context-relevant roles for emerging technologies in addressing priority development challenges and enhancing the Agency’s capacity to responsibly integrate emerging analytical methods into routine decision making.   | | ·        |Assembles, analyzes, and communicates original analysis regarding potential roles for emergent approaches and technologies in international development programming.| ·        |Cultivates relationships and coordinates with other Bureaus, Missions, and other partners to ensure alignment with emergent analytical methods (e.g. machine learning) to support USAID programs within and external to the Agency.| ·        |Coordinating and Applying data science techniques to help address international development and humanitarian challenges.| ·        |Facilitate discussion among Key USAID stakeholders to articulate a vision and plan for responsible integration of emerging technologies and novel data science approaches into planning, delivering and assessing development programs.| ·        |Test emerging technologies abilities to analysis, process and manage the data from a range of sources for improved decision making.| ·        |Collaborate with colleagues within relevant pillar and regional bureaus and missions in order to reflect the broader agency needs and requirements within emerging partnerships. Consults as needed with other federal agencies to identify synergies and areas of further leverage.| ·        |In coordination with knowledge management and communications staff and experts, prepares or coordinates preparation of reports, briefings, conferences, publications, training, and other means of promoting wide understanding of improved knowledge and methods.| ·        |Assists in development of materials to facilitate the creation of technical and non-technical strategic guidance to keep missions and team members coordinated on various analytical and mobile solutions best practices.| ·        |Performs a variety of other duties related to special projects involving administrative or program issues. Special projects include research of mobile solutions currently ongoing, strategic assessment of other donors promoting mobile solutions, and assessment of commercial viability of sector-specific solutions such as mobile agriculture/health/etc. initiatives.| ·        |Provide training and capacity building services to around mobile solutions and analytical approaches in the context of international development programming.| | 
