Minimum Required Skills: R, Python, SAS, SQL, SPARK, ML, NLP, CV, Robotics Founded in 2015, we are a rapidly growing startup with over $200 million in new funding. We are the first company to explore artificial intelligence and robotics in mobile and cloud offerings. Since we are still considered in stealth mode, we can't go into too much detail about what we are creating, but what we can say is that we're looking to bring innovative, smart, ambitious Data Scientist to join our amazing team right away! Top Reasons to Work with Us - Top pay, benefits, and ability to work in one of the most exciting technology fields - Casual work environment, surrounded by the best and the brightest technical minds - Make a true impact on our company and products with high-visibility and possibilities for career growth - The opportunity to gain meaningful career development while working with the core development team - Opportunity to learn a ton and to continue to grow as a developer - Be a part of an amazing company that will take your career and your passion to the next level - Tons of room for career growth and opportunity! - Work with amazing and collaborative coworkers who like showing up to work What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO - Medical - Dental - Vision - Relocation - Bonus - 401kSo, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
