Internship

A Data Scientist Intern will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products and services. Their primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality analytical and prediction systems integrated with our products. Examples projects include optimization of lead generation systems using machine learning techniques and building recommendation systems for personalized user content.

Responsibilities:

Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques.

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods.

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed.

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems.

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner.

Creating automated machine learning based systems and constant tracking of its performance.

Skills and Qualifications:

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.

Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Scikit-learn, NumPy, Tensorflow.

Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable:

Great communication skills.

Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.

Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL.

Experience with NoSQL databases.

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Good scripting and programming skills in Python or Java.

Data-oriented personality.

Education:

B.S. in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fields.

M.S. or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fields.

Success starts with having the right people. At Internet Brands, we value and mentor each member of our growing team. We seek out talented, goal-oriented professionals who live and breathe the Internet and thrive in a flexible but challenging work environment. Our team of innovators has enabled Internet Brands to sustain high levels of profitability and success while evolving along with the Internet for over 20 years.

At IB, we promote an entrepreneurial, friendly culture that applauds innovation and results while embracing change and independence. Our employees are intensely driven and constantly encouraged to reach higher and use creativity to achieve success – all the while enjoying high levels of collaboration and the luxury of coming to work in jeans and sneakers. We are proud to offer a unique blend of the innovation of a start-up with the history, stability, and benefits of an established corporation.

Internet Brands and its wholly owned affiliates are an equal opportunity employer.
