Read what people are saying about working here. 

The VP Data Science is a key member of the Analytic and Technology Solutions (ATS) group in MIS. ATS is responsible for developing the quantitative models and analytical tools used in the rating process and across the rating agency, as well as MIS technology innovation activities, including advanced capabilities in machine learning and artificial intelligence. The VP Data Science will be responsible for helping manage application of the latest techniques in Machine Learning and Distributed Computing to drive business value. A successful candidate will not only be technically competent, but will be able to work collaboratively with business stakeholders to increase analytical efficiency, drive new business insights, and develop new products. The role also includes advocating for operational and process changes to move towards a more data driven organizational paradigm.

The duties of the VP Data Science include:

Manage development and deployment of Machine Learning / Statistical Learning models for predictive analytics

Provider leadership in staying up to date with the developments in relevant technologies and market trends (including statistical and machine learning methods) to identify enhancements

Work collaboratively with relevant stakeholders and partners to develop and release cutting-edge tools that address business needs

Evaluate and apply sound software and architectural development practices in development and deployment of models as software products.

Manage usage of cloud and distributed computing platforms for model development and deployment

Communication of results to business stakeholders and decision makers

Speak internally and/ or at external events as required

Required Qualifications

Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, specialized Machine Learning program, or related field

12+ years practical experience in Machine Learning or statistics and/or distributed computing

Proven track record of successfully building machine learning models and other applicationsKnowledge of Machine Learning techniques include Neural Networks, Tree-based Models, Linear model

Experience with one or more of the following programming languages is highly preferred: Python, R, Scala, and SQL.

Experience with one or more of the following Machine Learning frameworks is preferred: TensorFlow, Scikit-Learn, or AWS Sage Maker

Experience doing Machine Learning on the Cloud

Experience with the following distributed compute and stream analytics platforms is preferred Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Storm, Apache Kafka

Preferred Qualifications

Industry knowledge of Fixed Income in Public Finance and/or Structured Finance is highly preferred

LOB/Department

Analytic and Technology Solutions Group

Job Req ID

14860BR

Entity

Moody's Investors Service (MIS)

Line of Business

CSS (CSS)

Regular/Temporary

Regular

City

New York

Job Category

Engineering & Technology

Job Sub Category

Software Engineering

Experience Level

Experienced Hire

Working at Moody's

Moody's is an essential component of the global capital markets, providing credit ratings, research, tools and analysis that contribute to transparent and integrated financial markets. Moody's Corporation (NYSE: MCO) is the parent company of Moody's Investors Service, which provides credit ratings and research covering debt instruments and securities, and Moody's Analytics, which offers leading-edge software, advisory services and research for credit and economic analysis and financial risk management. The Corporation, which reported revenue of $4.2 billion in 2017, employs approximately 11,900 people worldwide and maintains a presence in 41 countries. Further information is available at www.moodys.com.

Entity

Moody’s Investors Service is among the world’s most respected and widely utilized sources for credit ratings and research. Our opinions and analysis on a broad range of credit obligors and obligations are valued around the world for their insight and rigor.

MIS Culture of Excellence

At MIS, our workplace culture supports our mission to be the Agency of Choice for our customers, employees and future employees. Our Culture focuses on Excellence and embodies behavioral qualities such as Integrity, Responsiveness, Collaboration, Respect and Passion. Our people are our core asset and we look beyond outcomes to ensure that behaviors and interactions matter.

EEO Policy

Moody’s is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, sex, gender, age, religion, national origin, citizen status, marital status, physical or mental disability, military or veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. Moody’s also provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with applicable laws. If you need to inquire about a reasonable accommodation, or need assistance with completing the application process, please email accommodations@moodys.com.. This contact information is for accommodation requests only, and cannot be used to inquire about the status of applications.

For San Francisco positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance. For New York City positions, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of the New York City Fair Chance Act. For all other applicants, qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment consistent with the requirements of applicable law.

Click here to view our full EEO policy statement. Click here for more information on your EEO rights under the law.

Securities Trading Policy (STP)

Candidates for Moody's Corporation may be asked to disclose securities holdings pursuant to Moody’s Policy for Securities Trading and the requirements of the position. Employment is contingent upon compliance with the Policy, including remediation of positions in those holdings as necessary.

 Moody's cheerfully performs the dismal science. The company provides credit ratings, research, credit risk management, and other services...
