Ref ID: 00610-0010853739 Classification: Database Analyst Compensation: DOE As the Senior Data Analytics Auditor, you will perform data analytics, audit, or risk management activities with the proven ability to utilize data analysis methodologies and tools to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the audit process. You will partner with internal auditors and the business to identify opportunities to utilize data analysis in evaluating the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls. This position reports to the Director, IT Audit. Your Key Responsibilities Conducting, developing and delivering data analytics solutions for a Continuous Auditing/Monitoring framework while providing ongoing support Internal audit projects: The responsibilities will include the following: Partnering with the Internal Audit/business to assist in building out the data analytic program for Continuous Auditing/Monitoring and Data Analytic support. Perform full-population data retrievals and/or sampling on large data sets, independently re-perform business processes, and identify exceptions. Design data analytics queries/tools/methods to support Internal Audit activities. Develop requirements, design, code, test, and analyze results to provide support on audit activities using available tools/infrastructure. Proactively identify key data sources and obtain access/feeds/files necessary to perform data analytics for testing and continuous monitoring. Manage relationship and communication with key stakeholders. Develop innovative, re-usable data analytics that can be leveraged by the business. Developing audit programs and testing controls to address specific areas of risk identified Facilitating the identification of opportunities to utilize data analysis in the assessment of risk and controls. Navigating within technology environments to locate, validate, extract, and format data for data analysis testing. Effectively documenting the results of data analysis in accordance with audit policy. Analyzing the results of data analysis performed and make recommendation to the audit team on potential opportunities for audit involvement based on those results. Training audit teams in the use of data analysis and data analysis tools to build expertise in the use of data analysis within the internal audit function. Your Capabilities and Credentials Experience in data processing, database programming, and/or data analytics. SQL, SAS, or ACL programming experience including automation solutions of medium to high technical complexity. Experience building data visualization and/or reporting solutions through Tableau or similar BI tools preferred. Strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to read and analyze data effectively and to write cogent reports on audit findings with sound recommendations for improvement Advanced Knowledge of Data Analytics techniques and project management techniques and practices. Preferred: Proficiency with other software and/or programming languages and tools (Oracle ERP/EBS, Excel, Visual Basic, Oracle SQL, SQL, TOAD, Python, Microsoft SQL Server, Power BI,etc.) Education and Experience Bachelor's Degree - in MIS, Computer Science, Finance or Accounting 4-7 years of data analytics experience, audit experience, or a combination of both 25% travel is required
