Looking for an exciting career in Data Scientist ? Scalable Systems is a USA based Big Data, Analytics and Digital Transformation Company focused on vertical specific innovative solutions. By providing next generation technology solutions and services, we help organizations to identify risks & opportunities, achieve operational excellence and to gain an innovative edge.   Scalable is looking for a Data Scientist for one of our esteemed Client at Dallas, TX (USA).     Required skill sets     Hands on experience in data analysis and ML methodologies including both structured and unstructured data. • Act as subject matter expert to lead complex projects in designing solution with cross-functional or enterprise-wide impact. • Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. • Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.) • Experience in big data environment in understanding log patterns of Kafka, API logs stored in Big data environment • Experience in NLP to handle unstructured log data and perform feature engineering on Log data • Experience in Time series modelling techniques like arima etc. exposure to anomaly detection patters • Provide domain expertise in solving research-intensive portfolio implementation challenges. • Research and develop analytics solutions, based on a rigorous and effective quant research process. • Formulates findings and prepares ad-hoc reports and delivers results to management and/or other leaders. • Translates complex technical concepts and analyses to non-technical audiences. • Ensures accuracy of reports and calculations performed by less experienced colleagues and gives guidance when appropriate. • Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. • Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. • Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. • Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. • Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. • Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SQL, etc.)   Interested Candidates, request you to please forward your resume to Anand@scalable-systems.com for consideration. You can reach me directly at #732-993-4610 Scalable Systems is an Equal Opportunity-Affirmative Action Employer - Minority / Female / Disability / Veteran / Gender Identity / Sexual Orientation.
