Read what people are saying about working here. 

you’ll ever read.

Who are we?

At SnackNation, our mission is to help consumers discover healthy alternatives and to inspire conscious eating decisions. We’re building an AI-powered data and insights platform that will predict the future success of today’s emerging brands and foster the growth of clean, healthy alternatives to today’s snacking leaders. With over $9B in brand acquisitions in 2018, including companies like RxBar, Bare Foods, Pirate Brands & Primal Kitchen, CPG snacking has become one of the most exciting investment sectors in the world.

Yet these Brands still don’t fully understand their end customer. SnackNation is single best targeted trial platform for these Brands to get access to their target consumer in the office and in the home. From here, our Data team is responsible for aggregating millions of consumer data points to build world-class predictive systems, consumer trends systems, recommendation engines and more!

Who are you?

You’re a highly skilled, and motivated Data Scientist looking for a new, exciting set of projects that will challenge you to demonstrate expertise & leadership in building out our advanced analytics models, while also helping millions of people across America live healthier, better lives.

Using your programming, data wrangling, and analytical expertise to drive product and business decisions.

With a deep understanding of ML frameworks, ML pipelines and statistics you’ll leverage your programming, data wrangling, and analytical expertise to architecture, frameworks, performance, automated testing, monitoring, and more. Working closely with the rest of our BI team, you’ll assist in creating the foundation for how we build data-driven applications, tools, and experiences for our Members, Brands, and Employees.

What You'll Do:

“The Netflix for Snacks” We’re building the most advanced “personalized snacking experience” in the world. We need your help to build a market-leading recommendation engine using machine learning techniques that will enable our 5K+ Offices and 20K+ Consumers to get exactly what they want in every shipment without ever needing to choose the snack themselves.

“The Brands Success Predictor Model” Our proprietary data & insights SaaS platform will identify tomorrow’s brand winners today. The AI-powered Success Predictor Model combines SnackNation proprietary consumer data with other market information to project tomorrow’s biggest and most successful CPG Brands.

“Robots Talking to Robots” We’re building a rules-based decision engine that optimizes groupings of shipments and forecast just-in-time inventory so that customers can get ultra-customized snack curations (to be packed by robots).

“Data is King” Help own the portfolio of BI projects that support the entire business - from eliminating Customer Churn, to maximizing New Sales Conversion Rates to optimizing our Marketing spend across multiple channels.

Who You Are:

Advanced degree (MS or PhD) in a quantitative field with

6+ years experience developing production ML models to solve problems such as product recommendations, ranking, and matchingUnderstanding of machine learning, feature engineering, and model evaluation techniques

Ability to extract feature sets from large volumes of data with tools such as Hadoop, Spark, and SQLA consistent track record of performing data analysis using Python (numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, deep learning, etc.) and SQL

Experience building solutions with ML frameworks (e.g., TensorFlow, Spark MLlib, SciKit Learn, etc.) for real-time inferences

Ability to work with data and platform engineers to implement ML pipelines

Strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences

Effective data visualization skills with analytical tools such as Tableau

Data visualization and presentation skills to communicate your work effectively

You enjoy providing mentorship, learning, and being collaborative in cross-functional teams

You seek perpetual growth

Perks & Benefits:

Employee Stock Options

Paid Time Off

Company Subsidized Medical, Dental, Vision Plan

Life Insurance, 401k, Flexible Spending Accounts, Commuter Benefits & More

Catered Lunches & Well-stocked Kitchens

Yoga & Wellness Activities

Happy Hours

Company Retreats

Dog Friendly

About SnackNation

We exist to inspire more conscious food decisions by connecting healthier brands with engaged consumers through a smart marketplace. SnackNation cares about making a positive impact on the world, with a wellness-minded culture and values.

We look for people who aren't afraid to be themselves. Because that's our vibe. Whether it's health or sales goals, our mantra is Better Every Day. In fact, we offer meditation, yoga and bootcamp during work hours, not after. For every sale, we donate to Feeding America. We’ve donated more than THREE MILLION meals to food banks all across America!

Since launching in 2014, we’ve grown tremendously. In fact, SnackNation was just ranked #24 on Inc 5000’s 2018 list and the 2nd fastest growing company in LA! SnackNation also has the backing of VC firms like 3L Capital and have received press accolades in INC, Great Place to Work, Forbes. See here for more press mentions.
