Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position Description

As a lead economist in Realty, you'll be working with other data scientists to identify causal patterns in Walmart's wealth of data, informing huge capital decisions with impact across the organization. How do customers choose between ecommerce and brick & mortar? Where should new access points, like standalone pick-up, be located? Are these questions even answerable?

We're looking for candidates that have ground-floor experience drawing econometric insights from individual or aggregate customer data. You'll deliver the insights you and the team generate and be directly involved in business strategy decisions related to Walmart's network of assets across the US.

In this new, exciting and challenging field there are limitless opportunities for highly motivated candidates who possess an insatiable curiosity to explore and solve the ever-evolving business challenges in the retail space.

Why here?

Why you?

The capabilities associated with managing and analyzing large amounts of data through traditional and non-traditional analytical processes to gain valuable business insights that can be leveraged to drive our business forward is quite possibly advancing more rapidly than any other technology field today. What better place to be involved, then the World’s Largest Retailer in an organization emboldened to pioneer new concepts and answer the call of, “What’s next?”

How data can transform and redefine the world of retail and the shopping experience for our customers and defining new ways to compete is anything but a small task; we are up for the challenge!

Join our Family: Apply Now

You will make an impression if:

You enjoy and are advanced in statistical analytical approaches (e.g. regression, clustering, predictive analysis)

You have an affinity for coding (e.g. R, Python, Arc GIS, Alteryx, Java)

You’ve worked with large-scale database systems (e.g. Hive, Teradata, DB2)

You’ve used large-scale customer- or retail-relevant data to find insights (e.g. Nielsen, Census, NCR, Experian)

You enjoy visualizing data in new and exciting ways using Tableau, Excel, PowerBI or other data visualization tools

You have an advanced degree in Geographic Information Services or Statistics, Economics, Analytics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Information Technology, Engineering or related STEM field

You are an innately curious, critical thinker who see both the big picture and the details

You will make an impact by:

Leading, influencing and delivering clear and concise messages to business partners

Executing well thought out project plans and strategies

Designing the most cost-effective sequence of investments to an asset that will drive sales and ensure future financial health

Incorporating cutting edge technology that simplifies processes and improves financial health of an asset

Fifty years ago, Sam Walton open a single shop and transformed it into the world’s biggest retailer. Since those founding days, one thing has remained consistent: our commitment to helping our customers same money so they can live better. Today, we are reinventing the shopping experience and out associates are at the heart of it. When you join the Walmart family, you will play a crucial role in the shaping the future of retail, improving millions of lives around the world.

This is the place where your passions meet purpose. Join our family and build a career you can be proud of.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor s degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or a related field and 4 years experience in analytics, field operations, merchandising, or a related area OR 6 years experience in analytics, field operations, merchandising, or a related area.

Additional Preferred Qualifications

A PhD in Economics, Econometrics, Business, or related field, and 1+ years of experience applying econometric methods in retail..

Company Summary

What started small, with a single discount store and the simple idea of selling more for less, has grown over the last 50 years into the largest retailer in the world. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. It's all part of our unwavering commitment to creating opportunities and bringing value to customers and communities around the world.
 Think you know Walmart? Think again. Our top-notch, integrated team is changing the way the world shops and harvesting exciting career-ca...
