Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is a leading provider of technology and staffing solutions for IT, Security, Engineering, and Interactive Design disciplines servicing startups to enterprise clients, nationally. We pride ourselves in the ability to introduce you to our intimate network of business and technology leaders – bringing you opportunity coupled with personal growth, and professional development!  Join us. Let us catapult your career! Principal Data Scientist IMMEDIATE NEED for a Principal Data Scientist to join a digital device start-up at their San Francisco office. The ideal candidate will have an expertise in mathematics and statistics, with experience in Python and MATLAB. Responsibilities: Prototype models and conduct experiments with the team Communicate and document results and ideas Data ingestion, training and testing pipelines Qualifications: Strong expertise in mathematics Competency in linear algebra, differential calculus and statistics Experience with Python Experience with MATLAB Preferred Qualifications: Experience with Machine Learning frameworks Experience with software engineer Please send your resume to Hannah Xu, Technical Recruiter for immediate consideration. Let us help you secure an interview! ABOUT US Irvine Technology Corporation (ITC) is an award-winning Information Technology Solutions and Staffing provider with roots in Southern California. For over fifteen years, we have had the privilege of serving exceptional client organizations as both a local and national resource. Our team is comprised of seasoned technologists, staffing industry thought leaders, top-notch recruiters, dedicated account executives, and a world class support staff. Irvine Technology Corporation provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, Irvine Technology Corporation complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities.
