Minimum Required Skills: Client-facing, Data Analytics, Python, SQL, Hadoop/Spark, Linux, Financial Industry We are looking for an Applied Data Scientist for customer-facing projects that combine data science with deep knowledge and understanding of machine learning and big data technologies to create solutions for customers' challenges and needs, defining and developing appropriate technical and business solutions. What You Will Be Doing Deliver successful deployment and Pilots Manage and design the Customer-specific technical solution throughout the project life cycle. Work on various data sources and apply sophisticated feature engineering capabilities Bring and use business knowledge Extract insights and actionable recommendations from large volumes of data and Investigate anomalies in Big Data Build and manage technical relationships with customers and partners. Provide product requirements input to Product Management team Train the customers on the system system usage and monitoring aspects. What You Need for this Position Must have proven professional experience in data analytics for financial services with strong data mining and forensic skills Experience working with customers. Advantage financial customers Must have Hands-on experience and knowledge of scripting languages: Python/PySpark Hands-on experience using Big Data and statistical analysis tools such as Hadoop/Spark , SQL, and Matlab Working experience with Linux OS (Redhat/Ubuntu). Excellent communication skills (speaking, presenting...) Able to solve tech problem for customers; improvise; cope with unexpected challenges Able to drive relevant internal functions to deliver/solve a problem for customers/partners Ability to design creative solutions for complex requirements Ability to learn independently and to work with minimal supervision at customers' sites Strong interpersonal relationship building A motivated, self-starter who can demonstrate above average analytical and technical skills Ability to execute multiple projects and drive key business results under tight deadline Willingness to travels 25% -30% abroad to customers as neededSo, if you are a Client-Facing Applied Data Scientist with experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
