Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

If you dream of a job working in a field where all of the hard problems are solved and you get to re-use previous research to get your job done, you need not apply. If, however, you are someone who wants to tackle problems that truly are on the cutting edge, then we encourage you to keep reading.

Data Science is an emerging field within cyber security. FireEye, given its deep expertise and comprehensive view on the advanced threat landscape, is uniquely positioned to enable data scientists to have major impact within our industry, company, and across our customer base.

This role will oversee the continued iteration and improvement of machine learning solutions tackling constant threat landscape changes. You will be challenged to find new angles to difficult problems in malware classification and categorization.

Responsibilities:

This role will require experience building, analyzing and maintaining supervised learning models, as well as familiarity with malware detection and binary analysis.

You will be expected to analyze model results and work with domain experts, engineers and other data scientists on your team to develop and implement improvements. You must be able to translate fluidly between data science and cybersecurity concepts. The ability to work as part of a team, give and receive feedback, and communicate clearly is critical.

Qualifications

Requirements:

Experience in applying a wide variety of unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised machine learning techniques, and the ability to turn big data into actionable intelligence

Familiarity with network and endpoint security concepts and technologies

Ability to analyze, retrain, and improve machine learning models

Ability to work as part of a remote team

Ability to provide and receive scientific critiques and work towards data-driven solutions

Significant development experience with Python, Matlab, R, or Scala

Ability to document and explain technical details clearly and concisely (peer-reviewed publications preferred)

M.S. + 14 years of experience in data science or data analytics required OR PhD + 10 years

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Additional Qualifications:

Experience with sklearn, pandas, numpy or similar packages

Familiarity with malware, host forensics, or network traffic analysis concepts

Experience with Linux command line and bash scripting

Experience with reverse engineering malware

Experience with AWS infrastructure

Experience with a deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, Theano, or MXNet

Experience with GPU-accelerated computing and hardware (e.g., NVIDIA DGX-1)

Experience using Hadoop and Spark

Experience using relational and non-relational databases

Experience with web frameworks to visualize large datasets

Preference for remote candidates will have experience in Data Science and Cyber Security

Additional Information

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability.

 The rules of engagement in today’s threat landscape are changing rapidly and as cyber-crime evolves, there is a security gap that can be ...
