Title: Data Scientist Lead Location: Alpharetta, GA Job Type: Fulltime / Permanent   Quick pointers: This is a data scientist lead position. So candidate needs to be conversant with statistical modeling in addition to technical skills.   Responsibilities: Responsible for developing strategies for effective data analysis and reporting. Selects, configures and implements analytical solutions. Develops and implements data analytics, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality. Identifies, analyzes and interprets trends (or) patterns in complex data sets. Monitors performance and quality control plans to identify performance. Works on problems of moderate and varied complexity where analysis of data may require adaptation of standardized practices. Works with management to prioritize business and information needs.   Job Duties: You will be responsible for gathering network inventory and usage data in a structured/scalable manner and using algorithms to predict future usage. You’ll be able to model connected graphs and have the capabilities to create multi-layer predictions. You will also be responsible for creating algorithms to predict supply chain delays, construction time and cost to build.   Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in business intelligence and analytics, statistics, computer science or mathematics Six or more years of relevant work experience 2 years minimum hands on data analytics experience Hands on experience with visualization tools such as kibana, Grafana, tableau etc Expertise in managing and analyzing structured and unstructured data using python and SQL Experience in building statistical models Experience with insights, proviso/netcool/IBM Data Mining, preparation and modeling experience Statistical analysis language experience Data preparation tool experience Superior written and oral communication skills   Preferred Skills/experience (not required, but strongly preferred) Your degree in business intelligence and analytics, computer science or mathematics Knowledge of distributive computing tools like hive or spark Experience with SiteCatalyst/Clickstream Experience with ML platforms: Tensorflow, Cortana Capability to work effectively under time constraints and deliver results quickly and by expected technologies Data Analysis tools: NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, MatPlotLib, Seaborn Machine Learning Packages: SciKitlearn (SKLearn), Statsmodels, nltk Python web frameworks: Django, Flask Thanks Nick Arthur Lead Recruiter Nick@pullskill.com 201-497-1010 Ext: 106
