Read what people are saying about working here. 

Other

Can you make numbers talk to you? Do you like hearing what they have to say?

We’re looking for a data analyst who can build predictive models, run regressions and understand the results. You’ll be a consulting detective using advanced data analysis techniques to find out things like: Where are the best customers? Why do they buy? What makes them happy?

You’ll get to work with a team of data lovers just like you, using a variety of data sources to uncover insights and solve key business problems for our partners in Distribution, Sales, Network, Product, Market Research and Marketing. Your business-savvy, real-world solutions will improve results for both our customers and our company.

You’ll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute* from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges.

Primary Responsibilities:

Collaborate with team members and business partners to determine problem definition and requirements, manage expectations, and meet timelines

Propose innovative ways to look at problems using machine learning & data mining

Use appropriate sampling, data preparation, analytic and statistical methodology to develop predictive models; combine this with business strategy skills to develop solutions that leverage datasets of any quantity, shape or size

Discover insights and opportunities using statistical, data mining and visualization techniques

Document, summarize and communicate findings, verbally and visually, in a way that is easily understood by internal business partners

Seek out new data sources that fill gaps and improve models

Help source, clean and verify integrity of data used for analysis

Support business needs around analytics, predictive modeling and business intelligence

Cross - train with team members on software skills, data sources and other work aspects

Required Qualifications:

Undergraduate degree in Business, Technology, Finance, Engineering, Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related field or equivalent experience

SQL Proficiency

2+ years of experience conducting analytic projects including: validating data, interpreting results of analysis, identifying variances / trends / root cause and providing solutions

3+ years of demonstrated Machine Learning, Predictive Analytics, and/or statistical analysis involving: Regression, Classification, Clustering, Matrix Factorization, Predictive Analytics, Decision trees, Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks / Deep Learning

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree in quantitative field

5+ years of experience in relational database modeling and concepts

Experience working with analytic packages in R, Python, SAS (E-Miner), or others

Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k - NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.

Experience with ETL processes to extract, transform and load data across disparate systems

Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, etc.)

Experience with visualization tools such as Tableau

Experience with healthcare data or industry; familiarity with UnitedHealth Group platforms a plus

Strong business acumen and professional communication skills (written & oral)

Solid analytical and problem solving skills (critical thinker); self-motivated and organized

UnitedHealthcare is a company that's on the rise. We're expanding in multiple directions, across borders and, most of all, in the way we think. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about transforming the health care industry. Ready to make a difference? Make yourself at home with us and start doing your life's best work.(sm)

All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group’s Telecommuter Policy.

Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law.

UnitedHealth Group is a drug - free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment.

Job

 UnitedHealth Group is the most diversified health care company in the United States and a leader worldwide in helping people live healthi...
