Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position Purpose:

Under the direction of Accountable Care Leadership, the Population Health Data Scientist will model complex enterprise problems, and identify and implement performance improvement opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques.

The Data Scientist works closely with Renown Accountable Care leadership, data stewards, project/program managers and other key stakeholders to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions. Other responsibilitiesinclude working with enterprise, community and regional stakeholders to (i) solve data aggregation and validation challenges, (ii) data mining and reporting activities, (iii) analysis of complex population health and risk management data sets, (iv) provide congruent and reliable conclusions and recommendations, and (v) working with said stakeholders to operationalize and achieve performance improvement objectives.

Must be a creative thinker and propose innovative ways to look at problems by using data mining (the process of discovering new patterns from large datasets) approaches on the set of information available. Must validate findings using a scientific, experimental and iterative approach. Must be able to present findings to identified stakeholders by exposing assumptions and validation work in a way that can be easily understood by the intended audience.

The encumbent must be proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, as well as communicating results. Must have a combination of business focus, strong analytical and problem solving skills and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypothesis through the discovery phase of the project. Excellent written and communication skills to report back the findings in a clear, structured manner are required.

Nature and Scope:

The Population Health Data Scientist will:

1. Advocate, evangelize and build data-fuelled products that help the organization positively improve population health management functions.

2. Become an expert on Renown Health datasets.

3. Provide insight into leading analytic practices, design and lead iterative learning and development cycles, and ultimately produce new and creative analytic solutions that will become part of our core deliverables.

4. Work with cross-functional team members to identify and prioritize actionable, high-impact insights across a variety of core business areas.

5. Research, design, implement and validate cutting-edge algorithms to analyze diverse sources of data to achieve targeted outcomes.

6. Ensure all applicable applications, including the EPIC EMR, that receive or transmit information to internal or external systems maintain adherence to organizational Data Governance policy and procedure.

7. Turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to make sound organizational decisions.

8. Ensure deliverables are completed according to priorities of Renown Leadership and the Renown Health strategic plan.

9. Act as a liaison to Data Governance, Businesses Intelligence, Information Technology, and Decision Support teams.

10. Administer the report design, build and analysis for Population Health Key Performance Indicators and reporting.

11. Provide leadership, training and mentorship for junior level analysts and report writers

12. Provide expert services on complex coding, analysis, and validation problems.

13. Establish tracking and trending reports to be utilized by all levels of leadership.

14. Evaluate new reporting and statistical analysis tools.

This position does not provide patient care.

The foregoing description is not intended and should not be construed to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, skills and efforts or work conditions associated with the job. It is intended to be an accurate reflection of the general nature and level of the job.

Minimum Qualifications: Requirements - Required and/or Preferred

Education:

Must have working-level knowledge of the English language, including reading, writing and speaking English. Masters in mathematics, statistics, public health, computer science or related field required. PhD degree preferred.

Experience:

Three (3) years analyst experience required, along with the following preferred work experience:

Insurance and/or health care setting.

Five (5) years of application design, development, coding and maintenance.

Advanced Standard Query Language for the purposes of report writing and data analytics.

Statistical programming experience (SQL, SAL or R)

EPIC Clarity and EPIC Reporting Workbench.

Business Object's Crystal Reports.

Knowledge of data security requirements.

License(s):

None.

Certification(s):

Must be or will become certified in EPIC Clarity fundamentals.

Must be or will become certified in EPIC Radar Reporting

Must be or become proficient in EPIC hyperspace/application reporting.

Computer / Typing:

Must be proficient with Microsoft Office Suite, including Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel and Word and have the ability to use the computer to complete online learning requirements for job-specific competencies, access online forms and policies, complete online benefits enrollment, etc.
 Renown Health is a locally governed and locally owned, not-for-profit integrated healthcare network serving Nevada, Lake Tahoe and northe...
