Job Description: JOB SUMMARY: The Intelligence Group of Leidos is seeking an Expert Data Scientist for an Intelligence Community (IC) program in Northern Virginia. An Active TS/SCI with polygraph security clearance is required in order to be considered for this position. The candidate will support Government staff in developing a broad range of written products in support of senior leadership and USG policymakers. PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Provide expert and professional data scientists to implement effective and innovative solutions meshing disparate data types to discover insight and trends in Human Capital information. Perform work on a data science team to advance Human Capital Analysis across the IC. Centralize Intelligence Community Chief Human Capital Office (IC CHCO) data collection and synthesis, including survey data enabling strategic and predictive analytics to guide business decisions. Develop or utilize complex programmatic and quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in data sets; lead statistical modeling, or other data driven problem solving analysis to address novel or abstract business operations questions; and incorporate insight and findings into a range of products. Create detailed write-ups of processes used, logic applied, and methodologies used for creation, validation, analysis, and visualizations. Write-ups shall occur initially, within a week of when process is created, and updated in writing when changes occur. A "Key" position which leads a team of 5 other data analysts. EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: Requires BS degree and 12 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 10 - 13 years of prior relevant experience. May possess a Doctorate in technical domain. BASIC QUALIFICATIONS: Active TS/SCI with polygraph. Bachelor's or advanced degree in social sciences or related fields and requisite experience. Related fields may include statistics, mathematics, computer science, physical science, economics, or engineering. Demonstrated knowledge of the Intelligence Community. Demonstrated experience performing data analysis and modeling on an independent (i.e., without significant guidance or direction) basis. Demonstrated experience in developing and applying quantitative methods to find patterns and relationships in large human capital data sets (such as the Human Capital Data Call, Foreign Language Data Call, FAIR act data, etc.) using statistical and graphical packages. Applied knowledge in the mathematical sciences such as probability, statistics, predictive modeling, computational social sciences; computer programming such as but not limited to Python, R, SAS, SPSS; and COTS data visualization packages such as but not limited to Tableau. Experience with Oracle Database and Procedural language/Structured Query Language (PUSQL). Preferred experiences include but not limited to C#.NET, ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC), jQuery, and Cascading Style Sheets (CSS), etc. Demonstrated experience with structuring data, natural language processing, database technologies, and machine learning algorithms. Ability to translate complex, technical, or analytic findings into an easily understood narrative - tell a story with the data in graphical, verbal, or written form. Demonstrated fifteen (15) years (expert) expertise in supporting quantitative and analytic efforts and knowledge of workforce planning. Experience should include engagement with the Intelligence Community and expertise with using analytical software. Demonstrated professional experience in developing quantitative financial analysis related to budget formulation and execution. Experience in development of financial procedural guidance data formats related to CBJB workforce displays and analytic support, resource management and planning. Demonstrated experience in human resource management supporting the federal government. Demonstrated experience in the use of programming, design, development, and implementation of on*line and automated survey instruments
