We are looking for a sharp, disciplined, and highly quantitative individual who has a passion for creating fast and efficient algorithms in the area of data analysis and machine learning. We are building a unique technology platform dedicated to the real-time discovery and manipulation of data; this is your chance to be a critical part of our analytics team. Responsibilities: *Work with a team of data engineers, developers and domain experts from different functional areas to solve problems *Create analytics algorithms using statistics and machine learning, advanced computing, probabilistic modeling and visualization. *Build mathematical models and automated machine learning tools to analyze and optimize all aspects of our Azure-based SCADALynx system, providing insights in real time. *Collaborate with data scientists, data engineers and domain experts on data selection, pre-processing and formatting for analysis. You will also have the opportunity to help implement product-related tools, features and/or designs; *Success is measured in customer satisfaction, monetizing our services, customer retention, product usage and adoption *Help the organization shape new product directions as well as implement product vision within the context of the next generation of product architecture, while keeping data science/analytics at the forefront *Establish and implement end-to-end proof of concept for data analyses *Create innovative methodologies for extracting value from client data *Establish strategic partnerships with technical leadership across functional areas *Present to senior leadership as well as external audiences *Demonstrates the ability to create new and different solutions that align to real-world problems and opportunities About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
