Logistics done differently. At XPO Logistics, we’re constantly looking for ways to improve, enhance and adapt in an ever-changing marketplace. As the Senior Solutions Engineer – Data Scientist, you will use your engineering and consulting skills to deliver projects, manage proposals and oversee engineering/consulting processes. We will equip you with the best tools in the industry to grow and develop to a level that will exceed your expectations and help you reach your career goals. Pay, benefits and more. We are eager to attract the best, so we offer competitive compensation and a generous benefits package, including full health insurance (medical, dental and vision), 401(k), life insurance, disability and more. What you’ll do on a typical day: Design, develop and maintain data management tools supporting analysis, reporting and executive level BI dashboards Design, develop and maintain KPI reporting at account and corporate level Lead online RFQ process for all modes – TL, LTL, Ocean and Air Complete multiple scenario RFQ analysis Support as needed requests for customer network and lane level analysis as part of a leveraged corporate analytics team Provide value propositions by identifying opportunities through rigorous data collection and analysis; craft marketable solutions for clients Develop and deliver productivity (savings) and engineered solutions (analytics) for the account Contribute to the standards around which others will operate What you need to succeed at XPO: At a minimum, you’ll need: Bachelor’s degree in Supply Chain, Logistics, Industrial Engineering, Manufacturing Engineering or other technical or analytical discipline 5 years of experience in one or more of the following: supply chain management, logistics, decision support systems/technology, transportation management, distribution or procurement functional responsibilities Experience preparing and delivering presentations Ability to use various analyses, data mining and simulations using Microsoft BI, Access and Excel to identify and scope opportunities within the customer’s supply chain Ability to collect and analyze data for modeling, network optimization and/or supply chain redesign purposes It’d be great if you also have: Experience with ILOG, Supply Chain Guru or data modeling Lean manufacturing experience 3 years of experience in data management and transportation analysis, including network design 3 years of experience and advanced skills in Microsoft Visual Studio, Access, Excel and Power BI Experience in SSIS package deployment and SSRS report development and deployment Strong project management skills Be part of something big. #LI-RL1 XPO provides cutting-edge supply chain solutions to the world's most successful companies, including Disney, Pepsi, L'Oréal, Toyota and many others. We’re the fastest-growing transportation company on the Fortune 500 list and we’re just getting started. We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, disability, veteran, or other protected status. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All employees may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.
