Focused on Amazon Marketing ROI, our client is looking for a talent Data Scientist who is interested in building an advanced analytics team for their fast growing startup. You would be responsible for formulating statistical approaches and machine learning while checking on business metrics as well as developing new algorithms and creating unique models. The ideal candidate will have strong experience with both modern and traditional technical skills and experience with Python Responsibilities Create models based on the data collected Analyze and gather data Optimize and Devise solutions Develop high performance algorithms for precision targeting and testing You should stay current on machine learning and modeling techniques, data mining and competing technologies Requirements Masters or PhD in a quantitative field preferred Strong written and oral communication skills Background in pricing optimization, classification, and customer behavior Advanced hands-on skill with high volumes of data involving analyzation, cleaning, manipulation, and sourcing This growing startup company is searching for a Data Scientists like you! The company allows the ability for you to grow your knowledge in data analysis and creating solutions problems that can appear. The remote work combined with the unlimited PTO featured in this position also allows for a greater balance in your work and social life, giving you the opportunity to spend your time how you want. Fast tract your application by contacting Amy Phan at a.phan@jeffersonfrank.com with an updated resume, or call 972-437-8259. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and DevOps jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and DevOps market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / DevOps jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Amazon Web Services candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the AWS market and some of the opportunities and AWS jobs that are available I can be contacted on 972-437-8259. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more fantastic Amazon Web Services opportunities! Jefferson Frank Inc. is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. AWS/DevOps/AWS DevOps/Amazon Web Services/Site Reliability Engineer/Minneapolis/Java/ Python/Ruby/Ruby on Rails/Docker/Kubernetes/Jenkins/Ansible/Puppet/Chef
