Company Overview In the past seven years, Zoro has grown from a group of 6 people working out of a 2,000 square foot building, offering fewer than 100,000 products to a group of 300+ working out of a 60,000+ square foot building, offering more than 2,000,000 unique products. Position Description Our Sr. Data Scientists are key contributors to the development of the overall customer, product, eCommerce and pricing plans. This Analytics team covers a broad scope of projects: Customer Segmentation, A/B Testing, Channel investment optimization, Predictive Modeling, Promotion Evaluation, Pricing Analysis etc. All these analyses support our business leaders to make critical decisions every day. In Zoro, you will be challenged by new questions every day. 5+ years of experience using analytics to solve business problems Responsible for managing advanced analytical projects (Machine Learning and Data Mining) and collaborating with internal business partners to support strategy development and tactic planning Leading the end to end analytical process: receive and evaluate business partners’ requests, develop analytical plan and methodology, confirm analytical plans with business partners, implement data analyses, and provide recommendations. Lead R&D process for data science project, including academic paper research; algorithm development, program code writing, and final presentation Provide supports and advices for company to choose various IT business solutions (digital marketing, pricing, web & campaign analytics etc.) and facilitate the implementation process Provide analytic supports for key business activities (strategic initiatives, campaigns design, customer segmentation strategy, channel bidding strategy, price sensitivity & demand elasticity, merchandising optimization etc.) including data mining, analysis and presentations Lead monthly review meetings to share insights/learning from the business data, and also provide updates on key analytical projects Build predictive and inference models using SAS, SPSS, R etc. to support business initiatives in the areas of customer acquisition, activation, engagement, and retention or channel investment optimization Position Requirements: Experienced in leading advanced analytics projects and designing analytics R&D projects Have prior experiences in assisting business decision making through data mining and machine learning Strong communication skills in order to collaborate effectively with business stakeholders. Must be able to interact cross-functionally and drive both business and technical discussions 5+ years’ progressive business experiences in marketing analytics, database marketing, data mining, and statistical modeling. Experiences of advanced data analysis in Internet or a top-tier consumer-focused company (in technology, consumer goods or retail domain) are required Master’s degree in quantitative fields such as Statistics, Engineering, Operational Research, and Economics. MBA a plus Capable of thinking through complex business problems and solve them by analyzing on large amounts of data Familiarity with R or SAS for statistical modeling, clustering, classification, machine learning, and data mining Demonstrated proficiency in SQL/relational databases (Teradata, Oracle etc.), and BI tools (Tableau, Business Objects, Microstrategy) Proficiency in Microsoft Office:  Excel spreadsheet modeling and PPT presentation creation Knowledge of web tracking technology (Google Analytics, SiteCatalyst etc.) a definite plus EEOC Statement Zoro is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
