Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

Position is on the staff of a not-for-profit government consulting firm located in Tysons, VA. The Junior Data Scientist Internship position will be embedded within our LMI Data Analytics Practice and leverage your curiosity and problem solving skills to explore, discover, and predict patterns contained within data sets for a wide range of government clients. This includes the derivation of clear narratives that help our clients understand their data and how those insights address their specific research questions. This is a 10 week internship for Summer 2019.

Responsibilities

Demonstrate the ability to frame and scale data problems to effectively analyze, visualize and find data solutions.

Possess the ability to work with and manipulate common data formats, including comma-delimited, text files, and JSON.

Analyst must be able to transform data and analysis into informative data visualizations and/or interactive dashboards using open source and commercially available visualization and dashboard tools.

Demonstrate the ability to derive insights and analytic narratives from data and visualizations for effective storytelling and clear communication in response to specific research questions.

Ability to work in a fast-paced, solutions oriented environment focused on client deliverables, analysis and reporting.

Possess the ability to work in teams and independently.

Qualifications

Pursuing a bachelor’s degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or other related business or quantitative discipline is required.

Experience working with tools including object-oriented programming (Python, Java), computational analysis tools (R, MATLAB), and associated data science libraries (scikit-learn).

Experience creating meaningful data visualizations and/or interactive dashboards that communicate your findings and relate them back to how your insights create business impact using platforms such as Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, RShiny, plotly, and d3.js.

Working knowledge of databases and SQL is desired. Preferred qualifications include linking analytic and data visualization products to database connections.

Preferred experience with data science methods related to data architecture, data munging, data and feature engineering, and predictive analytics. Additional preferred qualifications include working with unstructured text and natural language processing.

Superior communication skills, both oral and written.

Applicants for this position may be subjected to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. Please note that only US Citizens are eligible to obtain security clearances.
