Read what people are saying about working here. 

Division: Corporate Technology

Business Unit: Corporate Technology

Requisition Number: 238638

Primary Location: United States-New Jersey-Princeton

Assignment Category: Full-time regular

Experience Level: Mid level

Education Required Level: Doctorate Degree

Travel Required: 10%

Division Description:

For nearly 170 years, pioneering technologies and the business models developed from them have been the foundation of Siemens‘ success. Our central research and development unit, Corporate Technology (CT) plays an important role in this. Together with our global network of experts, we are a strategic partner to Siemens’ operative units and provide important services along the entire value chain – from research and development to production and quality assurance, as well as optimized business processes. Our support provided to the businesses in their research and development activities is ideally balanced with our own future-oriented research.

We at Corporate Technology are more than employees: We are actively helping to make people’s lives a little better every day. Would you like to be a part of that? Then join us. We offer you a high level of practical relevance as well as an opportunity to individually contribute your knowledge and your visions around the world. Whether you’re helping to develop products for the operating units or working in interdisciplinary projects for the business areas: At Corporate Technology you’ll be working in the heart of Siemens’ technological research together with the best.

Job Description:

This Research Scientist will contribute to our research activities by applying modern data analytics and machine learning on variety of structured and unstructured data from wide area of different industries such as automation, energy, healthcare, building automation and mobility with the goal to improve business insights and help various business units to gain competitive advantage in their markets.

The Research Scientist will be responsible for developing new algorithms, publications and code prototypes as proof of concept in the new research area of Security, Safety and Compliance in collaboration with our security research group and also contribute to current analytics research for business analytics and monitoring.

Responsibilities

Research, design, and implement algorithms that power knowledge inference and online recommendations, based on Deep Learning/machine learning to consume various types of data

Dive into huge, noisy, and complex real-world behavioral data to produce innovative analysis and new types of predictive models of engineering behaviors and manufacturing processes performance.

Explore the untapped potential of big data for design, engineering and analysis tasks and devise revolutionary approaches.

Advance the state-of-the-art in the field, including generating patents and publications in top journals and conferences.

Apply deep learning techniques to large-scale, real-world problems.

Fast prototyping, feasibility studies, specification and implementation of data analysis product components.

Working with customers to understand algorithm requirements and deliver high-quality solutions.

Required Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience

Candidate must have completed PhD or completed Graduate degree with 3-5 years of Experiences in the field of Big Data Analytics, machine learning/deep learning.

Degree in Computer Science or Information Technology preferred.

Strong proficiency in Big Data tools and their configuration & setup.

Proven in data mining, machine learning, deep learning, re-enforcement learning

Capability for quick prototyping

Excellent interpersonal and communication (verbal & written) skills in English a must

Excellent interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude

Strong collaboration skills and ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment

Flexibility and adaptability to work in a growing, dynamic team

Demonstrable research and innovation track record as an intern or graduate assistant (publications, research monographs etc.)

Ability to work with controlled technology in accordance with US export control law required. Siemens may require candidates under consideration for employment opportunities to submit information regarding citizenship status to allow the organization to comply with specific US Export Control laws and regulations. Additional information on the US Export Control laws & regulations can be found on http://www.bis.doc.gov/index.php/policy-guidance/deemed-exports/deemed-exports-faqs?view=category&id=33#subcat34

Preferred Knowledge/Skills, Education, and Experience

Proficiency in security and compliance analytics preferred.

Previous experience or knowledge in the field of probabilistic reasoning, uncertainty quantification, dimensionality reduction, decision trees, and design analysis is preferred.

Proficiency in R, Knime, Hadoop and Spark

In depth Knowledge in Software development in Java

#LI-MD1

 Siemens is a global powerhouse focusing on the areas of electrification, automation and digitalization. One of the world’s largest produc...
