An extraordinary opportunity to work in an early-stage, well-funded InsurTech startup run by seasoned founders, backed by A-list investors, chasing a $250B global market.   ABOUT US Verifly delivers on-demand insurance by the job to cover the 57 million people who work independently — such as photographers, handymen, DJs, and others — via our app. As more people freelance, many clients require them to be insured. These workers need easy, mobile access to quick, inexpensive, short-term insurance so they never lose a potential job or have to call an insurance broker. Verifly delivers this in seconds for as little as $5 for one hour and one million dollars of business insurance.   THE ROLE The Data Strategist will provide in-depth analyses and reporting to key stakeholders across the business, providing insight from data. They will be responsible for spearheading the company's use of analytics for insights-driven decisions while serving as an analytical subject matter expert for leadership and business stakeholders. You will develop and maintain systems to track and manage key KPIs such as conversion and other metrics of business health and growth. The ideal candidate is proficient in SQL, cross-platform digital analytics tools (AppSee, Google Analytics, Segment, Adjust, or similar), and is highly quantitative. You should be eager to ask questions and be endlessly curious. ABOUT YOU: You are a seasoned insights and analytics leader with experience translating data and analysis into business insights and recommendations. You are a self starter who relishes the opportunity to start something from the very beginning. You are excited about the power of data-driven decision-making and look forward to opportunities to develop and showcase insights to customers. You are comfortable collaborating with various stakeholders (customers and internal teams), leading insights and analytics team, understanding complex data challenges, and developing recommendations. You smile in the face of ambiguity, welcome the opportunity to get hands-on with the data, manage multiple work streams, and look for opportunities to create win-win situations for all parties involved.   RESPONSIBILITIES  As the first hire in this area, you will establish the company's data strategy. Leverage your analytical experience and an analytical approach to translate data and analysis into business-specific insights and stories for customers seeking to make marketing decisions Work with the leadership team to develop key analytics service offerings (e.g. bespoke insights; custom reporting; data warehousing/data mart development support) Proactively identify new insights and analyses which can be leveraged by the Product, Marketing, Biz Dev, senior management and engineering teams  Understand the contribution of various applications (apps, web, partner / api) towards company-wide goals. These applications are both consumer facing and internal where contribution include but aren’t limited to insurance underwriting, purchase, enrollment, and management. Work with stakeholders to establish success metrics around product initiatives and monitor performance against them through dashboards, visualizations and ad-hoc analyses. Provide analytical support and recommendation for the planning and building of services that deepen the relationships between users and Verifly's partnerships by providing better brand experiences. Partner with key stakeholders to prioritize tasks based on highest potential value added. Support and guide the development of A/B and multivariate testing plans to boost product performance. Communicate data driven point of views to non-analytical stakeholders.   REQUIREMENTS 3-5+ years experience in the areas of marketing analytics, marketing data science, business intelligence, and data visualization at an agency, research, financial services or e-commerce organization Experience developing analytical solutions and insights which can include qualitative and quantitative data from multiple sources A minimum with 3-5 years of hands-on analytics (ecommerce, fintech, customer, digital, big data) experience Strong communication skills and the ability to examine, synthesize, and present marketing and customer data to various stakeholders (senior management and partners) Comfort and ability to engage with and articulate analytical findings and insights to C-Level executives Attention to detail and the ability to manage a team of analysts and data visualization experts including helping to prioritize, organize, and operate in a fast moving, entrepreneurial start-up environment Hands-on experience with Data Analysis (e.g. Redshift, Hadoop, Hive, MySQL, MS Excel, SQL Server) and Business Intelligence/Data Visualization Tools (e.g. Looker, Tableau, Qlikview, PowerBI, Business Objects) Proficient in using SQL-based exploratory analytics tools; familiarity with Python or R  Ability to understand and develop approaches to introduce advanced analytics techniques (e.g. statistics, probabilities, predictive modeling, marketing mix modeling) into business decision-making processes Exceptional verbal and written communication and presentation skills. Able to effectively articulate a unique value proposition that resonates with customer needs.  Bachelor’s Degree (Master’s degree preferred) in business, marketing, statistics, or engineering with a penchant for data Experience with cross-platform reporting and analysis with web and mobile analytics tools such as AppSee, Google Analytics, Mixpanel, FullStory, Segment, etc. Ability to clearly articulate and present initiatives to creative and technical teams alike Entrepreneurial, self-directed, digitally savvy, creative and experimental in the approach to problem solving, with exceptional analytical and critical thinking skills BENEFITS Full-time employees receive generous stock options in addition to amazing working conditions and competitive pay and benefits including health insurance. We work out of a cool SoHo office with a house dog and no dress code (you must dress).
