Minimum Required Skills: Machine Learning, Data Science, GBM, SVM, Python, Feature Generation, model tuning, Scala, Java, SPARK If you are a Principal Data Scientist fluent in Python, please read on! We are a small company based in Palo Alto, CA and own online behavior data of 1 Billion users across the globe. We are looking for a talented and highly experienced Principal Data Scientist to help drive the development of model building pipeline, feature generation, feature selection and model tuning. You will also help guide junior data scientists and engineers. This is a full-time, permanent position in our Palo Alto office. What You Will Be Doing -Drive the development of model building pipeline, feature generation, feature selection and model tuning. -Provide the vision of data science, and guide junior data scientists and engineers. What You Need for this Position -PhD in a field related to data science, machine learning, or artificial intelligence -10+ years of experience in applying machine learning algorithms -Deep understanding of machine learning algorithms, such as deep learning, GBM, SVM, etc -Extensive experience in feature generation, feature selection, and model tuning -Familiar with machine learning packages such as sci-kit learn -Fluent in Python Nice to Have: -Programming experience in Scala or Java -Experience with Spark, Spark ML, and PySpark -Experience with TensorFlow on Spark or H20 on Spark What's In It for You - Excellent Health Care Coverage -Catered lunches and snacks -Generous PTO PolicySo, if you are a Principal Data Scientist with 10+ years experience, please apply today! Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.Please apply directly to by clicking 'Click Here to Apply' with your Word resume! Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you. - Not a fit for this position? Click the link at the bottom of this email to search all of our open positions. Looking forward to receiving your resume! CyberCoders CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Your Right to Work - In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. Copyright 1999 - 2019 . CyberCoders, Inc. All rights reserved.
