Our team is what makes Octo great. At Octo you'll work with some of the smartest and most accomplished people you'll find in your career. Octo offers fantastic benefits, and it's an amazing workplace culture where you will feel valued while you perform mission critical work for our government. Voted one of the region's best places to work multiple times, Octo is an employer of choice! Employer, Inc. (Octo) is supporting an Intelligence Agency program's development of a shared services platform to support Agile-enablement, migration to the cloud, and the streaming and enhancement of national security data. This program is a pioneer at this Agency and a model for modernization of legacy systems. Octo is seeking a Data Scientist/Data Analytics SME to join our growing team. In this role, the successful candidate will be responsible for integrating analytic techniques to evaluate, enhance, and visualize national security data. The successful candidate will have existing experience integrating disparate data sources and building customer-oriented visualizations to support mission decision-making and operational planning. Responsibilities Include: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques Data mining using state-of-the-art methods Extending national security data with additional data and metadata sources Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Operational Research (ORSA), or other Technical Disciplines and 3+ years of experience on data science, ORSA, or big data efforts Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. (Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable) Great communication skills Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Good scripting and programming skills Comfortable working using Agile development methodologies and have experience using the Atlassian tool suite (JIRA, Confluence and BitBucket) for documenting work. Familiar with TDF tagging Experience operating in a C2S environment Preferred Qualifications: Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase Clearance: Must have TS/SCI w Active CI Poly Location: Chantilly, VA Octo is a growth-oriented firm that provides a unique, differentiated employee culture relative to our Federal market peers. We leverage this growth-oriented and employee-focused culture to attract and retain a higher grade of talent than our peers to be an employer of choice. http://www.octoconsulting.com/careers Please no Corp-to-Corp or 1099 candidates; this position is W-2 only Per contract clearance requirements, US citizenship is mandatory Relocation will not be offered Employer is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to disability, protected veteran status, race, color, religious creed, national origin, citizenship, marital status, sex, sexual orientation/gender identity, age, or genetic information. Employer's commitment to diversity and inclusive selection practices includes ensuring qualified long-term unemployed job seekers receive equal consideration for employment Selected applicant will be subject to a background investigation Department: Technology
