Read what people are saying about working here. 

Johnson & Johnson – one of the 2 AAA rated companies, and a Top 5 companies by market cap - is transforming around Technology & Analytics to enable us to innovate faster and to compete more effectively, making science and technology equal partners in building the future of Johnson & Johnson.

In this role you're an integral part of the transformation within our Enterprise Data Analytics team. You'll analyze commercial outcomes and provide insights throughout the product lifecycle. Insights include pricing analytics, contracting analytics, market mix modeling, trade promotions, commercial forecasting and effectiveness. You'll also collaborate with business partners to deliver impact.

You will develop analytical prototypes and scalable analytical “solutions” to provide a competitive advantage to J&J in the healthcare space. You will be a part of a dynamic and growing team and bring a broad knowledge of existing data mining algorithms. You will bring creativity to invent and customize when necessary and learn and deploy leading technologies in the analytics space specific to the business needs in order to get results and find opportunities.

You'll drive business impact by solving unusual problems thru keen and creative mathematical analysis, continuous improvement methodologies and change management in a cross functional organization. You will also partner with assigned value chain, marketing, sales and technology core team leaders to define the business opportunity, define the data analytics requirements, develop analytical models, share insights and influence decision-making.

Primary Responsibilities include:

Understanding the business opportunities within and beyond individual franchises to enable profitable growth.

Developing the analytical solutions to address the opportunities – and partnering with business and technology to deploy the solution to achieve impact.

Working with technology partners to integrate information and solutions in a precise, repeatable, and consistent way.

Being a change agent - continuing to be on the leading edge of the analytical capabilities outside of J&J, building capability within the organization.

Providing thought leadership by researching standard methodologies and collaborating with external organizations and partners.

Identifying new opportunities for analysis and investigation.

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Ph.D. or advanced degree with 3+ years’ related experience, or Master’s with 5+ years of related experience required, in STEM or related discipline, e.g. statistics, operations research, computer science, mathematics.

Strong proven understanding of machine learning methods and applied statistical packages as applied to data analysis within open source scripting languages (e.g., Python, R, Julia).

Demonstrated familiarity with large datasets and understanding of data analysis workflows.

The ability for 30% travel, including international travel.

Preferred Qualifications:

Demonstrated experience in business applications of distributed computing (e.g., HADOOP).

Demonstrated experience in understanding data lifecycles on cloud computing platforms (AWS / Azure).

Strong business insight to understand functional domains within sales and marketing and understand how decisions impact the different parts of our commercial organization.

Strong communication and influence skills to effectively translate complex analytical models into clear, succinct recommendations to partners.

Understanding of foundational software engineering principles.

Prior experience in one or more of relevant commercial areas (market research, pricing, contracting, market mix, commercial effectiveness).

Experience with data analysis, visualization and workflow software.

Thriving on a diverse company culture, celebrating the uniqueness of our employees and committed to inclusion, J&J is proud to be an equal opportunity employer.

Primary Location

United States-New Jersey-New Brunswick-

Organization

Johnson & Johnson (6067)

Job Function

R&D Engineering (R&D)

Requisition ID

7316190211
 Caring for the world, one person at a time... inspires and unites the people of Johnson & Johnson. We embrace research and science - brin...
