Read what people are saying about working here. 

Your innovation. Our impact. At Anthem, Inc., it’s a powerful combination, and the foundation upon which we’re creating greater access to care for our members, greater health for our communities, and greater experiences for our customers. Innovation is a top priority. Here, you’ll have an opportunity to work in a collaborative environment that brings together industry leaders and technology experts, so together we can drive the future of health care.

This is an exceptional opportunity to create solutions and programs that can truly make a difference at one of America's leading health benefits companies and a Fortune Top 50 Company.

Data Scientist - Artificial Intelligence

Location: Chicago IL OR Atlanta GA

Responsible for the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences. Primary duties may include are but not limited to:

Design machine learning projects to address specific business problems determined by consultation with business partners.

Work with data-sets of varying degrees of size and complexity including both structured and unstructured data.

Piping and processing massive data-streams in distributed computing environments such as Hadoop to facilitate analysis.

Implements batch and real-time model scoring to drive actions.

Develops proprietary machine learning algorithms to build customized solutions that go beyond standard industry tools and lead to innovative solutions.

Develop sophisticated visualization of analysis output for business users.

Publish results and address constraints/limitations with business partners.

Provides high-level controllership /evaluation of all output produced to ensure established targets are met.

Determines the continuous improvement opportunities of current predictive modeling algorithms.

Proactively collaborates with business partners to determine identified population segments and develop actionable plans to enable the identification of patterns related to quality, use, cost and other variables.

Requires MA/MS in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Econometrics, Physics, Biostatistics or related Quantitative disciplines. or any combination of education and experience which would provide an equivalent background. PhD and experience in the healthcare sector preferred.

3 years experience in predictive analytics

advanced expertise with software such as Python and Spark is highly preferred.

Must be an Expert in SQL and can write complex query

Must have experience in Data Analysis and Data Minning.

Familiar with Hadoop Ecosystem including Hive and HDFS

experiences building models in identifying Health Care Fraud, Waste, Abuse is a plus

Natural Language Processing and Deep Learning Experiences is a plus

Anthem, Inc. is ranked as one of America’s Most Admired Companies among health insurers by Fortune magazine and is a 2018 DiversityInc magazine Top 50 Company for Diversity. To learn more about our company and apply, please visit us at careers.antheminc.com An Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veteran

 It’s a powerful combination. It’s the foundation upon which we’re creating greater care for our members, greater value for our customers,...
