Senior level Data Scientist New York, New York Compensation: 170,000 - 190,000k + Bonus and Benefits Description We are becoming the dominant player in the E-commerce industry and recently received Series B funding. This position is located in New York City where you will be working hands on as well as leading all data driven functions. With your knowledge and experience with datasets, you will help your team uncover trends, patterns, and provide insight of the company's products. The ideal candidate has at least 5 years of experience utilizing data and analytics to help drive business. They also have a strong knowledge of Python, Java, SQL, MatLab, and R. If you have a passion for putting your technical skills to the test to help businesses thrive, then this position may be right for you. Our company is a very tight-knit, competitive, and hard-working environment with a great work-life balance. They also offer amazing benefits package and opportunities for advances in the field. Desired Skills and Experience: Ability to work with large sets of data and process them Ability to provide consumer insights to help influence business decisions Proven track record of providing successful business objectives and strategies Experience with of Python, Java, SQL, MatLab, and R. A combination of problem-solving, quantitative, and intuitive skills Your role will involve the following: Deliver consumer insights to create learning agendas Create a guide to business strategy and customer marketing strategy Analyze consumer needs, test and measure the successfulness of business agendas Track trends of consumers, content, and the correlation of consumer and their data Help make decisions to impact optimization and growth opportunities The right candidate for this position needs to have a desire in this industry and be eager to learn the methods and tactics from the leaders of this company. This is a phenomenal opportunity that is in high demand therefore if you are interested please apply as soon as possible!
