Read what people are saying about working here. 

Responsibilities

Security risks are everywhere and pose not only threats to our national defense, but financial systems and business infrastructure. Help the Department of Agriculture (USDA) realize one of their key objectives modernizing and securing their information technology infrastructure to ensure they can meet the needs of their Programs and Agency. As a Cyber Hunt Analyst / Data Scientist with IOMAXIS you will be an integral member supporting the USDA ASOC mission applying expertise in Tools, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs) designed to maintain state of the art computing environments. Join our team in a full-time capacity from Kansas City, Missouri. This position becomes available upon contract award anticipated February 2019. Actively interviewing.

In this role you will:

Assist the ISC in establishing data science and machine learning driven approaches to identifying possible security incidents inside the USDA enterprise

Collaborate with other analysts and engineers to develop algorithmic models to meet analyst use cases

Work with engineers to ensure large data sets and tools are being used effectively to support machine learning and data science analysis techniques

Develop algorithms and models based on analyst use cases for security log data

Provide statistical analysis of log/incident data

Support Hunt Team operations by leveraging innovative approaches to incident discovery

Assist in other areas of SOC operations as needed such as data trending, statistical analysis, incident investigation/mitigation, etc.

Handle requirements, documentation, engineering, and support of a Government agency’s systems to include log collection and analysis, intrusion detection, malware prevention, data loss protection/prevention and other technologies.

Interact and support both Government and contractor personnel, responsible for administering the network and associated systems as well as various software and hardware vendors.

Qualifications

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Education: Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Statistics or Computer Science fields

Skills and Capabilities:

Minimum of ten (10) years of operational experience with Linux systems to include architecture, deployment, operational management, and analysis of security information systems.

OS competency in Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), CentOS, Ubuntu, and Windows Server

Experience in the IT security domain (IPS, malware, incident detection and response, firewalls, NIST 800-53)

Strong attention to detail and organizational skills.

Excellent communications skills

Certification: CISSP, C|EH, Security+ and/or Linux+

Clearance: Minimum of active SECRET-Level Security Clearance

Overview

WHY IOMAXIS

Unleash your potential and make a dramatic impact!

Over the past 10 years, IOMAXIS has advanced the state of Cyber RDT&E and provided support to the special operations and intelligence communities by bringing together the best software, hardware, communications and security experts in the industry by leveraging our decades of operational experience to help Federal agencies and organizations develop critical solutions for difficult missions around the globe. Today, we’re proud to say the most important Federal clients rely on our solutions to perform their missions by developing solutions faster, reducing complexity, cutting costs, and providing a profound level of innovation. IOMAXIS helps our customers deliver exceptional value to their client, America and its people. IOMAXIS leads the industry in developing superior technologies and rvices, delivering actionable capabilities and insight— right when customers need it most.

IOMAXIS is an Equal Opportunity Employer and considers all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability or protected veteran status.

#CJ
