Data Scientist / Business Intelligence Developer 
Quadrint requires a data scientist to assist its client in measuring, reporting, and visualizing key performance metrics to measure the effectiveness of the organization’s strategic initiatives and align the organization’s resources.  The candidate will work directly with executive-level leadership to understand the data and calculations needed to measure key performance indicators, and to design, build, and maintain automated reports and dashboards that visualize the results.
 
 The selected candidate will be expected to: 
    Move Performance Data Online .  Move the storage and presentation of historical and current strategic, program, and critical process performance data away from non-online data sources and datasets to interactive online dashboards that include landing pages of data-based insights and past data-based reporting.  Maximize and refine the automation of performance data ingest to support online quantitative analytics, computational modeling, and communication of results to oversight authorities, agency senior leaders and governance bodies, and the workforce.

    Resource Alignment Activities .  Conduct resource alignment activities to collect, analyze, and communicate position management information in a consistent corporate manner supporting senior decision-making bodies with data-driven analyses that optimize the alignment of talent to strategic mission needs over time.

    Table of Organization (TO) Processes Automation .  Maximize and refine automation of TO processes (e.g., data ingest, TO changes, monitoring and analyzing TO changes for patterns and trends).

    TO Changes .  Provide insight reporting on the cumulative impact of TO changes on the agency’s ability to achieve its strategy over time to agency senior leaders.

    Required Skills:   Must have an active TS/SCI clearance.  Due to the nature of the government contract requirements and/or clearance requirements, US citizenship is required.  Bachelor’s degree  Minimum 7 years of experience.  Experience building and publishing dashboards using Tableau.  Expert use of SQL to extract and analyze data from relational databases.  Experience designing, building, and scheduling automated reports.  Experience ingesting and modeling data from external data sources.  
 Desired Skills:   Experience working with executive-level leadership.  Experience briefing/presenting analyses to live audiences.  
 Quadrint, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, status as an individual with a disability, or any other, or any other protected status. 
 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Springfield, VA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         11877403
