Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

Ubisoft, leading creator, publisher and distributor of interactive entertainment and services, with a rich portfolio of world-renowned brands, including Assassin’s Creed, Just Dance, Tom Clancy’s video game series, Rayman, Far Cry and Watch Dogs, is seeking a Data Scientist, Audience Science.

If you are looking to use your advertising Media knowledge of data science to create insights in a renowned video game company, this is the job you have been looking for. In a newly established team, based in San Francisco, you will get to influence our Media and Brand team on how we work with data science as you generate insights that are actively put to use.

Responsibilities:

Utilize a large panel of tools corresponding to different steps of the analysis. The most common will be SQL/HiveQL for data extraction, R/Python/Spark for data analysis and Tableau for data visualization.

The team is fully transverse as we are working with production, marketing, CRM, media, licensing, sales and finance.

Based on your strong background on computer science, you will be in charge of the automatization of scores and segmentations in a Hadoop environment.

You will work with the San Francisco teams, as well as with other teams based all around the world, mainly Montreal and Paris.

Build different models which provide insights for teams across the organization including, but not limited to our brand, CRM, production, and executive management teams.

Qualifications

Master's or degree or above in computer science or mathematics

3+ years of experiences as a software engineer, data engineer or data scientist

Experience working in Media, Advertising or Marketing field (Desirable Asset)

Proficiency in R, Python or Spark

Proficiency in SQL or HiveQL

Knowledge of data visualization

Experience with advanced analytics

Strong interest in the gaming industry

Excellent communication and interpersonal skills

Additional Information

Ubisoft is committed to creating an inclusive work environment that reflects the diversity of our player community. We are an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age or disability status.

 Ubisoft hopes its video games languish in ubiquity. Ubisoft Entertainment is the #3 independent video game publisher in the world (behind...
