Read what people are saying about working here. 

Are you passionate about human space exploration or understanding the origins of the universe, and working with a dynamic and diverse team to make a difference? If you are, we need you!

We need your commitment, teamwork, and energy to help us achieve great things that inspire humans all over the globe. We need you to bring innovative ideas and diverse backgrounds to help us envision, shape, and deliver systems that will benefit the quality of life of people around the world. We are excited about what we do, and we need you on our team as we take on new challenges for NASA’s pursuits in deep space exploration. Jacobs is NASA’s largest engineering solutions provider working alongside NASA at centers across the United States.

We have the unique and significant role to partner with NASA at Johnson Space Center (JSC), to be part of every human spaceflight program – the International Space Station (ISS), NASA’s Orion spacecraft, which will carry astronauts into deep space, and Gateway, the orbiting platform providing the home for astronauts to work and travel back and forth to the moon’s surface, and serving as the platform for deep space exploration. From critical systems on the ISS to enable astronauts to live and work in space; to performing advanced development for systems leading to deep space exploration; to being part of the foundation for Gateway.

We also partner with NASA at JSC, the only NASA center in the United States to curate all astromaterial samples returned from exploration missions, to perform curation services, orbital debris analysis, and basic research to further humankind’s understanding of the origins of our solar system.

We need you to be a part of our team!

We are currently in need of an Image Data Scientist to join our team. Do you have the following skills?

As an Image Data Scientist you will:

Assist with daily operations within Crew Earth Operations (CEO) to include constructing daily Crew Earth Observations (CEO) message to the astronauts aboard the ISS

Georeference imagery and analyze astronaut photography of the Earth

Write articles involving astronaut photography

Develop research papers/posters using astronaut photography / other ISS payloads

Perform website updates, to include Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth, Earth Science and Remote Sensing, ISS Instrument Integration Interface (I4), and Image Detective cataloging tool

GIS support for multiple projects

Provide support to ISS Earth Science Payloads/advisory groups

Provide proposal support for new funding opportunities

Produce time-lapse videos from still imagery sequences

Provide imagery tools development/enhancement to include the ISS Instrument Integration Interface (I4) tool and the Image Detective cataloging tool

Position involves interaction with scientists, engineers, managers in a highly dynamic and occasionally time-critical environment.

Perform other duties as required.

Qualifications

Required Education/Experience/Skills:

BS degree in earth science, geography, GIS or related fields from an accredited college or university in an associated technical discipline

Must have prior remote sensing and/or GIS experience

Programming in data-crunching languages such as Python, 'R', IDL, etc. is desired

Familiarity with image processing software (ENVI/IDL, PCI, ERDAS, etc.), GIS (i.e. ArcGIS, ArcIMS), and HTML/XML coding and web interface design is desirable

Background or interest in earth science and/or planetary science is a plus

Demonstrated oral and written communication skills are required

Why Join Jacobs?

Click on the below links to view just a small sample of all that we do! Come join our team and be part of our future. We look forward to seeing you!

See What We Do

Jacobs Aerospace Solutions Overview

(Please view in Chrome or Microsoft Edge)

In addition to exciting career opportunities we also have:

Excellent personal and professional career growth

9/80 work schedule (every other Friday off)

Onsite cafeteria (breakfast & lunch)

Comprehensive Benefit Package (medical, dental & vision)

401(k)

Tuition Reimbursement

Much, much more!

For more information on our partnership with NASA at Johnson Space Center, please visit www.wehavespaceforyou.com

Must be a U.S. Citizen and successfully complete a U.S. government background investigation.

Management has the prerogative to select at any level for which this position has been advertised.

Essential Functions

Work Environment

Generally an office environment, but can involve inside or outside work depending on task.

Physical Requirements

Work may involve sitting or standing for extended periods (90% of time). May require lifting and carrying up to 25 lbs (5% of time).

Equipment and Machines

Standard office equipment (PC, telephone, printer, etc.).

Attendance

Regular attendance in accordance with established work schedule is critical. Ability to work outside normal schedule and adjust schedule to meet peak periods and surge requirements when required.

Other Essential Functions

Must be able to work in a team atmosphere. Must put forward a professional behavior that enhances productivity and promotes teamwork and cooperation. Grooming and dress must be appropriate for the position and must not impose a safety risk/hazard to the employee or others.

Jacobs is an Equal Opportunity Employer and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Jacobs does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of: race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by country, regional, or local law.

 At approximately $13 Billion in revenues, Jacobs is one of the world's largest and most diverse providers of technical, professional, and...
