Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist

Machine Learning Engineer

Location:

5800 Windward Parkway

Alpharetta GA, 30005

ADP is hiring a Data Scientist - Senior Machine Learning Engineer with demonstrated experience in Python, Hive, programming and machine learning techniques. Does this sound like you?

We believe people make great companies, not the other way around. Our people make all the difference in delivering innovative HR technologies and solutions that help employees all over the world do their jobs better. The result? We're building the next generation of ADP technologies.

Join ADP as we undertake one of our most ambitious transformation initiatives ever. We're building a team from of the most elite, game-changing technologists and asking them to reinvent the way millions of employees are paid worldwide.

We strive for every interaction to be driven by our CORE values: Insightful Expertise, Integrity is Everything, Service Excellence, Inspiring Innovation, Each Person Counts, Results-Driven, - Social Responsibility.

POSITION SUMMARY

We're looking for someone with 5 or more years of experience in manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Master's in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, predictive analytics or another quantitative field.

Key Qualifications

Theoretical and practical understanding of data mining and machine learning techniques such as: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, Deep learning, social network analysis, Optimization, NLP, Probabilistic Inference, Information Retrieval, Recommendation Systems.

Strong computer science fundamentals including knowledge of data structures and algorithms, computational complexity, and object oriented/functional programming design patterns

Strong coding and debugging skills in one or more of the following technologies: Java, Python, PySpark.ML, R, H2O, SparklyR , Pandas, Scikit-learn, Spark-Mlib

Proven experience with large data sets and related technologies, e.g., Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Spark. Knowledge of SQL and NoSQL is required.

Strong communication and problem solving skills

Bonus points for experience in:

Deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, MXNet, Chainer and Theano.

Experience with query engines such as Presto, Apache Drill, Apache Impala.

Modern ETL frameworks such as Apache Airflow, AWS Glue, etc.

Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Tableau, ggplot, etc.

_____________________

Req 169471

#LITECH

#LI-JT1

Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground:

ADP powers the working world with comprehensive solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by FORTUNE Magazine, and recognized by Forbes as one of "The World's Most Innovative Companies," ADP has over a half-million clients around the globe and 65 years of experience as one of the largest providers of human capital management solutions world-wide.

At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance.

 We power organizations with insightful solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by F...
