Read what people are saying about working here. 

Unlock Your Career Potential: Technology at ADP. Do you enjoy exploring, identifying and inspiring the future of the workplace and the lives of millions of people? At ADP, the world's largest B2B cloud company, our Technology team is comprised of brilliant engineers, architects, data scientists, infrastructure experts, and more. We were first in our industry to offer a SaaS solution and continue to push the envelope utilizing the latest operating platforms to deliver the highly automated, intelligent and predictive solutions that are redefining what is possible. Named one of Forbes' "Most Innovative Companies" and one of Computerworld's "100 Best Places to Work in IT", we are committed to leading the way in product development and research, empowering you to bring to life the latest innovations that will forever change the way businesses manage their most vital asset, employees.

We strive for every interaction to be driven by our CORE values: Insightful Expertise, Integrity is Everything, Service Excellence, Inspiring Innovation, Each Person Counts, Results-Driven, & Social Responsibility.

Location:

5800 Windward Parkway, Alpharetta GA, 30005

Responsibilities:

The ADP Global Shared Services Team is seeking a seasoned Data & Analytics developer to join our dynamic and rapidly growing team.

The ideal candidate will exhibit expert level knowledge in data storage, data modeling and data visualization.

Will have keen attention to detail and be able to deliver front to back agile BI solutions.

Work with data owners and stakeholders to acquire, store, document and visualize data.

Data products should always be create with an eye on transforming data into information that leads to actions.

Stakeholders should be able to use data products for actionable insights.

Qualifications:

Tools/Skills: MS SQL Server and Oracle PL/SQL (a SQL aptitude test will be administered)

Any type of ETL tool: Alterx & SSIS preferred, Informatica considered.

Data Visualization: Tableau strongly preferred, Qlik and Power BI considered. Plotly, GGPlot, matplotlib and Seaborn considered

Data Science: Python

Location:

5800 Windward Parkway

Alpharetta GA, 30005

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: Preference will be given to candidates who have the following:

demonstrates ability to effectively communicate data science into meaningful executive level insight and presentations -able to consult with business risk management stakeholders to understand reality of associate

comfortable in engaging clients and gathering voice of customer insight in shaping data models

had broad understanding of insurance and/or workers compensation insurance risk and basic understanding of loss development factors -enjoys working in team environment and rallying the case for a data driven culture

________________

req 167468

#LITECH

#LI-JT1

Software in the Cloud. Experts on the Ground:

ADP powers the working world with comprehensive solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by FORTUNE Magazine, and recognized by Forbes as one of "The World's Most Innovative Companies," ADP has over a half-million clients around the globe and 65 years of experience as one of the largest providers of human capital management solutions world-wide.

At ADP, we believe that diversity fuels innovation. ADP is committed to equal employment opportunities regardless of race, color, genetic information, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, lawful alien status, national origin, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. We support an inclusive workplace where associates excel based on personal merit, qualifications, experience, ability, and job performance.

 We power organizations with insightful solutions that drive business success. Consistently named one of the "Most Admired Companies" by F...
