Read what people are saying about working here. 

Part-time, Internship

Job #: R-00007556

Location: Arlington, VA

Category: Intern Technical

Schedule (FT/PT): Full time

Travel Required: Yes, 10% of the time

Shift: Day

Potential for Telework: No

Clearance Required: Top Secret

Referral Eligibility: Ineligible

Group: Leidos Innovations Center (LInC)

Job Description:

At Leidos we combine our deep customer expertise with tailored analytic systems to distill big multi-media datasets into valuable knowledge and insights. We work side-by-side with advanced research and development organizations such as Amazon, Google, and various top-20 universities to develop solutions.

The fields of data science, data engineering, and artificial intelligence, are expected grow rapidly in the next decade. While these trends are somewhat self-evident and obvious, the challenge for Leidos is to identify talented individuals and implement market-tested technical capabilities in data science and engineering to capture value in new business ventures or on-contract-growth opportunities.

The Data Science & Engineering team at Leidos is looking for interns this summer to work in our Arlington, VA office. This is an exciting opportunity to apply your academic knowledge to real-world strategic company initiatives. The internship will offer an opportunity for the successful candidate to work with leading Leidos practitioners and team members in data science and engineering on one or more of the following projects:

Support machine learning/deep learning projects in multi-media image, text, or audio processing (models exist, refinements sought with performance assessment); Construct synthetic data sets based on CG artifacts to develop supervised training capabilities in specific domains (security, health care, environmental studies, logistics) Assess advanced data science tools or methods and prepare technology forecast/assessment summaries (some candidate technologies identified); Participate in other data science /developer based projects which would be available in May 2019.

Primary Responsibilities

Understanding of basic project or systems engineering concepts and principles with demonstrated uses in coursework (term projects) or capstone projects

Able to work in one or more programming and analysis language, such as Python, R, MatLab, Java, Javascript, or similar

Experience with data analysis including data modeling/representation such as XML, JSON, DDF, or similar

Works with the users and subject matter experts to gather and fine tune requirements and interact with the stakeholders on a periodic basis to ensure that the application built meets expectations.

Tasking by project team as needed

Basic Qualifications

Currently pursuing an undergraduate education in Computer Science, Data Science, Systems Engineering, or related field, with at least 2+ years completed. Maintain a minimum 3.0 cumulative GPA (on a 4.0 scale).

Ability to obtain DoD security clearance- US Citizenship required.

Demonstrated knowledge of data science methods: classification, regression, change detection, ML/DL, time series, model building - training-validation-testing, etc.

Must be detail-oriented, have excellent organizational skills, and the ability to work with minimal supervision

Must have strong written and verbal communication skills

Preferred Qualifications

Pursuing Graduate degree

Desire to continue working with Leidos on a part-time basis during the school year

 Leidos is a Fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the world’s toug...
