TEKsystems is currently looking for a Data Scientist to join one of our reputable clients in a contract-to-hire capacity. The client is located in Richardson, TX. CANDIDATES MUST BE ABLE TO WORK W2 WITHOUT SPONSORSHIP. PLEASE NO SUBVENDOR OR C2C CANDIDATES. This position is responsible for employing advanced analytics techniques to create and drive adoption of data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. They will use data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. Qualified Candidates Will Have: 1. 3+ years of experience with R, SAS, or SQL 2. 3+ years of experience data querying/manipulation 3. Statistics background Responsibilities: 1. Apply data analysis, machine learning, predictive modeling, statistics, visualization, and other data science techniques to derive actionable insights. 2. Leverage domain expertise and communication skills to identify data-based solutions to customer needs. 3. Develop, create, and implement data-based products and processes to add business value for internal and external customers. 4. Develop, create, and implement analytical processes for automated machine driven decision making where human decision making is not scalable or feasible. 5. Present and explain technical findings to non-technical audiences to promote data-driven decision making. 6. Identify new data sources, drive collection of data, and identify use cases for existing data sources. 7. Document steps and data sources and ensure that models and processes are easily understandable and maintainable. 8. Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with co-workers, management, customers, etc. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
