Read what people are saying about working here. 

Sr. Data Scientist - (

Job Number:
 
19000187 )

Moving material makes the world’s work possible.

Caterpillar customers and their equipment are hard at work in every corner of the globe, and they can’t afford to slow down or stop. They need our machines, engines and parts to do the world’s work. That’s what our logistics team makes possible—using the latest digital, analytics and data forecasting tools to move material where it needs to be, when it needs to be there. Want to join this process-driven, results-oriented group?

The Product Support & Logistics Division currently has an opening for an Sr Data Scientist located at our Morton, IL facility. As a Sr Data Scientist, you will support the Product Support & Logistics Division (PSLD) division’s effort in achieving the inventory and customer service objectives in a manner consistent with PSLD objectives through project work related to Parts Inventory Collaboration (PIC) and Inventory Management Research.

Job Duties/Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:

Provide an objective level of customer service for the client's dealers/customers at a minimal investment

Achieve the inventory turns and service targets defined by the client and business unit

Resident Inventory Management (IM) expert for the client business and provides IM leadership and guidance to the business unit and client teams

Take the overall client situation into account and coordinate the efforts of business unit/client operations, IM, systems, transportation, and upper management

Work closely with business unit personnel from the different functional areas and with members of the client organization from the staff level to director level

Oversee all aspects of the client's inventory/customer service while working at the detail level and implementing improvement projects at the same time

Projects taken on by the incumbent usually involve extensive data analysis, require application of advanced mathematical models, and require the incumbent to be able to apply the results to the current situation

Present project work and results to client management to solicit support for key recommendations

Lead green belt led projects and to serve as Subject Matter Expert on other projects

Basic Qualifications:

Degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering or related field

5+ years of job-related experience in Supply Chain or Inventory Management

Previous technical experience in materials management

Advanced analytics background

Ability to perform statistical analysis using SAS, R or Python

Top Candidates Will Also Have:

Excellent analytical/problem solving abilities

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Strong customer focus

Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers .

For more information, visit caterpillar.com. To connect with us on social media, visit caterpillar.com/social-media.

EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals – including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities – are encouraged to apply.

Unposting Date
 
- Mar 1, 2019, 5:59:00 AM

Primary Location
 
- United States-Illinois-Morton

Job
 
- Information Analytics

 Founded in 1910 as Holt Caterpillar Company, Caterpillar machinery is known for its "caterpillar yellow" color. One of the founding fathe...
