Read what people are saying about working here. 

Be part of an exciting team dedicated to keeping America safe at home and abroad. KeyW has an immediate need for a Data Scientist to support our customer’s mission researching new and innovative ways to detect botnets, as well as methods to automatically discover and classify devices and infrastructure in botnet infected networks using large quantities of cyber security data.

Responsibilities

Responsibilities:

Working with a variety of both structured and unstructured data sources

Producing novel and innovative research into anomaly detection, classification, discovery, and pattern-of-life from large cyber security data sets

Working with developers to scale prototyped machine learning applications in distributed computing platforms such as Spark

Communicating findings to a non-technical audience of decision makers

Collaborating with an interdisciplinary team of data scientists, software engineers, dev ops engineers, and subject matter experts

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Master’s Degree in a quantitative field (e.g., statistics, operations research, computer science, mathematics, physics, computational chemistry/biology, engineering, quantitative social sciences) and three (3) to five (5) years of experience or Bachelor's Degree with five (5) to seven (7) years of experience

Programming experience in Python, Scala, Java or R

Proficiency with query languages (SQL)

Proven expertise in identifying supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms to apply to new types of data with actionable results

Ability to produce fundamental research results and objectives with minimal technical supervision

Excellent oral and written communication skills

Preferred Qualifications:

Degree in a quantitative field (see above)

Experience creating proof-of-concept visualizations to convey results to non-technical audiences (e.g., Tableau, D3, Matplotlib, R GGplot)

Experience with distributed computing (e.g., Map-Reduce, Spark, and other technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem)

Experience applying machine learning algorithms to large (TB/PB scale) data sets

Experience with deep learning architectures and frameworks (e.g., Caffe, TensorFlow, Keras)

About the Organization

KeyW is a pure-play national security solutions provider for the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities' toughest challenges. We support the collection, processing, analysis and dissemination of information across the full spectrum of their missions. We employ and challenge more than 2,000 of the most talented professionals in the industry with solving such complex problems as preventing cyber threats, transforming data into intelligence and combating global terrorism.

Clearance

Clearance: Candidate must be able to obtain Top Secret (TS/SCI) security clearance, based on current background investigation (SBI), as well as the favorable completion of polygraph. Clearance and polygraph processing will be completed by the U.S. Government.

Interested in this position?

Please click apply on the right.

Recruiting Point of Contact:

Phyllis Kerr: pkerr@keywcorp.com

KeyW EEO Statement

KeyW, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, encourages and actively supports a policy of Equal Employment Opportunity and commits to provide equal opportunity to each individual, regardless of race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, national origin or ancestry, marital status, veteran status, disability or any other classifications protected by Federal, State or local law. In fact, we foster an environment that promotes diversity, balance and fun—because we believe in the importance of having a workplace as unique as the challenges we solve.
