Read what people are saying about working here. 

Are you ready to join an organization where you can make an extraordinary impact every day?

Imagine all Americans enjoying ideal cardiovascular health free of heart disease and stroke. At the American Heart Association and American Stroke Association, we get to work toward that goal every day. Is it easy? No. Is it worthwhile? Absolutely.

This is satisfying and challenging work that makes a real difference in people's lives. We are where you can achieve professional growth with personal fulfillment. We are where you can connect people to making a lifesaving impact. We are where you can partner with individuals, schools, lawmakers, healthcare providers and others to ensure everyone has access to healthier lifestyle choices and proper healthcare. The American Heart Association is where you can make an extraordinary impact.

Responsibilities

The American Heart Association (AHA) has an excellent opportunity for a Data Scientist Fellow in our National Center office located in Dallas, Texas (Remote/Home Based is acceptable) .

In this role, you will help drive the development of the next generation technology platform for scientific research. The ideal candidate will have an interest in using data science including Artificial Intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to advance the science of precision medicine within the AHA Institute for Precision Cardiovascular Medicine. The Institute is a highly collaborative environment and candidate will work closely with product experts, software engineers, research grantees, and external scientists and government personnel to creatively solve challenges in medical research using state of the art tools and methodologies.

This is a full time, benefits eligible, 2 year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds, and ongoing operational needs.

Essential Job Duties:

Use AI and ML approaches to develop tools for the Precision Medicine Platform (PMP), a cloud-based platform developed under the auspices of the Institute

Work with team on a harmonization framework and tools for clinical, population, genetic, omic and epidemiological data

Work with scientists/grantees and others as a consultant on data science and applications

Support team in the delivery of external grants by providing a niche area of expertise

Publish journal papers and present work at scientific meetings

Want to help get your resume to the top? Take a look at the experience we require:

Qualifications

PhD within the last 3 years in data science, computer science, applied math, computational science, or a related technical field.

LESS than 3 years paid postdoctoral experience.

Proven consensus builder in a highly collaborative environment.

Excellent written and oral communication skills.

Must be able to travel overnight approx. 20% of the time.

Here are some of the preferred skills we are looking for:

In-depth knowledge of cloud-based architecture; AWS background preferred.

So, are you ready to work for the largest voluntary health organization dedicated to fighting heart disease, stroke and other cardiovascular diseases?

At American Heart Association | American Stroke Association, diversity, inclusion, and equal opportunity applies to both our workforce and the communities we serve as it relates to heart health and stroke prevention.

Be sure to follow us on Twitter to see what it is like to work for the American Heart Association and why so many people enjoy #TheAHALife

EOE Minorities/Females/Protected Veterans/Persons with Disabilities

Requisition ID 2019-3910

Job Family Group Business Operations

Job Category Science & Research

Additional Locations US-Anywhere

 The American Heart Association is the nation’s oldest and largest voluntary organization dedicated to fighting heart disease and stroke. ...
