Our industry-leading client is seeking a Principal Data Scientist to join their dedicated team in Stamford. We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Responsibilities of the Principal Data Scientist: Plan and lead the execution of the analytics life cycle Coordinate technical activities across project teams and the organization Work with stakeholders to understand business needs Make technical decisions for the organization Provide oversight and expertise for activities such as experimental design, machine learning, ad-hoc analytics, and statistics Execute the full scope of advanced analytics techniques Requirements of the Principal Data Scientist: Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent quantitative discipline  At least 12 years of experience in statistical analysis At least 10 years of experience in business analysis and SQL/R/SAS programming At least 6 years of experience in database design or modeling At least 6 years of experience with RDBMS, SQL, scripting, and coding At least 3 years of experience developing and deploying machine learning and analytical models Expert skills and experience with a statistical scripting language support advanced analytics Advanced skills with SQL and relational databases Expert-level logical and analytical skills Broad experience and solid theoretical foundation on the modeling process using a variety of algorithmic techniques  Experience with data profiling, distributions, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing; testing and cross-validation Experience with Data pre-processing, exploratory data analysis using a variety of techniques Experience with regression and classification under linear models, GLMs, and tree-based methods Effective synthesis and presentation skills Experience in consumer-based industries  Clear and effective communication skills across all levels of the organization Demonstrated interest in life long learning and sharing knowledge with others Keywords: Principal Data Scientist, Statistical Analysis, Business Analysis, SQL, R, SAS, Database Design, Data Modeling, Python, SQL, Process Improvement, Reporting About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging nearly 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
