Work Location: Dallas, US Job Category: Senior Data Scientist Job Domain: Big Data / Advanced Analytics Level of Experience: 8-12 years of Relevant Experience Description: Experience using Statistical and Machine Learning algorithms on real data, in commercial environments. Experience in the Telecom Domain is a big plus. Experience with linear algebra, especially sparse systems Excellent and wide ranging experience in supervised and unsupervised learning. Reinforcement learning a plus. Experienced in the use and design of logistic regression, support vector machines, ensemble trees, and neural networks. Optimization problems a plus Familiarity and experience with the standard machine learning packages, such as numpy, scipy scikit-learn, TensorFlow, keras and Theano Deep knowledge in any of the flavors of SQL, Experience in data munging, data cleansing etc. Experience in feature selection, feature engineering. Experience in the development of recommender systems. Experience with Hadoop, HDFS, Hive, Spark and MLlib. Candidate should be very client oriented, proactive, innovative, problem solver. Should be conversant with best practices in data sciences, data mining, and software development. Experience with REST API o Very Good Knowledge on one and more Statistical Tool like R/Python o Solid hands-on experiences with Hadoop technology components such as HDFS, HBase, Cassandra, Kafa especially with Spark and Spark Streaming o Familiar with programming concepts with C/C and Java. o Very Good Knowledge on working with MS Office especially PowerPoint, Excel Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with proven ability to take initiative and build strong, productive relationships. Personal gravitas with demonstrated ability to establish credibility with senior executive teams at large enterprise level Good to have experience in Pricing and Profitability Analytics. Lead customer interactions, while facilitating a wide range of activities. Influence and transform the end-to-end delivery process to maximize the value Customers gain from Analytics Should be able to quickly assess the areas in need of attention with a customer and propose solutions that can improve Customer's ability to succeed. Engage with the customer to drive improvements and scale based on past experiences. Personal gravitas with demonstrated ability to establish credibility with senior executive teams at large enterprise level Ability to handle multiple priorities and successfully execute in a dynamic environment. Ability to facilitate Analytics discussion and flush out the details required to enable successful delivery. Understanding of Importance of Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery best practices and tooling. Should be able to handle multiple projects and liaison with customer different teams to bring overall value add. Should have strong people skills and good team management experience. Minimum Qualifications: BA/BS degree or equivalent practical experience. Experience with the delivery of engagements using Big Data Analytics techniques.
