Our industry-leading client is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join their dedicated team in Stamford. We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Responsibilities of the Senior Data Scientist: Leverage extensive experience to plan and lead the analytics life cycle from end to end Perform data surveying, profiling, and pre-processing Perform planning, requirements analysis, and problem formulation Utilize the full scope of advanced analytics techniques  Model data management for validation Interpret results of data analysis; synthesize recommendations for action and changes Present findings and suggested action and changes to a broad audience Requirements of the Senior Data Scientist: Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent quantitative discipline  At least 10 years of experience in statistical analysis At least 8 years of experience in business analysis and SQL/R/SAS programming At least 2 years of experience in database design or modeling Expert skills and experience with R (required) and/or Python (desired) to support advanced analytics; advanced skills with SQL and relational databases Expert-level logical and analytical skills Broad experience and solid theoretical foundation on the modeling process using a variety of algorithmic techniques  Experience with data profiling, distributions, confidence intervals, and hypothesis testing; testing and cross-validation Experience with Data pre-processing, exploratory data analysis using a variety of techniques Experience with regression and classification under linear models, GLMs, and tree-based methods Effective synthesis and presentation skills Experience in consumer-based industries  Clear and effective communication skills across all levels of the organization Demonstrated interest in life long learning and sharing knowledge with others Keywords: Senior Data Scientist, Statistical Analysis, Business Analysis, SQL, R, SAS, Database Design, Data Modeling, Python, SQL, Process Improvement, Reporting Job ID: 316326 About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging nearly 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
