Contract

Sigmaways is a leading IT consulting, staffing and business process outsourcing company based in Silicon Valley, California. Our Sigmaways Center of Recruiting Excellence (SCORE) enables us to provide quality staffing services with rapid response rates and flexible terms to clients who require best-in-class IT manpower support. We appreciate your interest in Sigmaways and look forward to working with you.

Title: Data Scientist

Duration:  CTH

Location: SantaClara/Pleasanton, CA

ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:

Support other team members in curation and analysis of experimental data. Contribute to experimental design through an individual understanding of the limits and opportunities available through the analytical pipeline and the ways in which algorithmic routines can be tailored to the experimental design.

Work closely with software engineering teams to drive scalable, production-ready implementations

Create insightful, simple graphics to represent complex trends. Generate external routines or small pipelines which recreate commonly used plots for experimentalists when a particular analysis and set of plots is widely needed on a routine basis. Identify new sets of plotting/visualization needs of experimental groups and propose new ways of viewing data, with automated routines that would increase their efficiency.

Present analysis results and demonstrates a qualitative understanding of underlying physical phenomena and analytical methods. Understand and convey the limits of analytical routines chosen for the analysis being presented, and be knowledgeable of alternative approaches with their own advantages and limitations.

Prototype algorithms or data analysis methods. Independently research and propose approaches to analysis which may be alternatives to those recommended by management or more senior data scientists on a particular project.

Document technical work as part of the product development process. Assist with patent/paper publishing.

Contribute to our evolving cloud infrastructure, data engineering pipeline, and analysis stack

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Formal Training/Education:

BS/MS in computer science, engineering, physics or equivalent combination of education/experience

Experience:

MS with 2-4 years, or BS with 4-5 years

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:

Advanced understanding of scientific process and analysis of empirical data. Demonstrated ability to design experimental analyses which result in meaningful conclusions. Additionally, demonstrated ability to communicate needs of analytical design to experimentalists who will execute the physical experiment when new data is required.

Working knowledge of linear algebra, differential equations, calculus and/or discrete math

Probability distributions, classical hypothesis testing, regression. Bayesian concepts: conditional probabilities, priors, posteriors, maximum likelihood estimators. Ability to correctly apply probability theory/statistics across multiple domains with little or no guidance.

Machine Learning: working knowledge of techniques around classification, regression, clustering; Basic understanding of deep learning approaches to categories of machine learning problems.

Algorithms: Fundamental data types (stacks, queues, etc.); Sorting algorithms (quicksort, mergesort etc.)

Strong communication skills and collaborative nature

Proficiency with programming/scripting languages such as Python, R, C++, Java. Demonstrated use of a database querying language such as SQL

Fluency with data analysis libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, sklearn, as well as some experience with scientific programming libraries.

If interested, Please email me at priya at sigmaways dot com or feel free to reach me at

Priya Raj

510-556-7676.

Job Type: Contract

Experience:

Machine Learning: 1 year (Preferred)
