Hinge Health’s mission is to improve the lives of people suffering from chronic conditions by digitizing the delivery of care - starting with musculoskeletal health. Our vision is to be the world’s most patient-centered Digital Hospital. We’re already achieving remarkable outcomes - helping people overcome chronic pain, avoid surgeries, return to work, and get back to doing the things they love. We've raised close to $37M and our growth shows no sign of slowing.

We are looking for a data scientist with strong statistical expertise to analyze data sets for both internal use and external publication. You would work with internal clinical data and external claims data to deliver insights into the effectiveness of our program, and to develop prediction models for improving the value of the Hinge Health system.

Our ideal candidate has a good foundation in statistics and a strong grasp of predictive modeling and machine learning, as well as experience with health data and engineering. This role would be work closely with clinicians, engineers and product managers.

Our tech stack: AWS, Aptible, Docker, Postgres, Redis, Rails, Python, Android, React, and React Native.

REQUIREMENTS

Strong experience with biostatistics (distributions, hypothesis testing, regression analysis, etc.)

Familiarity with predictive modeling techniques (classification, linear regression, ensemble methods)

Strong understanding of the ML algorithm workflow, including conceptualization, data transformation/cleaning, model training and testing, and interpreting diagnostics to measure model performance.

Up to date with recent machine learning developments and techniques.

Ability to gather and correlate data from multiple sources (RDBs, csv, json, etc) and translate into meaningful clinical and commercial insights.

Ability to work with statistical programming language, such as Python (preferred) or R

Experience with Python analysis tools, such as scikit-learn, pandas, NumPy, matplotlib, StatsModels (or similar tools in R or other statistical language)

Ability to perform basic SQL queries

Ability to clearly explain findings through oral and written communication

Ability to work closely with engineers, product managers, and clinicians.

Passion for healthcare

Strong intellectual aptitude and curiosity

BONUS POINTS

Academic publication record and ability to draft and edit publications for submission to peer-reviewed journals.

Experience working with health claims data

Some knowledge of musculoskeletal health or pain management

Good engineering task management skills, including version control, JIRA, etc.

Ability to develop clear, maintainable, efficient code.

Python to community-standards, linting, testing at all appropriate levels.

Understanding of database schema design and operation.

SQL expertise, comfort with joins, unions, views, rollups, windowing functions, testing, etc.

API & JSON parsing experience

Operational competency with cloud-hosted systems such as AWS, Aptible, Heroku, and similar.

WHAT YOU’LL LOVE ABOUT US

Great work culture

Competitive compensation with meaningful stock options

Medical, dental, vision

401K match

Daily lunch

Noise-cancelling headphone

Professional Development budget

Wellness benefit

Flexible vacation policy

Work from home policy

Opportunity to join a fantastically talented, diverse, and passionate team at a pivotal time in the company’s lifecycle

If you're interested - we'd love to hear from you. No recruiters, please.
