General Atomics (GA), and its affiliated companies, is one of the world’s leading resources for high-technology systems development ranging from the nuclear fuel cycle to remotely piloted aircraft, airborne sensors, and advanced electric, electronic, wireless and laser technologies.

General Atomics Electromagnetic Systems (GA-EMS) designs and manufactures first-of-a-kind electromagnetic and electric power generation systems. GA-EMS’ expanding portfolio of specialized products and integrated system solutions support critical fleet, space systems and satellites, missile defense, power and energy, and process and monitoring applications for defense, industrial, and commercial customers worldwide.

We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Software Developer/Data Scientist to join our Intelligent Analytics and Automation team in our Rancho Bernardo, CA location. IA&A team creates Data Analytics solutions for multiple programs, including commercial and government programs, leveraging Open Source Software to ingest, store, and retrieve large volumes of data.

DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:

Leverage knowledge of mathematical and statistical concepts and computer science expertise to bridge the gap between technologists and mathematicians and ensure that software solutions meet analytic requirements.

Responsible for model testing, data pipeline and software integration testing, model maintenance, documentation and meeting data and software quality and compliance standards.

Setup and configuration of HPC/HPDA systems and applications to support data analytics.

Assists and develops Data Analytics as a member of a small agile group.

Presents and publishes research results for customers, professional meetings, and refereed journals.

Performs other duties as assigned or required.

We recognize and appreciate the value and contributions of individuals with diverse backgrounds and experiences and welcome all qualified individuals to apply.

Job Qualifications

Typically requires a bachelors or masters degree in computer science, information systems or related discipline and two or more years progressive software development experience with a bachelors degree. May substitute equivalent experience in lieu of education.

Proficient in C and C++ coding in embedded systems.

Linux Based programming skills is desired

Must have knowledge of modern practices and open source libraries who leverages Big Data applications to ingest, process, store, and serve data.

Other tools/skills desired: Java, GPU-based programming, scripting languages (Bash, Python), databases (SQL, NoSQL).

Must be willing and able to travel.

US Citizenship is required.
