Read what people are saying about working here. 

REF#: 33217

CBS BUSINESS UNIT: Showtime

JOB TYPE: Full-Time Staff

JOB SCHEDULE: Full-Time

JOB LOCATION: New York, NY

DESCRIPTION:

Showtime is seeking an Associate Data Scientist to join its Digital Research and Consumer Intelligence team. This role will report to the SVP and will work alongside members of Data Strategy, Product, and Consumer and Digital Marketing Analytics teams.

Specific Responsibilities

Conduct regular deep viewership analysis, build models, and forecast viewing behavior

Help look for automation opportunities wherever possible to alleviate manual processes

Analyze and evaluate model results, provide ongoing monitoring and improvements

Define strategies and parameters for predictive models and data mining projects, ensuring data integrity and usability

Mine complex user behavioral data and transform it into actionable insights

Constructing and presenting research ideas, prototypes and proofs of concepts

Identifying, ingesting, and enriching a wide range of structured and unstructured big data into datasets for analysis

QUALIFICATIONS:

You are an exceptional communicator with experience presenting complex models and detailed analysis in simplified ways to non-technical staff. You have an excellent background in Python and SQL coding and a sophisticated understanding of machine learning, statistics and data science principles.

Master's degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research or Physics

1+ years of hands-on experience with machine learning, predictive modeling and statistical analysis techniques

Strong programming skills in Python (pandas, scikit-learn, statsmodels, IPython, matplotlib)

Advanced SQL skills and experience with both relational and non-relational databases

Experience in several of the following: regression, classification models, bagging, boosting, decision trees, neural networks, support vector machines, dimensionality reduction, clustering and experimental design

Expert user of data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau)

Outstanding verbal and written communication skills and presentation skills with a sharp ability to simplify complex concepts and convey actionable solutions

ABOUT US:

SHOWTIME and its critically-acclaimed, award-winning original series continue to make their mark on the cultural landscape, with one of the most successful programming slates in all of television. With an impressive line-up of new and returning original series, the SHOWTIME hit dramas and comedies include HOMELAND, SHAMELESS, BILLIONS, RAY DONOVAN, THE AFFAIR, SMILF, THE CHI, KIDDING, ESCAPE AT DANNEMORA and BLACK MONDAY. Original series play a key part in the SHOWTIME programming mix, along with box office hits, comedy and music specials, provocative documentaries, and hard-hitting sports programming, including the flagship franchise SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING® and the Emmy Award-winning veteran series INSIDE THE NFL. SHOWTIME is currently available to subscribers via cable, DBS and telco providers, and as a stand-alone streaming service through Amazon, Apple®, Google, LG Smart TVs, Oculus Go, Roku®, Samsung and Xbox One. Consumers can also subscribe to SHOWTIME via Amazon’s Prime Video Channels, DirecTV Now, FuboTV, Hulu, Sling TV, Sony PlayStation™ Vue, and YouTube TV. The network’s authentication service, SHOWTIME ANYTIME, is available at no additional cost to SHOWTIME customers who subscribe to the network through participating providers. Subscribers can also watch on their computers at [1] www.showtime.com and [2] www.showtimeanytime.com.

References

Visible links

http://www.showtime.com/

http://www.showtimeanytime.com/

EEO STATEMENT:

Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled
