Read what people are saying about working here. 

APPLICATION DEADLINE: Open until filled

For over 125 years, Portland General Electric has proudly served Oregon. Our dedication to helping customers is matched by our commitment to providing PGE employees with a diverse array of rewarding career opportunities. Diversity and community are at the heart of what we do for our customers and for each other. We are committed to a team that looks like the Oregon community that we know and love.

PGE team members are creative problem solvers who love to apply themselves to challenges, big and small. We are looking for team members who will grow their skills, their career and their future with us.

Data Scientist (R1-19-0571)

The Data Strategy & Management (DSM) bears critical responsibility on behalf of Portland General Electric (PGE) to create value for customers, regulators, policy makers, shareholders and business operations through the collection, organization and interpretation of data from PGE’s expansive portfolio of data generating assets, as well as data available from the electric grid, related public and private infrastructure and our service delivery ecosystems. This group directly supports and impacts the success of one of our strategic pillars: Build a smarter, more resilient grid.

This individual collaborates with the business to answer business questions by using data mining techniques, including pattern detection, graph analysis or statistical analysis. He/she will work closely with the Information Architect, Data Architect, Data Engineer, and Business SME’s to gather the criteria that would need to be taken into consideration, the expected qualification and assurance of the information in support of the use cases, identify the information sources (internal or external to the organization) that can support the analysis. Develop cost-benefit analyses and value realization framework that other scientists can follow.

This individual will work with the data steward to ensure that the information used is in compliance with the regulatory and security policies in place. This includes qualifying where information can be stored or what information external to the organization may be used in support of the use case. He/she should be able to do data wrangling, model training, user engagement, assess the volume of data supporting the initiative, the type of data it is (images, text, clickstream or metering data) and the speed or sudden variations in data collection.

This individual will set up data science as a practice and lead other data scientists in the company.

Qualifications include:

Strong communication and interpersonal skills. The ability to communicate with the business to understand requirements and present back findings and recommendations by demonstrating the potential value to the organization.

Self-starter. The ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets. He/she is expected to define the problem space based on industry or technological threats.

Strong programming skills, big data frameworks, Java, Python, statistical modeling (like SAS or R), SQL and depending on the scope of the project, text mining or machine learning.

Advanced business acumen and interpersonal skills; able to work across business lines at senior levels to influence and effect change to achieve common goals.

Substantial data literacy — the ability to describe data sources and management concepts, and analytical approaches/options. The ability to translate among the languages used by executive, business, IT and quant stakeholders.

Mastery in oral and written communication skills, including the ability to explain data concepts and technologies to business leaders, as well as business concepts to technologists.

Proven record of effective leadership, including the ability to balance team and individual responsibilities; building consensus; getting things done through others not directly under his/her supervision; working ethically and with integrity.

The successful candidate will have a total of 8 or more years with vertical industry (utility background) is desired. Five years of experience in data or statistical analysis, with mathematical and causal modeling skills. MSc or PhD in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field, such as physics, economics or operations research.

Join us today and power your potential!

PGE is committed to diversity and inclusion in the workplace and is an equal opportunity employer. PGE will not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment based on race, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, religion, disability, protected veteran status, or other characteristics protected by law.

To be considered for this position, please complete the following employment application by the deadline: https://PGN.igreentree.com/CSS_External/CSSPage_Referred.ASP?Req= R1-19-0571. If you have any questions, please feel free to call us at 503-464-7250.

PGE believes in rewarding strong performance. We provide a total compensation package that is designed to reward your contributions to the company, and, at the same time, support your well-being and professional development, both now and into the future.

Assisting with storms or other Company emergencies is a part of all positions at Portland General Electric.

Talent Acquisition Contact:

Ee Xiong

503-464-7250

Staffing@pgn.com

 Portland General Electric (PGE) is an electrical utility based in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. It distributes electricity to cus...
