AWS Data Scientist, San Diego- $100-140k With the role of an AWS- Big Data Scientist you will be involved in the life cycle of Big Data solutions for a Fortune 500 company. You will be the leader in staying on top of new technologies and sharing them within the company. There is high growth potential in this job role. While delivering top-notch solutions to clients, you will also lead technology innovations. Responsibilities: - Technical position who can develop the lawn engine algorithm and other lawn tools, which use Numpy to translate the intuitions of scientists into robust algorithms that use GIS and other user data to make optimized plans and recommendations for users. - Will help build the machine learning pipeline for the company. Takes in neural networks/geospatial imagery data/ other machine learning endpoints that can make recommendations to the customer. Skills: -Strong decision making in terms of data analysis, and the ability to work with big data. -Machine learning is very important, it will provide the architect with an advantage to handle the large analysis needs. Knowledge and experience with Hadoop, EMR S3 EC2 Redshift -Experience with Data Warehousing and mining -Must have experience with S3, EC2, Redshift, and EMR -Languages- Python, Java -Proven experience with Data Pipelines Contact Details: Looking to fill this position immediately. If interested, please contact j.ricard@jeffersonfrank.com or call 215-600-0481. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Back by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
