Read what people are saying about working here. 

Responsible for advanced and predictive data analytics using big data and data science technology for healthcare innovation and outcomes.

Perform analysis using data science techniques on structured and unstructured data sets, and develop algorithms for targeted business needs.

Design and develop data models to predict member outcomes or future impact of key member decisions.

Design and construct analysis tools that extract, and analyze data and store analytical results in an appropriate format for business needs.

Conduct exploratory data analysis from complex data sources and build key data sets to support Centene’s mission.

Evaluate and design experiments to monitor key metrics and identify improvement opportunities.

Develop mathematical and statistical models to distinguish relevant content or events and recognize patterns.

Participate in presentations and communicate results of analysis and findings.

Participate in the design of automated, operational analytics processes to achieve scale and durability of analysis processes.

Validate and measure the outcomes of health management programs using SAS, R and other tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data

Manage multiple projects as assigned.

Assist with training Data Analysts.

Qualifications:

Knowledge/Experience:

Master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Informatics, Econometrics, Engineering, Experimental Science with 3+ years of experience or Bachelor’s degree and 5+ years of quantitative analysis experience in data science capabilities including data mining, predictive modeling, machine learning, statistical modeling, large scale data acquisition, transformation, and structured and unstructured data analysis.

Experience with database technologies, including Oracle, SAP, DB2, Teradata, MS SQL Server, SAP HANA, MySQL.

Preferred Skills/Experience:

Software engineering proficiency in 2+ programming languages, SQL databases, noSQL databases, writing and consuming API’s, version control and code testing.

Experience writing or maintaining open source software, deploying code for production use by others, programming languages used for data science (e.g. R, Python), application containers (e.g. Docker), streaming data, working with data scientists, statistics coursework, compute clouds, creating database schemas, Linux administration and continuous integration/continuous deployment experience is preferred.

Centene is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, and values the ways in which we are different. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other characteristic protected by applicable law.

 At our core, Centene is focused on changing the world of healthcare and transforming our communities. This is who we are, where we work, ...
