Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist - (

Job Number:
 
190001NL )

COLLABORATE WITH THE BEST

Tackle projects with smart, engaged team members who will help you reach the next level in your career. Our teams treat each other—as well as customers—with integrity, accountability and courtesy.

The Product Support & Logistics Division currently has an opening for a Data Scientist located in our Morton, IL facility. As a Data Scientist at Caterpillar, you will use quantitative methods such as business simulations, data mining, modeling, and advanced statistical techniques to solve problems. You will contribute to this mission by acting as the technical lead of analytics project teams tasked with solving problems.

Job Duties/Responsibilities may include, but are not limited to:

Maximize OPACC by determining the principal drivers, identifying issues, developing simulation/optimization capabilities, and recommending the optimal solutions

Participate on cross-functional project teams and provide overall guidance

Provide assistance to high-profile enterprise-wide projects and act as technical lead where applicable

Explain conclusions to customers with limited knowledge and experience with quantitative analytical methods

Coach and mentor other data scientists

Demonstrate a breadth of knowledge to solve business problems

Continual learning in the analytics field

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree, preferably in statistics, economics, mathematics, or similar field with quantitative coursework

5+ years of progressive job-related experience preferably in supply chain, logistics, or data analytics

Previous experience with SAS

Microsoft Excel experience including: pivot tables, functions, short cuts, and data connections

Experience with data mining and data analytics in large data sets

Previous project management experience

Previous leadership experience

Top Candidates Will Also Have:

Penchant for innovation and above average initiative

Advanced analytical and problem-solving skills

Previous experience with R

Working knowledge of the following Caterpillar systems: DB2, Teradata, Lognet, SCDW, SDW, SPM, and EDS

Strong interpersonal and communication skills with a customer service focus

Thorough understanding of company policies and procedures, especially those with supplier impact

Able to build strong relationships with various stakeholders

APICS CPIM or CSPC National Certification

Caterpillar is not currently hiring individuals for this position who now or in the future require sponsorship for employment visa status; however, as a global company, Caterpillar offers many job opportunities outside of the U.S. which can be found through our employment website at www.caterpillar.com/careers.

#LI

Relocation assistance is available for this position.

EEO/AA Employer. All qualified individuals – including minorities, females, veterans and individuals with disabilities – are encouraged to apply.

Unposting Date
 
- Mar 13, 2019, 4:59:00 AM

Primary Location
 
- United States-Illinois-Morton

Job
 
- Manufacturing & Supply Chain

 Founded in 1910 as Holt Caterpillar Company, Caterpillar machinery is known for its "caterpillar yellow" color. One of the founding fathe...
