Job Title: Data Scientist (1 - 5 years experience) - Itasca, IL Job Description: Data Scientist (1-5 years experience) Compensation:  $60,480 base salary + $32,000 target yearly performance bonus.  Full relocation assistance to Itasca, IL if required Our client is a $3.7 billion dollar company who manufactures and sells factory automation and R&D equipment to increase efficiency, support product development, and improve quality control for their customers. With 70% of the products being world/industry first and strong direct-sales approach, their operating profit margin is 53% leading to the 6th highest position (in terms of market cap) in the largest stock exchange market in Japan (Tokyo Stock Exchange). With a strong salesforce and customer/product base, they are in a great position to approach future potential markets such as manufacturing IOT and robotics. They are looking for a strong Data Scientist to help establish future business in those areas. Job Summary Our Client is looking for a mid-level Data Scientist who has both high technical knowledge and business experience using data science to improve business operations, with a focus on establishing new business. The scope of the job includes technical support to integrate data driven solutions to customers, improved internal and external training programs, marketing resource creation, and providing insight to business customers.  You will be supporting both salespeople and customers in an on-premise setting to help close business deals. Principal Duties and Tasks Support sales teams by providing data driven solutions to customers Improve their technical training program by providing statistical, data-driven input to trainees Collaborate with the marketing department to create marketing resources such as brochures, websites, and other marketing material. Support business research for all business operations Required Qualifications Bachelor’s degree Strong verbal and written communication skills Must be capable of establishing strong relationship with internal and external customers Experience in programming SQL/R/Python/RDB or other statistical software 1+ year experience in using statistical language or software to solve business problems in an enterprise and business environment. Strong business acumen and ability to quickly understand the customer’s needs Deep statistical knowledge Deep database knowledge, including querying data, combining data, manipulating data Additional/Preferred Qualifications Strong IT and peripheral equipment knowledge Experience working in a global organization About Advantage Resourcing At Advantage Resourcing, our primary objective is to perfectly align the best people with the appropriate jobs. These jobs may be temporary assignments or career positions. We place talented people in a wide variety of jobs working with our client companies in areas such as: engineering, IT, technical, manufacturing, skilled trades, distribution, call centers, clerical, accounting, finance and sales. Our strength is being able to solve our clients workforce needs by matching people that have the right skills, knowledge and motivation to each opportunity. Advantage Resourcing can help you discover the personal and career success you desire. The Company supports affirmative action and equal employment opportunity. The Company will provide equal employment in employment practices to all applicants for employment. Employment decisions shall be made without regard to any protected characteristic such as, but not limited to, race, color, religion, gender, age, disability, national origin, ancestry, citizen status, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, status in regard to public assistance, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans and other protected veterans, genetic information and other legally protected classes. Furthermore, the Company is an E-Verify employer. Information provided on this application will not be used for any discriminatory purposes. The Company complies with all applicable federal, state and local non-discrimination laws and regulations. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations in the application or interviewing process. If you need a reasonable accommodation in the application or interviewing process, please contact us. Additional Details:   Job ID: 357544 Dept ID: 10734 Location: Itasca, IL United States of America Industry: Information Technology / IT - Database Job Type: Direct Hire Position Folder Group ID 150 Posted Date:2/26/2019 Domain:xpo Contact: [email protected]
