Read what people are saying about working here. 

Sr. Data Scientist –OE

Minneapolis, MN or Providence, RI

Who is Virgin Pulse?

Virgin Pulse, founded as part of Sir Richard Branson’s famed Virgin Group, helps organizations build employee health and wellbeing into the DNA of their corporate cultures. As the only company to deliver a powerful, mobile-first digital platform infused with live services, including coaching and biometric screenings, Virgin Pulse takes a high-tech-meets-high-touch-approach to engage employees in improving across all aspects of their health and wellbeing, every day – from prevention and building a healthy lifestyle to condition and disease management to condition reversal, all while engaging users daily in building and sustaining healthy habits and behaviors. A global leader in health and wellbeing, Virgin Pulse is committed to helping change lives and businesses around the world for good so that people and organizations can thrive, together. Today, more than 3100 organizations across the globe are using Virgin Pulse solutions to improve health, employee wellbeing and engagement, reduce costs and create strong workplace cultures.

Who are our employees?

At Virgin Pulse we’re passionate about changing lives for good. We want to make a difference in the world by helping people be healthy so they can perform at their best, every day, at work and home. Our award-winning solutions support leading employers in improving and simplifying the employee health and wellbeing journey and engaging people in all aspects of their health. But our world-class products and programs are nothing without our people – the employees who design, build, promote, sell, test and perfect the latest innovations in workplace health and wellbeing. Our people are our top priority and we invest in their health and happiness. At Virgin Pulse, we have so much more than a strong, supportive company culture – have a shared vision for a healthier, happier world.

Who you are.

You are a motivated, resourceful, and detail-oriented Senior Data Scientist - OE to support the organization’s efforts to maintain an innovative leadership position in the employee engagement SaaS industry. The Sr DS-OE manages processes and departmental content, accesses datasets from various sources, conducts analysis, and presents the findings of each analytic and reporting project. The incumbent will be able to lead intra- and inter-departmental collaborations, organize the team’s work, and interpret findings and clearly communicate results and recommendations to internal and external customers. We are looking for someone who is self-directed and thrives working in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, in which expectations are high both for the quality and speed of work.In a typical day you may: In this role, you can expect to make full use of your project management and communication skills while learning new tips and tricks along the way. In a typical day you may:

Conduct ad hoc analysis as required using varied analytical tools and techniques, including advanced statistics

Plan and manage data analytic and reporting processes to ensure the projects remain on schedule and milestones are managed and communicated well

Manage Insights departmental processes, projects and programs using Smartsheet, MS and Atlassian toolsets to keep our collaborative and internal work organized as well as externally facing documentation comprehensive, updated, and accessible

Write Python, R and SQL programs to access, clean, and transform required data prior to analysis and reporting

Develop and deliver analysis results using various visualization and presentation software/tools, such as Tableau, MS Powerpoint, MS Word, etc.

Troubleshoot and perform data audits to ensure and improve data integrity; investigate and resolve data discrepancies

Consult to and collaborate with Product, Reporting, Analytics and Client Success team members to ensure appropriate data is analyzed and that results are provided in a format consistent with standard and customized client reporting services

Support Sales, Marketing, and Client Success staff with direct communication with Virgin Pulse clients and prospects regarding data and analytics processes and projects, as well as the results of analyses

Achieve annual Key Performance Indicator objectives, which can include report volumes and scope, internal and external client satisfaction, introducing new areas of data and analysis, and influencing company product and process decisions

What you bring to the team.

In order to represent the best of what we have to offer you come to us with a multitude of positive attributes including:

A bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, economics, or related field; Master’s degree is a plus

A minimum of four years of work experience in a similar position

Experience with R, SQL and data visualization tools and techniques preferred

Experience with producing and delivering results using varied media (i.e., multiple MS office formats, dashboards/visualization tools, and potentially other formats)

Experience in managing medium and large-scale analytics projects

Experience in employee health management/health engagement industry preferred

Key skills and competencies you regularly demonstrate.

Advanced R/SQL/AWS database programming skills, experience with MS SQL Server, RedShift, Postgres, and Cassandra/NOSQL databases

Strong collaboration, process and project management skills

Strong analytical skills, with an emphasis on quantitative analysis, descriptive and inferential statistics

Expertise in tools such as R, Python, SAS, SPSS or similar statistical software

Strong consulting, communication and presentation skills

Experience working with large-scale datasets and multiple projects simultaneously

Creative energy, self-starter, works equally well independently and collaboratively

Strong organizing and coordination of work products, documents, and content for publication and distribution.

Why work here?

We believe a career should provide competitive pay and benefits, a collaborative and supportive work environment, strong employee culture and cutting-edge technology and services — so many reasons to love it here.

We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any protected class status.

 Virgin Pulse, part of Sir Richard Branson’s world renown Virgin Group, develops and delivers health and wellness technologies and program...
