Read what people are saying about working here. The Challenge:

Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.

In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve real world challenges. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the client's processes and support the advancement of important missions. You’ll work closely with customers to understand questions, needs, and the data-rich environment. You’ll conduct deep dives, develop algorithms, build predictive analytics, and compose data visualizations using the right combination of tools and frameworks, turning massive amounts of information into objective and data-driven evidence to inform decision-makers. You’ll provide customers with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how it can be used.

Empower change with us.

Build Your Career:

At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk; a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition; and participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal Government.

You’ll also have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5,000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success.

You Have:

2+ years of experience with data analytics

Experience with Python and advanced Microsoft Excel techniques

Experience with Tableau and other data visualization tools to help customers better comprehend their data

Ability to prepare complex data sets for analysis or visualization, including methods to consolidate multiple data sets while ensuring data integrity

Ability to present results from large or complex data sets in a coherent and clear format tailored for the audience

Ability to develop deliverables, recommendations, and analysis independently

Ability to obtain a security clearance

BA or BS degree

Nice If You Have:

Experience in engaging with the client directly to design and develop impactful, dynamic, and insightful business intelligence visualizations, dashboards, and analytic tools

Experience with the implementation and usage of risk assessment and risk prediction processes

Experience with supporting Department of Defense and Federal clients

Ability to work on multiple projects, multi-task, manage time effectively, and demonstrate flexibility in responding to conflicting deadlines or priorities

Possession of excellent consulting skills

Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills

Clearance:

Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.

We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. We harness our collective brainpower to solve our clients’ toughest problems using consulting, analytics, digital solutions, engineering,...
