Read what people are saying about working here. 

Colgate-Palmolive is a leading global consumer products company, tightly focused on Oral Care, Personal Care, Home Care and Pet Nutrition. Colgate sells its products in over 200 countries and territories around the world under such internationally recognized brand names as Colgate, Palmolive, Speed Stick, Lady Speed Stick, Softsoap, Irish Spring, Protex, Sorriso, Kolynos, elmex, Tom’s of Maine, Sanex, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Soupline and Suavitel, as well as Hill’s Science Diet, Hill’s Prescription Diet and Hill’s Ideal Balance.

For more information about Colgate’s global business, visit the Company’s web site at http://www.colgatepalmolive.com. To learn more about Colgate Bright Smiles, Bright Futures® oral health education program, please visit http://www.colgatebsbf.com. To learn more about Hill's and the Hill’s Food, Shelter & Love program please visit hillspet.com. To learn more about Tom’s of Maine please visit http://www.tomsofmaine.com.

Location: Piscataway, New Jersey, United States

Relocation Assistance Offered Within Country

# 72403

The Data Scientist is responsible for developing data-driven approaches and infrastructure to inform and accelerate product design and product development, work with cross-functional teams to gather, wrangle, cleanse, structure, and build models that are distributed to the greater R&D team. Train subject matter experts in basic data science skills and increase organizational awareness about data analytics through engagement programs.

Responsibilities:

Build and define strategies for R&D data analytics.

Develop, validate, and impliment programmatic techniques for data visualization, meta-analysis, and machine learning.

Interface with IT to build and sustainably manage data lakes and data warehouses for global use.

Support, train, and assist global R&D scientists via meetings, training sessions, and mentorship to aid the adoption of data analytics tools.

Develop strategies to identify and tackle data analytic problems

Write, refine, and manage python scripts for data analytics

Work with individuals throughout R&D to find key data sources, assess quality, and devise the strategy for wrangling.

Work with current data in PostgreSQL data lake to build pipelines for manipulation, visualization, and predictive modeling

Design data flow to extract data from organizational architecture and ETL into a PostgreSQL data lake.

Present work to R&D leaders and make recommendations regarding strategies for data usage

Build data visualization dashboards for end users using either Tableau or Google Data Studio

Assist in due-diligence assessment of potential outside analytics and software vendors

Support outside vendors and extract deliverables

Share knowledge with immediate data science team through regular presentations of progress, struggles, and advances

Assist in training R&D scientists on basic python skills

Stay abreast of new developments in data science by attending conferences/webinars and following relevant sources.

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Science, Engineering or related field.

At least 4 years of functional experience.

Preferred Qualifications:

Master's degree in Statistics, Data Science or related field.

At least 1 year of Data Science experience.

Previous experience in Consumer Goods Industry.

Are you interested in working for Colgate-Palmolive? You can apply to work with us using this online application. Attach all relevant documents such as a cover letter and resume or CV. Applications received by e-mail are not considered in the selection process.

Become part of our team. We look forward to your application.

Equal Opportunity Employer

Colgate is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

 Every day, millions of consumers around the world trust our products to care for themselves and the ones they love. 

Colgate-Palmolive...
