Job Number: 473098 Principal Data Scientist - Chicago Software Leader Rapidly growing client is one of six top technology innovators in Chicago and offers data team members a real opportunity to bring ideas, challenge perceptions and build what they coin as the industry's top data program. They aim to change the way industry companies view BI and Analytics. This role will play a crucial part in realizing these goals. Principal Data Scientist A hands-on Machine Learning, Data enthusiast and a detail-oriented practitioner. This individual is responsible for developing the big data strategy, building the data science team that will focus on implementing and deploying the state of art machine learning models and develop self-service analytical products to provide contextual Insights. This role while reporting to the department head will drive establishing effective, scalable processes and best practices in ML/AI across the organization. The Principal Data Scientist will be the go-to individual who works closely with internal cross functional teams and external customers while leading and progressing the organizational advanced analytics capabilities. Responsibilities Subject Matter Expert (SME) for the data collection, data science and data visualization initiatives across the department's big data projects. Be a thought leader, create white papers and represent the organization at various industry conferences and events Executive presence with the ability to present, interpret, and recommend results of work including the development of new concepts, major advances in the field, new major applications, and progress on all product programs. Engage with sponsors in business units, functions, or Senior Management as well as with data subject matter experts to identify requirements, understand and define data collection work practices, and acquire data Provide leadership and mentoring to data scientists/engineers and practitioners Partner with cross functional teams to produce integrated end-to-end solution options and deliver on quality products. Passionate about automation and work towards identifying opportunities for increasing efficiencies across the organization. Be the visible face of the data science team to internal partners, external customers and prospects, and the data scientist community at large Build the data science team managing the short and long-term goals, KPI's, and vision for the team Keep pulse of the latest development in AI/ML, big data, and the tools and products data scientists and businesses uses Requirements: Bachelor's degree required. Master's or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field (Highly Preferred) 7+ years of experience in developing and applying advanced analytics and machine learning techniques to software product development and creating high-impact business analytics initiatives Other Relevant Qualifications: Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI and charting libraries such as D3,js and presenting data to stakeholders Experience building production services, preferably as part of a product development team. A track record of implementing data-driven products is ideal. Hands on practitioner and enthusiast with strong problem-solving skills on product development Advanced knowledge of extracting data from relational and NoSQL (Document, Graph, Columnar) databases Expert in data structures and algorithms with expertise in working with structured, semi structured and unstructured datasets Experience working with OLTP/OLAP data architectures Knowledge of supervised, unsupervised machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree, neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Lead all phases of the end to end Machine Learning Pipeline/Lifecycle: data preparation, cleansing, modeling and fine-tuning to build accurate, robust, and reliable statistical results Spearhead technical aspect of model deployment and work with IT and Solution Architects to ensure the full integration of the model Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques Familiar with the following software/tools/platforms: Coding knowledge and experience with programing languages such as C#, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. Experience querying databases and using scripting languages: Python, SQL, etc. Experience with cloud computing (ML) platforms (AWS, GCP, Azure, etc.) Experience with distributed data/computing tools: MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc. Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: Regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
