Read what people are saying about working here. 

What You'll Do

As a Senior Data Scientist, you will lead technical discussion, and implementation of projects related to growth areas. You'll help us evaluate new and emerging technologies and determine applicability to current and future projects. You will architect and design new software product features, help drive projects to completion, define system technical use cases and architecture specification in alignment with business/product requirements.

Who You'll Work With

The Cisco Customer Experience Platform(CXP) is transforming the future of the world's networks through advanced software development. Our software products and technology are behind many of the world's most innovative businesses, leading Cisco's growth in multiple markets. CXP develops products that leverage technologies from leading-edge capabilities like big data, analytics, Machine learning. Pioneering agile methodology, CXP is building a customer-centric culture with self-contained and motivated teams that have clear visibility to our customers. Our team, CXP Innovation Lab, defines a strategic direction related to data to value technologies across the Cisco Customer Experience(CX) organization. The CXP Innovation Lab team develops systems of insights in the area of IoT, Cloud, Data Center, Network and Service Provider. We are excited to have you join our team of experienced data scientists and software engineers to work on projects that have global impact on the CX organization. In these projects, data scientist collaborates very closely with the business strategy, product management as well as engineering and the execution teams.

Who You Are

You've got a strong background in Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning system architecture, design, implementation and deployment. You have deep knowledge of software development background, on open source cloud technologies and application platforms and are a strategic thinker (system level) that can look at the big picture, abstract workflows and provide technical assistance in technology to be used at the strategic level. If so, we're looking for you!

Our Minimum Requirements are:

Ph.D. or Master’s degree in computer science or equivalent

7+ years of experience in building large scale, high performance, ML/DL based systems and Strong Computer Science fundamentals (algorithms, data structures)

Experience with Big Data technologies (Hadoop and other frameworks in Hadoop ecosystem, Elasticsearch, etc.)

Working experience with building ML models, Neural Networks, or any Deep Learning techniques

Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches, operations research and optimization algorithms

Comfort manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high dimensionality data from varying sources

Fluency and facility with one or more of the following programming languages: Java, Scala, Python.

Knowledge of tools such as SPARK, TensorFlow, Microservices, Kafka, HDFS, HBase

Excellent written and oral communication skills, able to communicate with all levels of internal technology teams and business teams

Desired Skills:

Passion for answering hard questions with data

Why Cisco

We connect everything: people, processes, data, and things. We innovate everywhere, taking bold risks to shape the technologies that give us smart cities, connected cars, and handheld hospitals. And we do it in style with unique personalities who aren't afraid to change the way the world works, lives, plays and learns. We are thought leaders, tech geeks, pop culture aficionados, and we even have a few purple haired rock stars. We celebrate the creativity and diversity that fuels our innovation. We are dreamers and we are doers. We Are Cisco.

 Bring your unique self to Cisco, where you'll join with the best people to help Cisco change the way the world lives, plays, works and le...
