Here at Lee Health, Data Scientist feel welcomed, valued and respected, so it’s no wonder we are in the 98th percentile for employee engagement when ranked against the national health care database. Each of our team members is responsible for an exceptional patient experience – no matter our position or location within the health system.

A data scientist's main mission is to collaborate with the business operations team to answer business questions by using data mining techniques, including pattern detection, graph analysis or statistical analysis. This position is an advanced technical professional role responsible for exploring and analyzing data across the enterprise and presenting information and key insights that supports the organization's strategies. Data Model Architecture designs must meet initial needs and allow scalability to support growth. The Data Scientist will have in-depth knowledge across multiple technical environments as well as strong business acumen and can provide expertise regarding systems design, integration and performance analysis across the business. The role promotes shared infrastructure and applications to reduce costs and improve information flows, and it ensures that new technology solutions do not duplicate functionality or diverge from each other and business and IT strategies. This role will interface with the business and IT community to ensure that the right people have access to the right data in the right format at the right time. The Data Scientist will identify and prioritize opportunities for and contribute to the improvement of quality, safety and cost, as well as Patient, Customer, Physician and Employee satisfaction.

Additional Experience Preferences:

Experience utilizing Qlik preferred

Have Questions? Chat with the Recruiter:

Ryan Smith

ryan.smith@leehealth.org

Join our Live Chat Sessions:

Tuesday - Thursday, 12:30pm - 1:30pm EST. Click on the below link to register

https://app.brazenconnect.com/a/leehealth/s/a00oa/next/login

Monday and Friday 12:30pm - 1:30pm EST. Click on the below link to register:

https://app.brazenconnect.com/a/leehealth/s/agvq4/next/login

Requirements:

Educational Requirements

Required:

Bachelor's degree with a major in Information Systems, Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, Statistics or related scientific discipline

Preferred:

Master's Degree or Ph.D in a relevant technical field OR Information Systems certification in a specific supported software package(s)

Experience

Required:

10+ years of experience designing, managing, developing and analyzing multiple large complex data models spanning multiple disparate sources

5+ years of experience delivering key insights to and serving as trusted advisor to Board of Directors, Executives, Directors and Managers

Preferred:

Experience with business and clinical data in a healthcare setting, especially Epic, Lawson Experience utilizing a formal Quality Management methodology such as Lean, Six Sigma or TQM

State of Florida Licensure Requirements

Not Required

Certifications/Registration Requirements

One or more industry certifications such as: PMI, CPHIMS, ITIL, COBIT, CMMI, Six Sigma (preferred)

 Year round warm weather in a peaceful, unspoiled environment...get this AND a rewarding career with Lee Health in Fort Myers, FL.  Lee He...
