Read what people are saying about working here. Job Description:

H2M Group is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our

team!

Data Scientists develop and apply methods to identify,

collect, process, and analyze large volumes of data to

build and enhance GEOINT products, processes, and

systems. They conduct data mining and retrieval and

apply statistical and mathematical analyses to identify

trends, solve analytical problems, optimize performance,

and gather intelligence. They visualize information

using a range of tools (e.g., GIS, R), develop scripts

and algorithms, create explanatory and predictive

models, and conduct comparative analyses to address

complex military and intelligence problems. The

Contractor shall provide data science services within

the support of GEOINT analysis. Knowledge of data

science, methodologies, and processing techniques shall

be employed on behalf of GEOINT analysts and community

customers while providing operational support.

The ideal candidate will be be responsible for, but not

limited to:Tasks:

Develop methods for querying, visualizing, aggregating,

and correlating big data across intelligence

disciplines.

Optimize existing databases to speed up the query,

input, export, and visualization of data.

Work with AOS and AOB team to develop strategies for

exposing new datasets and create migration plans for

legacy datasets.

Build custom solutions (tools, processes, etc.) to

automate or assist analytic endeavors as submitted by

AOS and AOB leadership and analytic units.

Write scripts in Visual Basic, R, Python or other

software for statistical models using large datasets to

extract patterns, relationships, and anticipatory

behaviors that are repeatable, efficient, hypotheses

testing, and knowledge capture.

Use mathematical concepts and techniques to solve

complex GEOINT analysis problems sets; understand

concepts associated with structured data and relational

databases.

Use tools, such as Arc GIS, Excel, SPSS, SAS, MatLab, R,

or other statistical packages, to analyze and visualize

operational data; visualize data both temporally and

spatially to assist in data integrity checks, prepare

for follow-on analysis, ask the next question, and

display analytical assessments.

Maintain, move and manipulate data between applications,

using appropriate software; SQL databases, ArcServer,

table data, relational/NoSQL DBMS, Microsoft EXCEL

spreadsheets, ACCESS database management system,

Tableau, Insights, ORACLE, an analyst provided data for

ingest and cleaning.

Be available for troubleshooting access and performance

issues.

Develop tradecraft techniques and training solutions for

discovery, preparation, manipulation, and normalization

of big data so that methods are repeatable and can be

explained to users.

Requirements:

Active TS/SCI

11+ years of relevant experience

A bachelor's degree in a field related to the

support services may count for up to four years of

this experience. A master's degree in a field

related to the support services may count for up to

two additional years of this experience.

Experience applying multidisciplinary mathematical

and statistical models via programming language to

large datasets to extract patterns, relationships

and anticipatory behavioral likelihoods that may not

be apparent using traditional single discipline

means.

Experience in developing tradecraft techniques and

training solutions for discovery, preparation,

manipulation and normalization of big data so that

methods are repeatable and can be explained to

analysts.

Experience using mathematical concepts and

techniques to solve complex GEOINT analysis problem

sets; understand concepts associated with structured

data and relational databases.

Experience understanding and explaining the

relationship between the data collected for a

real-world problem and the required structure of a

relational database to help solve that problem.

Experience conceptualizing the relationship between

a database structure and the requirements for

analyzing and visualizing those data both temporally

and spatially.

Experience writing scripts in Visual Basic, R,

Python, Java, Javascript, C++ or other software for

modeling processes, with a focus on repeatability,

efficiency, knowledge capture, and hypothesis

testing.

Experience using tools, such as ArcGIS, Excel,

Python, SPSS, R, or other statistical packages, to

analyze and visualize data; visualize data both

temporally and spatially to assist in data integrity

checks, ask the next question, and display

analytical assessments.

Experience maintaining, moving and manipulating

data between application, using appropriate software

and/or Extract-Transform-Load (ELT) procedures:

Microsoft EXCEL spreadsheets, ACCESS database

management system and/or ORACLE, Postgresql, or SQL

Server and importing and cleaning analyst-provided

datasets (Excel, geospatial data, etc.).

Experience using statistical software (SPSS, SAS,

MatLab etc.), desktop software (MS Office and

Access), and the Windows operating environment. Of

particular importance is software packages used for

advanced statistical analysis of operational data.

Desired Skills:

Bachelors or graduate level degree in Data Science

or a related field.
