At JLL we are always looking for great talent in Data Science. The position listed below is for a position we will recruit for in the near future, and is not a current need. If you are a fit for this position, we will contact you as soon as we begin actively recruiting for it. If you would like to stay up to date on positions at JLL, please join our Talent Network at jll.jobs.net/join. Sr. Data Scientist - Allen, Texas Corrigo is a business unit of JLL that creates industry-leading, cloud-based software for facilities managers and service providers. Corrigo Enterprise is relied on around the world to optimize processes and planning at all types of facilities in dozens of industries, building in efficiencies throughout the value chain. Facilities leaders enjoy powerful vendor management tools with intelligent procurement, end-to-end work order management, and a full complement of technician management and asset management tools. All activities within the facilities management process feed a powerful analytics engine at Corrigo’s core, producing elevated business insight for intelligent action. The primary objective of this role is to extract business value from the Corrigo data and contribute to embed intelligence in our products that drive superior business outcomes for our customers. This professional will deliver Business Intelligence (BI) as well as Analytics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) capabilities in partnership with Sales, Marketing, Engineering, and other team members. This data scientist will consult with decision makers, subject matter experts, and other stakeholders to understand the business questions and identify the most appropriate method for each problem.  Then work with the appropriate partners to identify and extract the required data, design the BI/AI solution, and implement it. The job entails a wide range of data-related hands-on activities starting with data extraction and preparation and ending with the validation and presentation of results. Key Responsibilities: -        Consult with clients, partners, and stakeholders.  Understand business needs and challenges. Advice on BI/AI strategies applied to Facilities Management, Maintenance, and Real Estate. -        Develop requirements and benefit/cost estimates for BI/AI solutions. -        Deliver high-impact BI solutions including dashboards, visualizations, and extensions. -        Deliver high-quality, action-oriented, compelling recommendations and insights for decision makers based on descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics. -        Deliver models and complex data analyses using rigorous statistical methodologies, machine learning algorithms, and AI techniques. -        Collaborate with and provide support to the productizing/operationalization of intelligence. -        Find, collect, explore, validate, and prepare the data for analysis. Responsibilities would include querying, scraping, loading, validating, cleaning, aggregating, transforming, detecting outliers, imputing missing values, developing features, and scripting these processes. -        Develop processes that automate the extraction, preparation, and analysis of data in order to deliver reproducible results and reusable components. -        Thoroughly validate quality of outputs and perform peer review for other team members. -        Manage projects, ongoing requests, and resolve issues in order to ensure delivery on time and according to specifications. -        Research options, methodologies, technologies, and tools required for projects. -        Strive for excellent service delivery and development of both hard and soft-skills. -        Help and coach junior data scientists/analysts in the team. Required Skills: -        Excellent quantitative, analytical, and problem-solving skills. -        Team player able to collaborate effectively in large cross-functional projects. -        Client orientation, business acumen, and execution skills to drive superior business results. -        Experience using data to answer business questions, find new insights, understand drivers, detect potential issues, and make recommendations to decision makers. -        Experience developing impactful visualizations, dashboards, and reports. -        Knowledgeable about multivariate statistics, statistical modelling, and development of metrics/KPIs. -        Knowledgeable about machine learning algorithms and demonstrated experience implementing classification models, regression models, cluster analysis. -        Demonstrated experience developing processes to extract, load, and transform data from different types of structured and unstructured sources. -        Demonstrated experience developing data-prep processes and feature-engineering pipelines to help feed analytical databases, dashboards, data models, and data analyses. -        Knowledgeable about simulation and optimization models. -        Highly developed written and verbal communication skills. -        Passionate about challenges, quality of work and reputation. -        Ability to excel in an intellectually demanding and challenging environment. -        Ability to multi-task and deliver outstanding results under time pressure. -        Ability to organise time and tasks and communicate risks pro-actively. -        Ability to quickly learn new methods, algorithms, techniques, and tools. Additional Valuable Skills: -        Experience with agile methodologies applied to BI and analytics development -        Experience delivering near-real time analytics and data streaming processes. -        Experience designing the architecture of analytical processes/solutions in a way that accelerates time to market, maximizes reuse, performs well, and ensures quality. -        Experience with data architecture, data integration/ETL, and data warehouse implementation in a complex environment. -        Experience in Deep Learning models and AI frameworks. -        Experience in Text Analytics, NLP, and Natural Language Generation. -        Experience in Statistical Process Control. -        Experience implementing forecasts accounting for trends, seasonality, and external drivers. -        Experience in Operations Research and optimization models (LP, MILP, NLP, GA.) -        Experience implementing forecasting models that properly account for trends, seasonality patterns, and external drivers. -        Experience with big-data technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Hive, and similar -        Experience with Longitudinal Data Analysis, Discrete Choice Models, and Survey Analysis -        Experience with design of experiments and statistical measurement to optimize results -        Experience with different types of database technologies (relational, graph, etc.) -        Prior consulting experience is advantageous     Qualifications: -        Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Engineering, Economics or another field of scientific and quantitative nature;  Master’s or PhD degree advantageous. -        5+ years of experience in a data scientist role or performing advanced data science tasks -        Experience analysing data to derive actionable intelligence and drive superior business results -        Experience working with databases including RDBMS such as Microsoft SQL Server and writing complex SQL queries -        Experience working with BI and visualization platforms such as Tableau and Power BI -        Experience programming in R, Python, Spark and other relevant languages for data science -        Experience with statistical software and modelling such as SAS, SPSS, Rapid or similar -        Excellent computer skills including proficiency in MS Excel, Word and Outlook #LI JLL Privacy Notice Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL), together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, is a leading global provider of real estate and investment management services. We take our responsibility to protect the personal information provided to us seriously. Generally the personal information we collect from you are for the purposes of processing in connection with JLL’s recruitment process. We endeavour to keep your personal information secure with appropriate level of security and keep for as long as we need it for legitimate business or legal reasons. We will then delete it safely and securely. For more information about how JLL processes your personal data, please view our Candidate Privacy Statement. For additional details please see our career site pages for each country. For employees in the United States, please see a fully copy of our Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action policy here. Jones Lang LaSalle (“JLL”) is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities.  If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process – including the online application and/or overall selection process –  you may email us at accommadationreques@jll.com. This email is only to request an accommodation. Please direct any other general recruiting inquiries to our Contact Us page > I want to work for JLL.
