Read what people are saying about working here. 

reqid: 27246

The Marketplace Intelligence team under Category Solutions provides powerful data-driven solutions, leveraging shopper data, market insights, econometrics and data science to develop robust growth strategies and provide consulting to the Greetings business. We focus on using data to understand our shopper, category and marketplace trends, leveraging a vast amount of sources to our advantage. We thrive at uncovering actionable insights and strategies to drive long-term sustainable grow for Hallmark. We are looking for motivated individuals who love exploring data to uncover hidden trends, develop robust statistical models and experiments to help drive the business.

The Associate Data Scientist I, under the Marketplace Intelligence team, serves in an assest in Category Solutions and the Hallmark Greetings organization, guiding them in the best ways to use data and insights to drive the category and business. This person will leverage advanced analytics and data science to understand the various shopper, external and retail factors impacting Hallmark and the Greetings category. His/her objective is to leverage advanced modeling and analysis, to uncover key shopper, marketplace, social, economic and customer insights for the organization. This person will build predictive models, experimentations, leverage machine learning and big data to find solutions that lead to optimal performance in the marketplace and retail box.

We are looking for someone who:

Has a passion for leveraging various data sources to uncover data-driven solutions, shopper insights, macro/micro economic drivers, competitive intelligence, and marketplace/retail box trends to drive business opportunities.

Loves using statistical, data science and econometric models to predict, analyze, test, validate and develop insights on how to drive grow in the Greetings category, both retail and online.

Has a strong desire to combine robust data science with business acumen and help create actionable solutions for business leaders.

Is experienced, educated and/or passionate on various data science techniques, including classification and regression, unsupervised learning, image processing, NLP, spacial analysis and other techniques.

Has prior experience with analytics around retail, consumer product goods (CPG), consumer trends, marketplace insights and/or economic/political factors.

Thrilled to work with a cross-functional team of analysts, researchers and business leaders to address the various challenges and opportunities for Hallmark.

This individual will report to the Data Analytics Manager of Marketplace Intelligence, with key partners in across the organization.

REQUIREMENT:

To be considered an applicant for this position you must show how you meet the basic qualifications of the job in a resume or document you upload, or by completing the work experience and education application fields. Accepted file types are Microsoft Word (DOC or DOCX), PDF, HTML, or TXT. Individual file size attachment limit is 10 MB.

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

Bachelors or Master’s degree in Statistics, Physics, Math, Engineering, Economics, Finance, Data Science, Computer Science, Operations Research OR a quantitative field

A minimum of 1 year of professional experience or academic training in data science, advanced analytics, and/or statistical modeling (regression, ANOVA, validation techniques, etc.)

A minimum of 1 year of professional experience or academic training in statistical programming languages (SAS, R, Python, Octave, SPSS, MATLAB, etc.) and SQL

PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:

Master’s or PhD in Statistics, Physics, Math, Engineering, Economics, Finance, Data Science, Computer Science, Operations Research OR a quantitative field

Experience with advanced statistical modeling, including predictive analysis, forecasting, regression, experimentation (multivariate is a plus), data mining, sequential/time-series, supervised and unsupervised models, etc.

Experience with various databases and Big Data platforms (SQL, Hadoop, and Spark) and data visualization tools including Tableau, Dash, RShiny, D3.js, Microstrategy, etc.

Experience in leveraging various data sources (both proprietary and public) to uncover data-driven solutions, shopper insights, macro/micro economic drivers, competitive intelligence, and marketplace/retail box trends to drive business opportunities.

Experience in computer programming, APIs, macro/function design and automation (Java, Perl, C++, Chron Jobs, Ruby, etc.)

Passionate about developing “so-what” insights, including the ability to simplify large and complex problems to determined appropriate approaches and uncover data driven actionable solutions

Experience utilizing technical and business acumen to drive strategy and solutions, including high expertise in other business subject matters

Able to provide a GitHub or coding portfolio of prior data science, computer programming and statistical work and projects

Strong desire to explore various data sources to uncover hidden trends and opportunities for the organization

Self-directed, detail & team oriented with highly developed problem solving and analytical skills

Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, coupled with strong organizational, planning and interpersonal skills

In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act of 1986, Hallmark Cards, Inc. and its subsidiary companies will hire only individuals lawfully authorized to work in the United States. Hallmark does not generally provide sponsorship for employment. Employment by Hallmark is contingent upon the signing of the Employment Agreement, signing of an agreement to arbitrate in connection with the Hallmark Dispute Resolution Program, completing Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification, passing the urinalysis drug screen, education verification and satisfactory reference and background checks.

BENEFITS AND PERKS:

At Hallmark, we help people feel connected to what matters. That’s true of our employees, just as it is our consumers. Providing benefits that support the lives and wellbeing of Hallmarkers is among the most important investments the company makes.

Hallmark benefits are designed to give you choices. Wherever you are in life, we want you to find the benefits that are right for you and your loved ones. Explore the Hallmark Benefits Guide to learn more.

Hallmark is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, pregnancy, national origin, physical or mental disability, genetics, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other legally-protected status. Principals only please.

 For more than 100 years, family-owned Hallmark Cards, Inc. has been dedicated to creating a more emotionally connected world. Headquarter...
