Contract

Full Time(Students and Experienced candidates): Pls provide your current work eligibility status if you are not a citizen .

Contracting Candidates-CORP to CORP : Pls make sure you include the employer details and Rate to be considered .

JOB DESCRIPTION: 

Data Scientists(Jr. or Sr.) are responsible for understanding, preparing, processing and analyzing data to make the data valuable and useful for operational and/or decision making purposes. Data Scientists(Jr. or Sr.)may need to collaborate with other IT dept teams to create highly useful information.

Uses knowledge of business objectives, strategies, and needs to identify opportunities where data can be leveraged to achieve the desired business benefits.

Has an understanding of current data context, processes and availability, and how current data processes and existing data can be leveraged to achieve the desired benefits.

Prepares and analyzes data. This includes: locating, profiling, cleansing, extracting, mapping, importing, transforming, validating or modeling.

Applies query, data exploration and transformation, basic statistical methods and visualization techniques to create business insights and to improve data quality.

Performs validation and testing to confirm the accuracy of the information created.

Interprets results of analyses, identifies trends and issues, and develops recommendations to support business objectives.

Communicates complex information so that it is easy to understand and influences other to take action based on the useful information provided.

Design and build scaled analytics solutions that create strong foundational capabilities and increase the offerings ability to go-to-market with speed and scale

Creation and automation of processes to support pricing strategies, provide better/timelier assortment planning, category management support and deeper pricing insights

Conduct adhoc analytics for leadership as needed

Preferred Qualifications: 

Bachelor's degree (e.g. technical, analytics field) or strong equivalent analytics work experience.

Good communication skills

Strong programming skills in various languages such as R,Python and SQL.

Experience with any visualization tools like Qlikview, Tableau is preferred.

Experienced with big data technologies - Hadoop,Cassandra, Spark,Hive, MangoDB etc

Any experience in Machine Learning and Statistical Analysis will be a plus

Experience developing creative and innovative data driven solutions with business value

Strong experience with data blending, data analysis, data exploration, data management, data warehousing and sourcing

Experience with relational databases, automation and technical solutions strongly preferred

Ability to innovate, investigate and create solutions to business problems

Heavily focused on execution. Comfortable with self-directing on projects, assisting management in establishing timetables and meeting deadlines

Ability to take strategic goals from manager and develop project goals, timelines and metrics.

Job Types: Full-time, Contract

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Work authorization:

United States (Preferred)

Required travel:

25% (Preferred)
