Data Scientist – Spring House, PA Open ended contract position with Kelly OCG (Outsource Consulting Group). You will receive full benefits including Medical, Dental, Vision, Paid vacation, Holidays, sick time, and 401k, etc. Rate: $125k JOB DESCRIPTION:    To optimize the data flow and enable timely, data-driven decision making, we are looking for someone to map the current Discovery Sciences data flows, identify opportunities for improvement and propose and implement solutions, with a focus on the in- and outflow of the discovery data warehouse. Special attention will be paid to the standardization of the data flow for external collaborations. One of the key objectives of this function will be to make sure that internal and external data generated by or on behalf of Discovery Sciences. This will involve close partnering with the scientists and with the R&D IT organization. In addition, this person will also be involved in collecting data from different sources and making it efficiently available to different project teams. There are tools in place to accomplish this, but these are often managed by scientists at the expense of their time at the bench, so transitioning some of these tasks to the Data Operations team will free up some of the scientist's time. We are looking for an enthusiastic, customer-oriented IT-savvy scientist or an IT professional with a scientific background to implement these projects and to support the scientists on additional data flow related topics in their daily work.   Key Responsibilities  Process mapping: map the existing data flows in Discovery Sciences for data generated internally and externally, identify gaps and implement solutions in the DS data flows to reduce cycle times, deliver high quality data and enable timely decision making  Data capture: collaborate with the scientists to upload all data in the discovery data warehouse, include metadata, understand the requirements of data scientists, enable re-usability of data outside the context of the original project Design and roll out a process for streamlined external data capture, improve collaboration and data sharing with internal and external partners, enable efficient, globally aligned data systems and processes to foster collaboration across the teams and functions Foster data FAIRification across DS Become an expert in data warehouse in- and outflow, assist users with data flow related questions, partner with R&D IT to troubleshoot and resolve issues  Assist chemists in data collection and visualization for their project data sets Qualifications A minimum of a Master’s degree is required, preferably in Computer Science, Science or a related discipline. A minimum of 3 years of relevant industry experience in drug discovery is required. Additional Detail: We appreciate all our applicants, but we are not able to sponsor now; no C2C or H-1B. No third-party suppliers. There is no ‘per diem’ with this position, and must be able to work on W-2 hourly basis. There is no relocation budgeted for this position. If this position requires you to relocate you will be responsible for those costs. As your local offices do not support this position, for immediate consideration, please apply online to this posting directly. Resumes in MS Word are preferred. If you have questions about the position, you may contact the recruiter at [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]; however, your resume must be received via the official posting. Why Kelly®? The Managed Solutions practice within Kelly Outsourcing and Consulting Group (KellyOCG®) is one focus within the full array of Kelly Services® workforce solutions. Kelly Services has transformed from the staffing industry pioneer to a leading workforce solutions provider. KellyOCG is the distinguished outsourcing and consulting segment of Kelly Services, known for applying a forward-looking approach that enables companies to make strategic workforce planning decisions that impact their business and competitive advantage. The Managed Solutions practice area of KellyOCG is dedicated to partnering with clients to architect and implement solutions that put them in a position to meet their operational obligation to their organization and freedom to focus on their more strategic business needs. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to have a role in managing employment opportunities for more than one million workers around the globe. We employ 550,000 of these individuals directly with the remaining workers engaged through our talent supply chain network of supplier partners. Revenue in 2015 was $5.5 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
