3Ci is looking for a Data Scientist for a direct hire opportunity with one of our most innovative clients, a world leader in security and tool solutions. If you are a curious person. If you like to tinker. If you like to get your hands dirty and build solutions from scratch, then this position could be a great fit for you. What you will be responsible for:  Collecting data and developing insights related to innovative new business initiatives, focused on the digital enablement of worksites, as well as the Internet of Things. Leverage big data to discover patterns and solve strategic & tactical business problems using massive structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments. Build, test, and deploy predictive models and/or machine learning algorithms on large static and/or streaming data set, through partnership with various SaaS vendors. Drive the collection, cleansing, processing and analysis of  both new and existing data sources. Report findings by creating useful and appropriate data outputs and visualizations tailored for the intended audiences Learn & stay current on Internet of Things developments, news, opportunities, and challenges. Generate innovative ideas, establish new research directions, shape and execute the information strategy in support of technical projects and new product developments. Work with and support other team members, management, and partners. Required Experience: Advanced degree in a relevant technical field with minimum of 2+ years experience in related data science, analytics, and model building roles or 5+ years experience in directly related roles Extensive experience working with large complex data sets, real time/near real time analytics, and distributed big data platforms (Hadoop & MapReduce and/or Cassandra/Spark) Extensive knowledge of analysis tools such as R, MATLAB, Spark or SAS. R/Spark on Hadoop or Cassandra preferred. Strong practical knowledge of analytical techniques and methodologies such as machine learning/supervised and unsupervised techniques, segmentation, mix and time series modeling, response modeling, lift modeling, experimental design, neural networks, data mining and optimization techniques. Extensive background in applying statistical machine learning techniques to predictive modeling and experience with Machine Learning libraries (via R, H2O, Python, Spark, etc) Proficiency in programming in Python, R, SQL, Javascript, Java/Scala/Ruby and shell scripting. Proficiency in consuming REST based API (with JSON payload) is a plus. Fluency in big data platforms including Hadoop, MapReduce, Hive, Spark, PIG Familiarity with Cloud based HaaS/PaaS solutions such as AWS EMR, MS Azure. Natural curiosity and a strong passion for empirical research and problem solving Strong written and verbal communications skills; comfortable communicating with senior levels of both business and technology leadership.
