Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Data Scientist of The Hartford Small Business Innovation Lab transforms exposures into opportunities. You have a deep understanding of the risks inherent with small businesses. You appreciate how macroeconomic factors and other externalities can acutely impact their operations. You believe technology, through data and analytics, can bring better risk management solutions to market for small businesses. You have the entrepreneurial mindset to explore those possibilities.

In the Small Business Innovation Lab, your mission will be to prove / disprove thesis statements and develop new analytical models to power experimentation. You know data will drive this industry’s transformation; you will find it and use it. Your competence in developing algorithms to solve business challenges, demonstrable expertise with machine learning or natural language processing, and storytelling ability to translate complex analytical results to business value have been cornerstones of your success to date.

Responsibilities:

Leverage available data sources to build a holistic risk picture for the customer based on knowledge of their business activities and needs – find new third party sources of information when needed

Produce data insights to influence prototypes, solutions, and go-to-market strategies

Apply statistical methods and machine learning techniques to create viable business propositions

Collaborate with enterprise data science and product management teams

Price new product offerings based on analysis of exposures and risk controls

Work with Product Lead to develop new risk management solutions

Qualifications

Have a Bachelors (required) or an M.S. (preferred) in Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Data Science, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Computational Economics, or related major required

Risk management experience across at least two relevant sectors: Insurance, Financial Services, Healthcare and Life Sciences

Proven experience applying Data Science, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning technology to business problems

Ability to develop advanced statistical models and interpret model results required

Creative thought partner with the ability to connect customer research to data insights

Exceptional communication skills with the ability to present and translate complex information to non-technical team members

Experience in Machine learning (Bayesian Analysis, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Boosted Trees, Support Vector Machines, Neural Networks, etc.)

Proficiency with Java, Python, R, SQL, SAS, SQL, VBA, Azure ML, Spark

Expertise with data visualization (Tableau) to produce exploratory insights: histograms, box plots, scatter plots

Entrepreneurial mindset; strong teamwork skills

About the Innovation Lab:

The Hartford Insurance Group is creating an industry-leading Small Business Innovation Lab is located in the FiDi and wholly dedicated to re-imaging the risk management and digital needs of Small Business Owners. The Small Business Innovation Lab is a brand new endeavor to challenge old orthodoxies, embed ourselves with our customers to understand how their worlds are evolving, and create new products, services, and businesses to address their needs. We will be fast, collaborative, customer-centric, and tech-led.

This groundbreaking team for Small Business Innovation Lab will work together to:

Create new sources of value by looking beyond today’s method of doing business inclusive of identifying ways to extend our model into adjacent spaces or entirely new business models. Pace and speed will be paramount as we prove out the next wave of leading-edge capabilities and models to be adopted or infused into our market-leading business model.

Deliver strategic insights by hedging against disruption on our own terms.

Behaviors at The Hartford

Deliver Outcomes – Drive exceptional performance to move the company forward.

Operate as a Team Player – Collaborate inclusively to achieve the best results.

Build Strong Partnerships – Create lasting value through trusted relationships.

Strive for Excellence – Always look for ways to continuously improve.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Females/Minorities/Veterans/Disability/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity or Expression/Religion/Age

Job Function

: Data Engineering

Primary Location

: United States-New York-New York

Schedule

: Full-time

Job Level

: Director

Education Level

: Bachelor's Degree (±16 years)

Job Type

: Standard

Shift

: Day Job

Employee Status

: Regular

Overtime Status

: Exempt

Travel

: Yes, 10 % of the Time

Job Posting

: Mar 5, 2019, 4:14:22 PM

Remote Worker Option : No

 The Hartford is a leader in property and casualty insurance, group benefits and mutual funds. We have a passion for helping people and bu...
