Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

To ensure that Visa’s payment technology is truly available to everyone, everywhere requires the success of our key bank or merchant partners and internal business units. This role is in the Cybersource business unit.

Cybersource is a payment management solutions company. CyberSource provides a complete portfolio of services that simplify and automate payment operations. Customers use our CyberSource and Authorize.Net brand solutions to process online payments, streamline fraud management, and simplify payment security.

Cybersource is in the Merchant Sales & Acquisition (MS&A) organization within Visa. Our department, Cybersource Sales Operations, supports the MS&A organization to drive change throughout Visa in terms of Visa’s prioritization and value proposition for merchants and acquiring banks globally. The sales operations reporting and analytics team supports the business primarily around developing automated solutions for management reporting and analytics.

The position is On-Site and based at Visa's headquarters in the San Francisco Bay Area (Foster City, CA).

Responsibilities

Be an out-of-the-box thinker who is passionate about brainstorming innovative ways to use our unique data to answer business problems using advanced analytical techniques

Communicate with stakeholders to understand the challenges they face and convince them with data

Extract and understand data to form an opinion on how to best help our internal clients and derive relevant insights

Develop visualizations to make your complex analyses accessible to a broad audience

Partner with a variety of Cybersource teams to provide comprehensive solutions

Find opportunities to apply machine learning solutions to both exising automations as well as net new ones

Work with Sales Leaders to analyze business needs and develop reporting utilizing Salesforce, Tableau and Finance systems (e.g. Oracle Revenue Management & Billing/ORMB, etc.) as our main data sources.

Facilitate information flow specific to business requirements on analytical projects, communications and education to various cross functional teams. This will motivate self-starting skills in order to arrive at answers that are culled from numerous stakeholders on the leadership team.

Develop processes to manage ongoing changes and improvements to internal sales reporting and tools as needed, thereby maintaining the integrity of key standard information.

Develop models using data science, machine learning and predictive analytics that add rigor to existing automations such as Sales Forecasting, Sales Territory Carving and Analysis, Sales Pipeline Slippage, Cross-Sell Opportunity identification and many more

Qualifications

Can you take on the responsibilities described above? Then please apply! Independent of years of experience or educational background, successful candidates frequently have a mix of the following qualifications:

2+ years experience in data-based decision-making or quantitative analysis

Bachelor’s degree in an analytical field such as statistics, operations research, economics, computer science or many others (Master's degree is highly preferred)

Experience with extracting and aggregating data from large data sets using SQL or other tools

Competence in Excel, PowerPoint and Tableau

Experience in understanding and analyzing data using statistical software (e.g., Python, R, Rapid Miner or others). Hands-on experience with Propensity-To-Buy models.

Communication skills to take highly complex statistical output and convey facts to broad audiences

Analytical curious; finding facts in data is considered fun

Proactive/ self-starting; willing and able to take on new challenges and responsibilities

On site role; no virtual employees.

Additional Information

Sample strategic projects to which the person in the role will be exposed:

Design a standard Quarterly Business Review report that illuminates key insights for an account.

Taking existing global sales forecast models and potentially building newer segmentations to illuminate unforeseen pockets of the business to spur opportunity

Customer Attrition Models

Revenue Slippage Models

Sales Pipeline Slippage Models

Adding automations to existing production reports

 Visa Inc. is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, businesses, financial institutions and governments in more tha...
