Read what people are saying about working here. 

Jr. Data Scientist

Position Summary:

We are looking for a Jr. Data Scientist to join our Data Science and Advanced Analytics team. A successful candidate should have strong analytical skills with ability to manage and execute end-to-end analytical projects focused on quantifying the impact of marketing and media activities on sales.

Job Responsibilities:

Provide on-going analytical support utilizing marketing mix modeling, forecasting and custom analytic projects to address a wide variety of business issues including marketing, media, pricing and ROI optimization.

Data collection, validation, model development, translating complex statistical output into meaningful insights and solutions deck creation with model results, implications and key recommendations.

Manage project timelines and deliverable schedule and share concerns about deliverables, timelines, and issues with manager.

Should be able to work both individually and collaboratively in teams, to achieve project goals.

Work with internal stakeholders to enhance processes, and help develop new capabilities to expand analytical scope.

Qualifications & Skills:

Bachelor’s Degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics, Quantitative Finance or Engineering is required. Master’s degree is preferred.

1+ years of experience in analytic function.

Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: Classification Analysis, Cluster Analysis, Regression Analysis, Attribution modeling, etc.

Analytical thinker and critical problem solver with deep business acumen and ability to connect data to business strategy. Ability to explain complex statistics in a quick and parsimonious way.

Ability to work with multiple teams on different projects while simultaneously fostering connections with the stakeholders of the insights.

Exposure to AI, Machine Learning (ML), Natural Language Processing (NLP), and/or Deep Learning is a plus.

Proficiency with data-management, statistical and optimization tools, ideally R/SAS/SQL/Python/Stata.

Attention to detail.

ABOUT US

Mattel is a leading global children's entertainment company that specializes in design and production of quality toys and consumer products. We create innovative products and experiences that inspire, entertain and develop children through play. We engage consumers through our portfolio of iconic franchises, including Barbie®, Hot Wheels®, American Girl®, Fisher-Price®, Thomas & Friends® and MEGA®, as well as other popular brands that we own or license in partnership with global entertainment companies. Our offerings include film and television content, gaming, music and live events. We operate in 40 locations and sell products in more than 150 countries in collaboration with the world's leading retail and technology companies. Since its founding in 1945, Mattel is proud to be a trusted partner in exploring the wonder of childhood and empowering kids to reach their full potential.

Visit us at https://jobs.mattel.com/ and www.instagram.com/MattelCareers.

Mattel is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer

minorities/female/veterans/individuals with disabilities/sexual orientation/gender identity
 Barbie is the platinum blonde in power at Mattel, the #1 toy maker in the world. Its products include Barbie and Polly Pocket dolls, Fish...
