Job Number: R0047915 

Natural Language Processing Data Scientist


The Challenge:   
Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data.
  
We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve the private and public clients we support. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, develop algorithms, write scripts, build predictive analytics, use automation, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior leadership make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in both the private and public sectors.
  
Empower change with us. 



Build Your Career:   
At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect:  
access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk 
a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition 
participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government  

You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. 



You Have:   
-4+ years of experience with developing statistical and machine learning models using R or Python 
-Experience with developing algorithms to analyze text data, including natural language processing NLP 
-Experience with design, development, testing, and implementation of new functionality for reporting 
-Ability to write scripts and compile and analyze data from relational databases specific to customer experience and surveys 
-Ability to obtain a security clearance 
-BA or BS degree 


Nice If You Have:  
-PhD in CS, Cognitive Science, Computational Linguistics, Informatics, or related field preferred 


Clearance: 
Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. 


We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change. 





Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Washington, DC 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         R0047915-Washington
