This position of Research Data Scientist is created to fill the technology void in Vitro R&D, It is also for growing the key technical competency in the Data Analytic area for a sustainable technology development and implementations.  Using the state of the art data technology and introducing the Machine learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Advanced statistics into Vitro for the purpose of optimizing the process performance and discover new knowledge from the vast amount data available in our database systems is a critical technology effort that requires us to develop the core competency both for the short term and long term. The Research data scientist will lead a cross function team, R&D, Manufacturing, and Information technology, to explore the process optimization opportunities, identify the root causes of the process upsets, and provide process management guidance to change the Vitro’s process management from an experience based operation into a data driven process operation.  Effectively using the state of the art technology such as Machine learning, Artificial Intelligence, and Advanced statistics tools is a must for the Data Scientist. In short term, this position will mainly focus on Architectural glass operations improvement such as MSVD glass coating and Melting/forming processes to develop the future Big data technology platforms, and apply the Data analytic technologies onto identification of the root causes of the MSVD process defects, colors, and variations.  The similar technology will be applied to the glass melting and forming processes.  In long term, the Data scientist and team will expending the Big data technology in to other Architectural glass business segments such as product support, supply chain optimization, process maintenance , and glass cold end operations.  Also, as the knowledge and experience accumulated in this technical field,  cross Vitro businesses projects will be developed to apply the Advanced dada analytic technology into other Vitro businesses, such as Automotive glass, chemical, and other businesses. Technically, the role of the Research Data scientist is to model complex glass-related manufacturing problems, discover information hidden in vast amounts of process data, identify opportunities for manufacturing improvement through the use of advanced data analytics techniques such as data mining and machine learning, and help us understand and optimize process, deliver better products and make smarter decisions. The application domain in short term will be in Glass melting and forming, Glass coating (sputtering, thin film) and Automotive glass fabrication operations. The primary focus of this position will be in integrating and preparing large and varied datasets from different data sources (such as image data, text data, etc.), applying data mining techniques, doing advanced statistical analysis, building high quality prediction systems integrated within our research and manufacturing environment, and communicate the analysis results with scientists and engineers.
