Jr. Crypto Currency Data Scientist - Denver, CO - $100K Hello Denver! I'm Looking for a Junior Data Scientist who's ready to jumpstart their cryptocurrency career! I'm working with an affluent crypto start-up in Denver who's looking for a Data Scientist with a financial background to hit the ground running. The company has created a platform for crypto hedge funds and investors to use to make more educated investments in crypto using data science, financial analysis, and other technological tools. You will report to the Director of Data Science and help analyze, document and build the data science platform. In 3-6 months, begin managing junior analysts and build out the data science division. The company is currently valued at $15M+ and is on track for their Series A funding later this year. Work with the Data Science analytic team to run analysis on crypto exchange markets, Requirements: - Financial background (Working as an Analyst, etc) - Data Science Experience (2+ years) - Bachelors or Masters in C.S, Finance, Mathematics or related emphasis - Python Guru (TensorFlow, sci-kit-learn, pandas, NumPy, etc) - Managing a team* - AWS experience* *Nice To Haves Benefits: - Competitive Salary and generous equity package with 1-year-old startup - 1 day remote flex/week - Company outings (happy hours, lunches, sports outings, etc.) - Prime location in the heart of Denver along the Platte River If you feel that you or someone you know would be a strong fit for this position, please don't hesitate to reach out to Matthew Muniz at Jefferson Frank International at 303-558-4344 or email me at m.muniz@jeffersonfrank.com Jefferson Frank is part of the Frank Recruitment Group, a leader in Niche IT Recruitment with a focus on cloud technologies including AWS and Azure, as well as Big Data, Data Science and BI. We deal with both Microsoft Partners, AWS partners & End Users throughout North America. We have open positions and relationships with some of the top partners and end users throughout the US and offer some excellent opportunities in the AWS space. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any AWS candidates considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the upmost importance. For more information on available AWS/Azure jobs, as well as the AWS/Azure market, I can be contacted at k.sheldrew@jeffersonfrank.com. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information.
