Data Scientist

Share this

Find similar career opportunities

Data Scientist

Category: Analytics and Emerging Digital Technologies

City: Baltimore, Maryland, United States

Position ID: J0319-0472

Employment Type: Full Time

Meet our professionals

CGI: A place to build an IT career

Position Description:

The qualified candidate will perform as a highly skilled technology consultant and leader in the area of predictive analytics. The individual will serve as a consultant and thought leader for Leidos customers. Key success criteria include: 1) proven hands-on expertise with advanced SAS, R and/or SPSS; 2) execute data collection/extraction activities and evaluate fraud models; 3) developing trigger sets; 4) support of anti-fraud counter-measure performance; 5) refining models and re-baseline; 6) developing and maintaining data-driven model and operational and performance reports and dashboards.

Your future duties and responsibilities:

Review programmatic environments. Identify post processing data collection services and available data.

Conduct research and special studies pertaining to fraud in customer’s specialized programs and fraud operations.

Develop models to identify fraud.

Provide demonstrations of progress at critical stages.

Troubleshooting support and knowledge transfer as needed.

Excellent research, analytical, written and oral communications.

Comfortable as an individual contributor to team activities.

Required qualifications to be successful in this role:

Demonstrated expertise related to data science and predictive analytics initiatives.

Experience building and deploying data-driven reports in SAS.

Experience delivering complex technical documentation related to data science and predictive analytics initiatives.

Experience with Data analysis tools that include SAS, SPSS, SQL and R for Statistical Computing.

Proficiency with a scripting language (R, Python, or equivalent).

Ability to pass a Federal Suitability Check for a position of public trust.

Desired skills:

Data Ingestion, streaming, or Importing/exporting RDBMS data.

DBA experience.

RDBMS SQL Development.

Advanced skills/expertise in data mining, natural language processing (NLP), and/or distributed computing.

Proficiency at transforming data, data classification and translations, as well as resolving data quality and data cleansing.

Intermediate design and use of relational databases including experience working with working knowledge.

Masters degree minimum (PhD preferred) from an accredited college in a related discipline, with 11 years of professional experience.

#cgifederaljob

What you can expect from us:

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at USEmploymentCompliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned .

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here at https://cgi-veterans.jobs/ to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.
