Read what people are saying about working here. 

Who we are

Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democratizing financial services and empowering people and businesses to join and thrive in the global economy. Our open digital payments platform gives PayPal’s 267 million active account holders the confidence to connect and transact in new and powerful ways, whether they are online, on a mobile device, in an app, or in person. Through a combination of technological innovation and strategic partnerships, PayPal creates better ways to manage and move money, and offers choice and flexibility when sending payments, paying or getting paid. Available in more than 200 markets around the world, the PayPal platform, including Braintree, Venmo and Xoom, enables consumers and merchants to receive money in more than 100 currencies, withdraw funds in 56 currencies and hold balances in their PayPal accounts in 25 currencies.

When applying for a job you are required to create an account, if you have already created account - click Sign In.

Creating an account will allow you to follow the progress of your applications.

Note:

Provide full legal first Name/Family Name

DO: Capitalize first letter of First and Last Name. Example: John Smith

DON'T: Capitalize entire First and/or Last Name. Example: JOHN SMITH

NOTE: Use correct grammar for Names with multiple cases. Example: McDonald or O'Connell

Provide full address details

Resume is required

Multiple attachments can be uploaded including Resume and Cover Letter for each application

Job Description Summary:

This role will be responsible to design and build state-of-art solutions for merchant portfolio modeling.

Job Description:

The ideal candidate should be:

A strong problem solver, equipped with strong mathematical, analytical, and programming skills, and being able to connect complex business problem with viable technical solutions.

A fast learner to quickly ramp up and explore in new domains, identify problems/opportunities and come up with solutions.

A versatile modeler to take on end to end solution building, including data analysis, data processing, model experiment, implementation and live support.

Must have:

Proficient coding capability in at least one of the major programming languages such as Python, R, Java.

Proficient in data analysis, model building and data mining.

Ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, changing environment.

Highly organized and detail oriented, with a strong ability to coordinate and track multiple deliverables, tasks and dependencies.

Ability to work independently and proficiently. Accountable for own results, and is seen as clear subject matter expert within group / geography.

Ability to identify typical problems and issues during normal course of work and take proactive actions to solve them with minimum guidance.

Demonstrates excellent verbal and written communication skills on a broad set of technical topics.

Asks open-ended questions and contribute to brainstorming and design discussions.

Communicates effectively on general business issues.

Nice to have:

Experience in Big Data such as MapReduce, PIG, HIVE, Spark is a big plus.

Experience in natural language processing, text mining, web intelligence would be very helpful.

Basic Qualifications:

Master or PhD degree in machine learning, computer science, statistics, or similar with 1+ year relevant experience .

Subsidiary:

PayPal

Travel Percent:

10

Primary Location:

San Jose, California, United States of America

Additional Locations:

Masters Degree or Equivalent

We're a purpose-driven company whose beliefs are the foundation for how we conduct business every day. We hold ourselves to our One Team Behaviors which demand that we hold the highest ethical standards, to empower an open and diverse workplace, and strive to treat everyone who is touched by our business with dignity and respect. Our employees challenge the status quo, ask questions, and find solutions. We want to break down barriers to financial empowerment. Join us as we change the way the world defines financial freedom.

Paypal provides equal employment opportunity (EEO) to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, status with regard to public assistance, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law. In addition, PayPal will provide reasonable accommodations for qualified individuals with disabilities.

 Fueled by a fundamental belief that having access to financial services creates opportunity, PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL) is committed to democr...
