Read what people are saying about working here. 

Requisition ID: 210440

Work Area: Software-Design and Development

Expected Travel: 0 - 10%

Career Status: Professional

Employment Type: Regular Full Time

COMPANY DESCRIPTION

SAP started in 1972 as a team of five colleagues with a desire to do something new. Together, they changed enterprise software and reinvented how business was done. Today, as a market leader in enterprise application software, we remain true to our roots. That’s why we engineer solutions to fuel innovation, foster equality and spread opportunity for our employees and customers across borders and cultures.

SAP values the entrepreneurial spirit, fostering creativity and building lasting relationships with our employees. We know that a diverse and inclusive workforce keeps us competitive and provides opportunities for all. We believe that together we can transform industries, grow economics, lift up societies and sustain our environment. Because it’s the best-run businesses that make the world run better and improve people’s lives.

If you are passionate about learning, and want to create a positive impact and have fun while helping the world run better, come join us!

The SAP Business Network Team redefines the way hundreds of thousands of companies all over the world get real value from their investments. Help pave the way for our customers to quickly unlock cloud-scale innovation with the complex landscapes they have today. We are building a ground-up new product to drive innovation across complex business systems that already exist at customer’s sites as well as drive cross-sell of our cloud portfolio. Best of all, you will be joining a team of experienced, driven, and entrepreneurial colleagues that want to define world-class product development.

QUALIFICATIONS:

The SAP Business Network Team is looking for a hands-on senior data scientist to help us develop the next big thing in business software. Successful candidates will have skills in the following areas:

5+ years' experience working in Data Science OR Data Analytics environment.

Expertise in statistical analysis.

Production Experience using the latest ML algorithms using Python, R, JavaScript and/or C/C++.

Experience with Query Languages.

Expertise in stochastic processes.

Expertise deploying data processing pipelines in AWS for production environments.

WHAT YOU GET FROM US

Success is what you make it. At SAP, we help you make it your own.

A career at SAP can open many doors for you. If you’re searching for a company that’s dedicated to your ideas and individual growth, recognizes you for your unique contributions, fills you with a strong sense of purpose, and provides a fun, flexible and inclusive work environment – apply now.

SAP'S DIVERSITY COMMITMENT

To harness the power of innovation, SAP invests in the development of its diverse employees. We aspire to leverage the qualities and appreciate the unique competencies that each person brings to the company.

SAP is committed to the principles of Equal Employment Opportunity and to providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and/or mental disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with SAP and are in need of accommodation or special assistance to navigate our website or to complete your application, please send an e-mail with your request to Recruiting Operations Team. (Americas:Careers.NorthAmerica@sap.com or Careers.LatinAmerica@sap.com, APJ: Careers.APJ@sap.com, EMEA: Careers@sap.com). Requests for reasonable accommodation will be considered on a case-by-case basis. Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

EOE AA M/F/Vet/Disability:

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their age, race, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.

Successful candidates might be required to undergo a background verification with an external vendor.

Additional Locations:

 As the market leader in enterprise application software, SAP (NYSE: SAP) is at the center of today’s business and technology revolution. ...
