The Data Scientist leads our consumer insights advanced analytic efforts of structured and unstructured Voice of the Customer data, external sources of data, and operational data. Utilizing Natural Language Processing (NLP), Speech Analytics, Machine Learning, and other statistical modeling methods, this person will design and develop innovative and data-driven exploratory analysis as well as predictive models to identify consumer insights and solve our strategic advanced analytics priorities. The role will play a lead role in developing new algorithms and/or modify existing algorithms to solve complicated business problems. In addition, the role is required to experiment with different types of algorithms and models, analyze performances and identify best algorithms to employ. Requirements: Advanced knowledge of Natural Language Processing techniques such as Named Entity Recognition, Dependency parsing, Topic Modeling, TF-IDF scoring, Sentiment analysis, and Word vectors (e.g. GloVe or Word2Vec) required. 5 + years of machine learning techniques and algorithms such as Logistic and Linear regression, k-NN, Naïve Bayes, SVM, Decision Trees, Random Forests, Boosting, Neural Networks, clustering, segmentation, anomaly detection etc. Experience with common data science / ML toolkits in Python - including libraries such as NumPy, SciPy, Pandas, and Scikit-Learn. Experience with at least one deep learning framework: Keras, Tensorflow, Torch, etc. Experience in Python NLP libraries including Spacy, Gensim and NLTK preferred. 6+ years of experience using quantitative methods: Modeling, machine learning, feature creation, construct analysis, multivariate statistical analysis and model building, and predictive modeling. 2 years of experience in writing SQL code in relational database environment. 5+ years of experience writing statistically-related code in Python is mandatory. Experience in R and SAS are preferable. with focus on clarity, reproducibility and reusability Proficiency working with public and private external data, such as: Nielsen, Axioms, and CMS data. Experience working with speech/audio data preferred. Clinical code knowledge related to claims/utilization, preferred. Experience in a Medicare Advantage environment, preferred.
