Read what people are saying about working here. 

Overview

Under general supervision of the Environmental Compliance Manager, this staff scientist position provides diverse services to the Environmental Services Division (ESD) and its Laboratory and DOE customers. The position focuses on the Lab’s environmental compliance and sustainability programs for regulatory requirements pursuant to US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (NJDEP) permits and certifications, and for Department of Energy (DOE) directives. The position includes both office (information management system administration) and field (monitoring, sampling, inspections and waste management) activities.

Responsibilities

Support programs and activities applicable to meeting USEPA, NJDEP, Federal environmental regulations, Executive Orders, DOE directives, Environmental Management System (EMS) goals, and annual performance metrics related to environmental compliance and waste management.

Utilizing experience with environmental regulations provides system design, configuration, testing, administration, documentation, and technical guidance for the Enviance cloud-based environmental information management system. Designs, implements, documents, and supports environmental compliance and reporting solutions in Enviance. This includes numeric and non-numeric data, compliance calculations, compliance and performance dashboards, task and workflow management, user interfaces and templates, compliance calendars and schedules, data and system reporting, and user support and training.

Assists with environmental monitoring, reporting and other compliance activities to support Laboratory operations. Assists environmental staff on various tasks associated with environmental compliance, waste management, spill prevention, soil erosion prevention, energy and water conservation, and sustainability projects. Assists in the development and review of Lab-wide and ESD procedures necessary to ensure compliance. Assists with low-level radioactive waste packaging and associated administration of the radioactive waste management program. Contributes towards cultivating sustainability initiatives and tracks data for applicable programs, to trend for reporting and award submissions.

Assist in interpreting complex federal and state environmental regulations. Assess impact on Laboratory of new laws, regulations, and requirements; propose actions to ensure compliance. Provide advice on environmental compliance issues to ES&H and other Laboratory managers.

Demonstrated competence in database management software and systems, including identifying database attributes and implementing project requirements into templates for numeric and non-numeric data collection and analysis, process workflows, task scheduling, and data reporting to support environmental management system requirements.

Assist in evaluating environmental compliance programs, policies and procedures relative to ISO14001, state and federal regulations, and DOE directives and make recommendations for process improvement.

Qualifications

Bachelor's degree required in environmental science, physical/earth sciences, environmental/civil engineering, data sciences, or a related technical subject.

At least three years of technical experience in environmental compliance/monitoring, data management, or similar discipline. A Master’s Degree may be substituted for work experience. Demonstrated experience in either: interpreting environmental regulations and developing suitable compliance practices, or developing/interpreting data management project requirements and system implementation.

Scientific, engineering and practical knowledge of techniques and procedures applied to environmental compliance and/or waste management applicable to a wide range of activities. The work typically involves activity based on new legislation, regulations, Executive Orders, or new national or international standards.

Ability to communicate with all levels of employees in both formal and informal settings.

Ability to occasionally work off-shifts and respond to emergencies.

Advanced training or experience in database systems, hazardous materials, environmental management or related fields is also desirable.

Princeton University is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. EEO IS THE LAW

Salary Grade

ADM, 02

Standard Weekly Hours

40.00

Eligible for Overtime

No

Benefits Eligible

Yes

Essential Services Personnel (see policy for detail)

No

Physical Capacity Exam Required

Yes

Valid Driver's License Required

No
