Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Management (50% of the role)

Collaborate with and provide support for other locations working on locally owned data to ensure proper and efficient communication, data security and integrity.

Give approval of users to project data areas and ensure all confidentiality documents are completed if required.

Provide ad hoc user support for users of Petrel, Petrel Studio.

Provide data management support to users to maintain clean user working projects both in person and through documented workflows.

Be involved with and educate users on the company’s data management requirements, standards and procedures of the archival of time-stamped decisions and data, and the re-use of that data.

Be a link between data management, data science, and the geoscience disciplines.

Assist in global exploration data standardization where applicable.

Load new well or seismic data from vendors, public data stores into Petrel/Studio or appropriate Equinor Data Stores.

Maintain the data in the Studio and or Openwork’s databases and ensure that data quality standards are added and or enforced.

Data transfer between databases.

Ensure that all data is cleaned up, quality controlled and properly stored in the correct repositories.

Product Development & Process Improvement (50% of the role)

Improve data findability and ease of access for exploration assets.

Improve data handling in day to day geoscience workflows.

Tell geoscience data stories through easy-to-access digital methods, ESRI Story Maps.

Assist in dismantling old data methods and systems.

Identify data problems that limit the advancement of data science in Exploration and work to find a way to fix them.

Assist in global exploration data standardization where applicable.

Be active in data science/data management/geology external and internal networks (important to stay current)

Use scripting languages like Python or “R” or JavaScript to automate routine tasks and/or integrate databases

Be an active member in data management initiatives and team projects.

Qualifications

Working knowledge of coordinate reference systems

Understand data architecture, data flows

Be able to integrate across different geological and exploration datasets (understand relational databases)

Cyber security and assess risk in exposing geological data

Data cleaning and data wrangling to empower advanced analytics (locally or globally) of both structured and unstructured geoscience data

Utilize data science methods to help manage exploration geoscience data

Provide data science assistance and translation between geoscience domain and IT implementation

ArcGIS, Petrel, Studio, GeoX, Toad, Version Control System (git), some visualization tool (Spotfire, Shiny, PowerBI)

Identifying and labeling data quality

Applied statistics

Excellent understanding of both seismic data and well data: their attributes, limitations, and file types

Experience with project management, risk and compliance, and completing project objectives

Read and understand native data formats including well data, seismic and load sheets, and ASCII file formats

Experience with Azure is highly desired

Experience with seismic interpretation, well log interpretation, and conventional exploration workflows is also a highly desirable

Relevant work experience may compensate for formal education

Personal Qualities

Ability to live by "I am safety" expectations

Positive attitude

Curious

Self-starter

Continuous learner

Excellent collaborative and communication skills

Challenge the way we work and suggest new ways of working

Accomplish tasks with minimal supervision

Able to gain aid from appropriate sources

Enjoy working in a fast-paced and dynamic environment

Able to continue developing through self-selected and mandated training

Able to create and deliver effective presentations

We Offer

Equinor offers a competitive salary and a comprehensive benefit package. Equinor is an equal opportunity employer.

General Information

Make sure that we are able to give your application consideration: Please attach copies of your diplomas, certificates and grades in English or Norwegian (or another Scandinavian language). Applications submitted without such attachments will unfortunately not be evaluated. If you are in the process of completing a degree, please upload an official temporary transcript or other document describing subjects and grades completed to this point.

Our values are to be courageous, open, collaborative and caring. We believe in these qualities, which are essential for building an even stronger Equinor. If you can identify with them, you could be the one to strengthen our team. Candidates are expected to openly offer all relevant information about themselves during the recruitment process.

All permanent and temporary hires will be screened against relevant sanctions lists to ensure compliance with sanctions law and increase security.

We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran, and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.
