Read what people are saying about working here. As the nation’s leading bottled water company, Nestlé Waters North America is dedicated to providing customers with healthy hydration options. Alongside that, we’re also committed to developing our people – enabling them to make the most of the many elements that help them to succeed.

Nestlé Waters consists of five business units: Corporate, Commercial, Supply Chain, Technical & Production and ReadyRefresh by Nestlé. Whichever one of these areas you choose to join, you’ll find yourself collaborating with a highly talented team on work that’s challenging, engaging and incredibly rewarding. You’ll be an essential element of our success: trusted, empowered and supported to make a lasting impact on the very future of our business. It’s a chance to use your knowledge, skills and experience to shine brightly and achieve your ambitions – all while delivering healthy hydration to millions of customers.

An essential element of our ongoing growth, the Commercial team at Nestlé Waters is the perfect place for ambitious and aspiring individuals to achieve their dreams while building fulfilling careers. Roles on the Commercial team include sales and account professionals and all offer the chance to truly impact our business at our hundreds of Retail partners. Pair this with the support you need to work with confidence – and triumph in everything you do and you have a winning combination. Join this part of Nestlé Waters, and you’ll be able to use your talent to have a direct and meaningful impact on our success as you deliver healthy hydration to millions of our customers. Not only that, but you’ll discover your accomplishments are recognized with a range of outstanding benefits designed to help you prosper both at work and outside of work.

We are currently seeking a Senior Data Scientist, Advanced Analytics to be located in our headquarters based in Stamford, CT. This position will be a part of our Retail Business Unit. This data scientist role requires general expertise in applying Data Mining and Machine Learning algorithms as well as specialization in the area of forecasting and time series

Key responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:

Engage with sponsors in business units, functions, or Senior Management as well as with data subject matter experts to identify requirements, understand data collection work practices, and acquire data

Perform data analysis to reveal, compile and present new insight

Collaborate with business sponsors throughout development process in order to produce a valuable analytical solution

Lead all phases of project data mining lifecycle: data preparation, cleansing, modeling and fine-tuning to build accurate, robust, and reliable statistical result

Spearhead technical aspect of model deployment and work with IT and Solution Architects to ensure the full integration of the model

Promote your project and build new connections within and outside our business

Key qualifications include, but are not limited to the following:

B.S in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or Math

M.S. in Business Analytics/Applied Statistics, Econometrics, or similar

At least 4 years of experience as a Data Scientist

Proven track record of solving and realizing value from Machine Learning and Forecasting Problems

Knowledge of two or more of the following: SAS (base SAS, SAS Enterprise Guide, SAS Forecast Studio, or SAS OR), R, Python or SQL

Visualization tools: Power BI, Tableau, or any other

Experience working in a cloud environment (Azure or AWS)

Experience with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive, Spark, etc

Nestlé Waters North America is the nation’s leading bottled water company. Our water brands include Poland Spring, Arrowhead, Ozarka, Deer Park, Zephyrhills and Ice Mountain, Nestlé Pure Life, S. Pellegrino, Perrier and Acqua Panna. We’re passionate about creating shared value for society in all kinds of ways: from providing careers and benefits to communities where we operate to environmental stewardship – most notably responsible water management, lightweight packaging and advancing recycling in America. As a valuable part of our team, you’ll receive a competitive total rewards package – something that will provide you with the support you need to thrive both inside and outside of work. It’s not just the work that you’ll find fulfilling here though. As you build a career with us, you’ll receive exactly the kind of benefits you’d expect from a leading name in healthy hydration. The only question is, what elements will help you succeed at Nestlé Waters?

The Nestlé Companies are equal employment and affirmative action employers and looking for diversity in qualified candidates for employment. As the nation’s largest bottled water company, Nestlé Waters North America is behind many of the leading domestic and imported brands sol...
