Read what people are saying about working here. 

Now Brewing – Lead, Data Scientist! #tobeapartner

From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary leaders who share this passion and are guided by their service to others.

Do you have a player/coach style to effectively lead in the planning and prioritization of work while also being able to roll up your sleeves and dive into the code/algorithms? Do you possess an agile mindset that focuses on value, speed, and flexibility to fail-fast, learn, and iterate to deliver products that truly delight your customers? And finally, are you excellent at communicating both technical and non-technical ideas to our key stakeholders and leadership to both align and persuade? If so, read on.

The Lead Data Scientist is a diverse role where one may manage a team, be a lead coder for data products that drive incremental revenue, provide business insights that inform strategic decisions and identify new business opportunities . This job contributes to Starbucks’ success via conceptualization and development of complete analytical solutions, mining extensive data sets for insights, building batch and real-time scalable customer-facing data products and enabling the next generation of data science capabilities at Starbucks – all with an eye towards ROI. This position partners on a cross-functional team of data scientists, statisticians, and business analysts supporting strategic initiatives utilizing the latest in computing technologies and operating across customer transactions, store and partner data to unlock the opportunities to meet our global business goals.

Models and acts in accordance with Starbucks guiding principles.

As a Lead, Data Scientist, you will…

Extracts data from various data sources and performs exploratory data analysis, cleanses, wrangles, and transforms data

Employs scaling & automation to data preparation techniques

Introduces incremental improvements to data analysis, visualization, and presentation techniques to communicate discoveries

Researches relevant emerging empirical methods and quantitative tools

Possesses in-depth business knowledge to initiate and drive discussions with business partners to identify business issues needing analytic solutions

Leads innovative packaging and presentation of insights to business and broader analytics community

Develops processes to automate and scale insights operationalization

Develops and drives multiple cross-departmental projects

Establishes brand and team as subject matter experts in advanced analytics across departments

Mentors data scientists in pioneering techniques and business acumen

We’d love to hear from people with:

Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities

Advanced competency and expertise in several Modeling & Machine Learning Techniques (regression, tree models, survival analysis, cluster analysis, forecasting, anomaly detection, association rules, etc.)

Advanced competency and expertise in several Data ETL (Teradata, Oracle, SQL, Python, Java, Ruby, Pig)

Advanced competency and expertise in several Analytic Languages (R, SAS, SPSS, Stata)

Big data processing techniques preferred

Retail, customer loyalty, and eCommerce experience preferred

5 + years of experience in this discipline

Education: MS+ with concentration in quantitative discipline - Stats, Math, Comp Sci, Engineering, Econ or similar discipline

Join us and be part of something bigger. Apply today!

Starbucks and its brands are an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals, including minorities, women, veterans and individuals with disabilities. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, state, and local ordinances.

 Our employees, who we call partners, are at the heart of the Starbucks Experience. We believe in treating our partners with respect and d...
