Read what people are saying about working here. 

What You’ll Do

The Global Events Technology, Data & Analytics team is searching for a Data Scientist. Global Events has a unique and strategic advantage as a top tier events business. Our goal is to deliver the most creative and impactful events in the world. As part of this journey we are transforming our event systems, capabilities and processes. Insights are a foundational element of our transformation. The selected candidate will bring thought leadership and vision to establish a centralized approach to evaluate event performance on behalf of the Global Events function. The desire is to build analytics capability that supports the strategy, planning and execution of a large portfolio of sales and marketing events.

You will be part of the extended Data Science team that defines, builds and leads a comprehensive, next-gen analytics capability roadmap.

Your focus will be generating customer insights that improve the online and offline event experience.

You will also focus on advancing decision automation aided with AI/machine learning techniques.

You will establish baselines of performance against a set of defined KPIs, and help determine appropriate goals/targets.

You will build visualizations that can be consumed by different user types for different purposes.

You will actively communicate event performance throughout the organization and consult with stakeholders on the interpretation of performance.

You will represent Global Events in technology initiatives that seek to advance the analytics / data science capabilities across the business.

Who You Are

A leader. You have the capacity to lead others to solve complex problems; use sophisticated analytical thought to exercise judgment and identify innovative solutions, and possess the ability to orchestrate value in coordination with multiple stakeholders.

Trustworthy. You commit to earning trust every day through your actions and transparency. You work with team members to share responsibility, provide encouragement, and foster open communications.

A Great Listener. You seek to understand different opinions. You can communicate difficult concepts and negotiate with others to adopt a different point of view.

Analytical and intentional, with a pragmatic ability to “get things done.”

Focused on delivering short-term tactical objectives while maintaining the strategic direction.

Desired Skills and Qualifications:

5+ years of B2B analytics experience.

Degree in mathematics, statistics, engineering, or computer science.

Familiarity with a big data processing platform such as Hadoop.

Comfortable with both structured and unstructured data and different data types (behavioral, financial, ad performance, social media metrics, etc).

Strong competency in writing queries in R, Python or SQL.

Experience with analytics tools such as Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics.

Experience with visualization tools such as DOMO or Tableau.

Experience with tag management and conversion tracking.

Experience in a large, cross-matrixed organization.

Flexibility to work outside of “normal US business hours” to accommodate global time zones as needed

Why Cisco

At Cisco, each person brings their unique talents to work as a team and make a difference.

Yes, our technology changes the way the world works, lives, plays and learns, but our edge comes from our people.

We connect everything – people, process, data and things – and we use those connections to change our world for the better.

We innovate everywhere - From launching a new era of networking that adapts, learns and protects, to building Cisco Services that accelerate businesses and business results. Our technology powers entertainment, retail, healthcare, education and more – from Smart Cities to your everyday devices.

We benefit everyone - We do all of this while striving for a culture that empowers every person to be the difference, at work and in our communities.

Colorful hair? Don’t care. Tattoos? Show off your ink. Like polka dots? That’s cool. Pop culture geek? Many of us are. Be you, with us! #WeAreCisco

 Bring your unique self to Cisco, where you'll join with the best people to help Cisco change the way the world lives, plays, works and le...
