Read what people are saying about working here. 

Contract

Job Opening ID:

00291816 Data Scientist (Open)

Job Title:

Data Scientist

Department:

Data Analytics/Warehousing, & Business Intelligence

Country:

United States of America

State/Province:

Arkansas

City:

Lowell

Full/Part Time:

Full time

Shift:

Job Description Summary:

Under general guidance, the position is responsible for employing predictive, text and forecasting models that have a significant impact on our logistic services. The incumbent will continue to build knowledge of the organization, process and customers. The incumbent will be expected to clearly communicate results and ideas to key decision makers as well as assist in project scoping discussions.

Job Description:

Key Responsibilities: Assists in analytics project scoping discussions. Clearly communicate and formally presents results and ideas to key decision makers. Employs predictive modeling, text mining, and forecasting techniques. Collaborates with business and engineering departments to understand company needs. Works on advanced analytics projects with little supervision. Keeps up-to-date with analytics technology and understands their utility for daily operations. Provides guidance to other technology departments on data requirements and use cases.

Preferred Qualifications:

Bachelors degree in Computer and Information Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or Engineering, or related field, or foreign equivalent, or suitable combination of education, experience and training; plus 3 years of experience in Data Science. Masters degree in Computer and Information Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or Engineering Experience with R, Python or SPSS Experience with SQL Familiarity with Azure and big data analytics tools such as Hadoop and Spark.

Qualifications:

Education:

Bachelors: Chemical Engineering, Bachelors: Civil Engineering, Bachelors: Computer and Information Science, Bachelors: Computer Engineering, Bachelors: Electrical Engineering, Bachelors: Industrial Engineering, Bachelors: Mathematics, Bachelors: Mechanical Engineering, Bachelors: Statistics

Language:

English (Required)

Work Experience:

Data Science

Certifications:

Competencies:

Big Data Management and Analytics (Working Experience), Predictive Analytics (Extensive Experience), Process Improvement (Working Experience), Requirements Analysis (Working Experience), Technical Excellence (Working Experience)

Responsibilities:

Assists in analytics project scoping discussions, Clearly communicate and formally presents results and ideas to key decision makers, Collaborates with business and engineering departments to understand company needs, Employs predictive modeling, text mining, and forecasting techniques, Keeps up-to-date with analytics technology and understands their utility for daily operations, Provides guidance to other technology departments on data requirements and use cases, Works on advanced analytics projects with little supervision

Company Overview:

Fortune 500 experience. Career Development. Nation-wide opportunities. We are J.B. Hunt.

Our success comes from strategically placing you in the most suitable role. Whether you have a passion for operations, sales, engineering, or information technology, we can jump start your career!

J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc. is no stranger to the transportation logistics industry. From our humble beginnings in 1961, with only five tractors and seven refrigerated trailers, we have evolved into one of the largest transportation logistics companies in North America. We provide safe and reliable transportation services throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico. Our four business segments (Intermodal, Dedicated Contract Services, Truckload, and Integrated Capacity Solutions) allow us to provide customized freight solutions for customers big and small. It's no wonder we have been named one of America's Most Admired Companies by Fortune Magazine.

J.B. Hunt Transport, Inc. is committed to basing employment decisions on the principles of equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, persons with disabilities, protected veterans or other bases by applicable law.

“This job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.”

 J.B. Hunt is all about opportunities, whether it's on the road, in the shop or at the office.

We employ more than 20,000 people in 400...
