Job Title: Data Scientist - San Francisco, CA Job Description: Data Scientist Advantage is the preferred vendor for our major banking customer in San Francisco, CA. Required: Data science, statistics and machine learning Data wrangling, i.e. extracting data from various sources, and transforming it into usable formats R, Python, Pandas SQL Windows, Linux Desired Knowledge: Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark Some variety of NoSQL, e.g. MongoDB Java, Scala Description: Data scientist to analyze machine learning models, and to calculate metrics and create visualizations which provide insight into the data input to and output from the models. The application area of the models is the automation of financial services and FinTech. The candidate should be able to communicate their ideas in a clear and organized manner. The ideal candidate would be able to perform statistical analyses, write and debug code, and troubleshoot compute environments. About Advantage Resourcing At Advantage Resourcing, our primary objective is to perfectly align the best people with the appropriate jobs. These jobs may be temporary assignments or career positions. We place talented people in a wide variety of jobs working with our client companies in areas such as: engineering, IT, technical, manufacturing, skilled trades, distribution, call centers, clerical, accounting, finance and sales. Our strength is being able to solve our clients workforce needs by matching people that have the right skills, knowledge and motivation to each opportunity. Advantage Resourcing can help you discover the personal and career success you desire. The Company supports affirmative action and equal employment opportunity. The Company will provide equal employment in employment practices to all applicants for employment. Employment decisions shall be made without regard to any protected characteristic such as, but not limited to, race, color, religion, gender, age, disability, national origin, ancestry, citizen status, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, status in regard to public assistance, disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, Armed Forces service medal veterans and other protected veterans, genetic information and other legally protected classes. Furthermore, the Company is an E-Verify employer. Information provided on this application will not be used for any discriminatory purposes. The Company complies with all applicable federal, state and local non-discrimination laws and regulations. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations in the application or interviewing process. If you need a reasonable accommodation in the application or interviewing process, please contact us. Additional Details:   Job ID: 358869 Dept ID: 10600 Location: San Francisco, CA United States of America Industry: Online / Full App Job Type: Temp Position Folder Group ID 258 Posted Date:3/8/2019 Domain:arna Contact: [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]
