Read what people are saying about working here. 

Location: Position must be

filled in Dallas, TX

Responsibilities: AT&T

has an immediate need for an individual to serve as a Senior-Advanced Analytics(Data

Scientist) in Business Marketing Organization. This position requires advanced skills in the

use of predictive modeling, machine learning and statistics, trend analysis,

and other data analysis techniques to collect, explore, and identify the right

data to be analyzed from internal and external sources to explain or predict

behavior and or solve a variety of business problems and monetize products for

sale.

Key Roles:

Gathers, analyzes, and interprets a wide

variety of data to identify causal relationships, trigger points and ultimately

make predictions on customer behavior.

Projects may include churn models, buy

propensity models, customer behavior and segmentation, sales analysis, product

level analysis (adoption, price elasticity modeling) and customer experience

analysis.

Builds predictive models using data, tests the

model on results outside of the sample size and verifies the model in the real

world. Quantifies significance of data variances, applies an array of

statistical methods ranging from traditional to newly-developing within the

Big-Data space.

Develops

complex models and algorithms that drive innovation throughout the

organization. This may include improving on-time performance, network planning,

etc.

Experience with

statistical techniques: regression-based modeling (especially logistic

regression), Gradient Boosting, Random Forest, Ensemble Methods, Neural

Networks, text mining, rare event modeling.

Collaborates

with analytics engineers to implement and deploy scalable solutions

Provides

thought leadership by researching best practices, conducting experiments

and collaborating with industry leaders

Develops reports, charts, tables, and other

visual aids in support of findings. Advises business partners with regards to

patterns and relationships in data to recommend business direction or outcomes.

Education: Preferred advanced

college degree in Statistics, Mathematics and or Computer Science or Ph.D. in

related fields; Data Analytics, Machine Learning, or Business Analyst

nanodegree; or related expertise.

Experience: Typically possesses

strong understanding of internal business segment or stakeholders and strong

presentation skills. Typically requires 5 years related experience in advanced

analytics, big data, relational database structures, research methods, sampling

techniques, and system testing.

Supervisory: No.

Job Contribution:

Deep knowledge of machine learning, statistics, optimization or related field

Experience

with R or Python is

required.

Background in programming in C, C++, Java is beneficial.

Experience

working with large data sets, simulation/optimization and distributed

computing tools (Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, Arena, etc.)

 At AT&T, we’ve made it our mission to connect the world. And as an industry leader in telecommunications, high-speed Internet and pay TV,...
