Businesses  Pratt & Whitney 
Job ID  01274301 
Date posted  01/02/2019 
City  East Hartford 
State  Connecticut 
Country  United States 


Date Posted: 
2018-10-25-07:00

Country: 
United States of America

Location: 
PW100: East Hartford 400 Main Street, East Hartford, CT, 06118 USA
 The Pratt & Whitney Military Engines organization is looking for a Data Scientist to primarily support our F100 engine programs, but also the F135, F119, and several Mobility Programs engine programs.  

Responsibilities include providing strategic support including but not limited to:
 
 Use, and improve a proprietary stochastic, discrete event simulation. This tool's primary use is in forecasting engine maintenance events.  
 Enable Technical, Supply Chain, and Logistics Program Management organizations by providing maintenance event and associated spare parts forecasts for proposals and day to day management activities.  
 Participate in the project transitioning all of the Military Engines programs from individual inventory optimization tools to a single, common tool and process.  
 Create predictive analytics, statistics, and data mining on large data sets using tools such as Python, MS Office, SQL, JMP, iSight, etc.  
 Collaborate with the forecasting team to support internal and external customers by developing creative modeling solutions to complex problems.   

 US Citizenship required due to Federal Contracts. 

 Education: 

 Bachelor degree 

 Basic Qualifications: 
 
 3+ years of experience, to include:  
 mathematics, computer science, predictive analytics, or prescriptive analytics     

 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 Experience with MCA or other Supply Chain Management / inventory optimization.  
 Python, [Discrete Event] Simulation, Modeling, Statistics, Queueing Theory, Optimization highly beneficial.  
 Knowledge of jet engines as well as their maintenance processes.   
 
 United Technologies Corporation is An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age or any other federally protected class.   


Privacy Policy and Terms: 

 Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms 

 United Technologies Corporation is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or veteran status, age, or any other federally protected class.

 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             East Hartford, CT 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Manufacturing - Other 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         206073299
