DATA SCIENTIST CONTRACT ROLE IN CHARLOTTE, NC You will be conducting business-consulting activities for the Analytics Services and Transformation group with a regional utility provider. You will focus on insights around determining non-technical line loss, customer usage patterns, asset protection, and power theft. Another goal of the program is to produce a multi-year load-forecasting model at the circuit level. The environment is very dynamic and provides for a very balanced workload. Any aspiring data scientist will enjoy the innovative environment with over 50+ data scientist, modern tech stack, and unique business challenges. Experience with time series modeling is necessary to be successful in this role. Utility experience is not required, but preferred.   Responsibilities •Serve as an expert in translating complex data into key strategy insights and valuable actions. •Discover business narratives told by the data and present them to other scientists, business stakeholders, and managers at various levels. •Developing ETL’s using a variety of scripting languages and ETL tools to ingest data into Hadoop; working collaboratively with customers and team members supporting large business initiatives •Develop and test heuristics. •Create and run models. •Perform data exploration and data mining spanning a range of disciplines •Work with highly dynamic team of data scientist, data engineers, SMEs and product owners to deliver insights •Create business intelligence, dashboards, visualizations, and/or other advanced analytics reports to adequately tell the business narrative and offer recommendations that are practiced, actionable, and have material impact, in addition to being well-supported by analytical models and data. Requirements: •Graduation from a four-year college or university with a degree in statistics, physics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or management of information systems. •3-5 years experience plus degree in Machine Learning and Data Analysis •Masters degree in Data Science or Analytics (preferred) •Strong programming experience in Python, R, SQL •Experience with Statistical Techniques: Logistic Regression and Linear and Multiple Regression, Decision Trees, Clustering, Random Forest •Working experience with Time Series Modeling (Required): Skills such as analysis of variance (ANOVA) and forecasting techniques using ARIMA, ARMA, NARX •Expert knowledge of PySpark required •Strong knowledge of statistical methods (regression, time series, hypothesis testing, A/B testing, ANOVA, randomized experiment), machine leaning, algorithms, data structures and data infrastructure •Experience with R for statistical analysis •Experience with Numpy packages, Pandas, Jupyter and Zeppelin notebooks •SQL experience required •Hands on development experience with Apache technologies such as Hadoop, Spark, Hbase, Hive, Pig, Solr, Sqoop, Kafka, Oozie, NiFi, etc. Working knowledge of statistics, programming and predictive modeling •Experience designing data queries against data in the HDFS environment using tools such as Apache Hive and Apache HBase •Experience working in data mining or natural language processing. •Mastery of statistics, machine learning, algorithms and advanced mathematics. •Hands-on development experience with one or more of Java, Python, Scala. •Knowledge and experience in implementing Deep neural networks is a plus •Consulting experience in an agile environment is a plus •Experience with visualization utilizing PowerBI is a plus •General Energy and Utility experience is a plus •Utility forecasting, metering, GIS, distribution planning knowledge would be a plus
