Read what people are saying about working here. 

What you’ll be doing...

This position will drive profitable growth and business innovation by applying cutting edge machine learning techniques and AI technology. It will lead data science projects that drive product personalization, marketing effectiveness, channel optimization, better customer experience, and operational efficiency. You will work closely with a team of talented data scientists, Big Data engineers, and software developers and play a key role in developing and delivering the next generation AI/ML solutions to the business.

You’ll create analytical models to predict customer behavior and business events. You’ll then present the results to various business partners such as marketing, finance, and our customer relationship management group.

With an eye towards improving performance and predictability, you like the science of analytics. Developing resolutions to complex problems, using your sharp judgment to develop methods, techniques, and evaluation criteria enables you to deliver solutions that make a big impact. You’re able to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences, and you take pride in your ability to share your considerable knowledge with your peers.

Lead engagement with key business stakeholders in discussion on business strategies and opportunities.

Build strong working relationship and develop deep partnership with the business.

Lead large portfolios of data science projects and deliver innovative technical solutions to solve problems and improve business outcomes.

Lead the design and development of machine learning/statistical models and ensure best performance.

Work closely with engineers to deploy models in production both in real time and in batch process and systematically track model performance.

Be a subject matter expert on machine learning and predictive modeling and a mentor to junior data scientists.

Drive technical innovation through active research and applications of new theories, techniques, and technologies.

What we’re looking for...

You are a master at analyzing big data. You thrive in an environment where enormous volumes of data are generated at rapid speed. You’re a creative thinker who likes to explore, and uncover the issues. You are decisive. You are great at influencing up, down, and across groups, and you take satisfaction in mentoring others. Communicating what you’ve uncovered in a way that can be easily understood by others is one of your strengths.

You’ll need to have:

Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience.

Six or more years of relevant work experience.

Even better if you have:

Master’s degree in a quantitative field or equivalent.

A Ph.D. in Statistics, Math, Economics, Engineering, Computer Science, Business Analytics, Data Science.

Eight or more years of experience in practicing machine learning and data science in business.

Strong foundational quantitative knowledge and skills; extensive training in math; statistics, physical science, engineering, or other related fields.

Experience in leading large scale data science projects and delivering from end to end.

Strong technical experience in machine learning and statistical modeling.

Strong on computing/programming skills; proficiency in Python, R, and Linux shell script.

Experience in data management and data analysis in relational database and in Hadoop.

Strong communication and interpersonal influencing skills.

Excellent problem solving and critical thinking capabilities.

Experience with NLP and chatbot technology.

Experience with Hadoop, Spark, C++, scala, or Java.

Strong experience in SQL and database management.

When you join Verizon...

You’ll be doing work that matters alongside other talented people, transforming the way people, businesses and things connect with each other. Beyond powering America’s fastest and most reliable network, we’re leading the way in broadband, cloud and security solutions, Internet of Things and innovating in areas such as, video entertainment. Of course, we will offer you great pay and benefits, but we’re about more than that. Verizon is a place where you can craft your own path to greatness. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, find your future at Verizon.

Equal Employment Opportunity

We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer- and celebrate our employees' differences,including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better.

 What makes a great career? If you ask us, we’ll tell you that it’s the experience, the people and the sense of pride that comes from deli...
