Reonomy is leveraging the power of data and technology to transform the world’s largest asset class - commercial real estate. By structuring the world of property, people and company data we’re able to deliver actionable insights to our customers.

Headquartered in New York, Reonomy has raised ~$70 million from top investors, including Sapphire Ventures, Bain Capital, Softbank and Primary Ventures. Our clients represent the biggest names in CRE, including Newmark Knight Frank, Cushman & Wakefield, Tishman Speyer and WeWork.

If you’re excited by growth, innovation and the ability to shape one of the biggest markets, join us as our journey is just beginning!

ABOUT THE ROLE:

As a Data Scientist at Reonomy, you will play a vital role, as your models will be critical components embedded in the pipelines that support everything we offer! We are creating a best-in-class data infrastructure which intelligently links disparate datasets at scale, as well as to manage the complexities of commercial real estate, in order to build a first-of-its-kind data product. You will not only work with engineers to create and embed ML models to better serve our customers with the information that will change the way they do business, but you will also collaborate with leadership on Product and CS to establish the viability and complexity of potential new offerings. We take on these challenges in machine learning and scalable data processing with Scala, Spark, and Python.

Responsibilities include:

Collaborating with the Engineering team to design, build and improve Reonomy’s ML models

Creating data systems that ensure quality and consistency on our data platform

Playing a major role in the future architecture of our rapidly expanding platform

Writing high quality code, participating actively in code reviews, and consistently helping to ship software

Working on multiple projects within our data layer to improve our data quality and/or access to our data

Work with Product and CS to establish whether the data can support new offerings ahead of the rest of the company

ABOUT YOU:

2-5+ years of experience in a Data Scientist capacity

Expertise within distributed computing systems

Proven ability leveraging database technologies to solve non-trivial, large-scale problems

Advanced/Expert knowledge in SQL and data analysis

History of excellence and responsibility in previous data scientist positions

BENEFITS:

Competitive salary

Company stock options

100% coverage on medical, vision and dental health plans

Unlimited Vacation

401k plan and commuter benefits

Office perks: catered lunches 3x/week, catered breakfast 2x/week, unlimited snacks, team happy hours, Free Citi Bike membership, fitness discounts, Free Spotify membership, dedication wellness rooms

We do not accept unsolicited resumes from outside recruiters/placement agencies. Reonomy will not pay fees associated with resumes presented through unsolicited means.
