Senior Data Scientist Boston MA We are looking for an exceptional candidate with proven data science expertise to increase our analytics technical capabilities and develop new analytics opportunities with clients. In return, we can offer an exciting and rewarding career with plenty of opportunities to learn and develop. The Role This is a technical role, helping deliver analytics solutions within clients, but we would also expect you to use your expertise to support sales teams understand our clients’ business needs and identify opportunities where Tessella’s analytics services can add value. You will be expected to develop a detailed understanding of Tessella’s analytics propositions and how to articulate their value most effectively to our clients. Your responsibilities will include: ●   Lead and mentor analytics teams to deliver solutions to clients. ●   Apply a broad array of capabilities spanning machine learning, statistics, mathematics, modelling, simulation, text-mining, natural-language processing, data-mining, pathway/network analysis. ●   Help sales teams to clarify, qualify and shape analytics opportunities within a client. ●   Assist other project delivery teams with scope definition and estimation and support the on-boarding of the analytics solution delivery team (made up of first-class scientists, mathematicians and engineers, many of whom have PhDs). ●   Be a positive voice in the Tessella community, sharing your knowledge with others across the company. About Tessella Tessella is the Analytics World Class Center of the Altran Group, a global leader in innovation and high-tech engineering consulting. We are leaders in the field of data science and analytics and we have developed a reputation for helping clients solve their most complex technical challenges by unlocking the power of their data, enabling them to make better-informed business decisions. Our work is at the cutting-edge of high-tech R&D and our projects are varied and rewarding. For example, in pharmaceutical companies we solve computational problems for chemists at the early stages of drug discovery and development, ultimately getting drugs to market faster. We help consumer goods companies model and simulate new product ideas and perform data analysis to improve their processes. We also support oil and gas engineers with the computational challenges of exploration and production, from reservoir modelling to writing control systems. In space and defense, we have written algorithms and solved complex mathematical problems to control satellites and radar systems.
