***THIS IS A W2 POSITION*** Our client is looking for a Data Scientist to join their growing team. Candidates should have experience with Python or Scala and should be able to build machine learning models. Responsible for the design and validation of analytical models, as well as performing ad hoc market analysis in support of Market Regulation Department surveillance patterns programs. Specifically, the Risk Specialist will be responsible for designing statistical and/or market reconstruction models for detecting market manipulation and market conduct rule violations across facilities operated under FINRA and SRO markets with which FINRA entered into RSAs. This role will be responsible for working with large volumes of data to identify patterns or markers of potentially volatile market activities, as well as detecting and understanding trends in the market place Essential Job Functions: *Develop and validation of quantitative surveillance models using SQL for detecting market manipulation and market conduct rule violations leveraging large volumes of equity and options data. *Support of the market data abstraction layer which is designed to provided uniformed, pre-linked, and pre-analyzed view of the market data for Market Regulation Department's surveillance patterns and analytical tools. *Contribute to the evolution of the MRDs' surveillance program responsive to market trends and developments. *Provide efficient quantitative support for market studies, examinations, and ongoing investigations. *Assist in performing regulatory impact assessments of the industry's, FINRA's, and client initiatives on the MRD's Cross-Market and SRO-specific equity, options, and examination programs. *Adapt MRD's surveillance and examination program to new rules and initiatives. *Support management and others to inform internal and external constituents on overall program vision, strategy, operations, processes, and implementation status. *Engage team members and management to identify issues and problems and to devise solutions. Includes working with other groups to develop risk scores, profiles, peer comparisons, financial performance, exposures against limits, and other risk analyses. *Support the comprehensive and successful execution of the office's key risk programs in an efficient and effective manner. *Demonstrate and continue to develop a high level of competency in risk management by the identification of new risk drivers in support of the overall risk framework and FINRA's strategic objectives. *Lead and participate in ad hoc special projects and national initiatives, as requested. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
