Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

Independently executes data analysis and modeling projects from project/sample design, reception and processing of data, performing analyses and modeling to final reports/presentations, communication of results and sales support. Leads complex analytics projects. May manage employees or interns.

Utilizes advanced statistical techniques to create high-performing predictive models and creative analyses to address business objectives and client needs.

Demonstrates to internal and external customers how analysis can be implemented to maximize business strategies including cost benefit analyses. Provides technical sales support, which may include providing strategic consulting, needs assessments and the preparation and presentation of analytical proposals.

Tests new statistical analysis methods, software and data sources for continual improvement of quantitative solutions. Shares knowledge within Analytics group.

Creates clear and easy to understand reports and/or PowerPoint decks for client meetings or third party collaborations. Verbally presents analysis ideas, progress and results to internal managers, external partners and customers.

Communicates with internal groups on data specifications and with IT engineers on model/algorithm implementation.

Create detailed project plans to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget. Provides high quality ongoing customer/partner support; answering questions, resolving problems and building solutions.

Assures compliance with regulatory and privacy requirements during design and implementation of modeling and analysis projects.

Qualifications

Graduate-level degree with concentration in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, analytics, mathematics, economics, or operations research.

Strong verbal and written communications skills, listening and teamwork skills, and effective presentation skills. This is absolutely essential since you will have a lot of exposure to different internal groups (data, IT, product and sales) as well as third-party partners and customers (insurance companies).

7+ years of relevant work experience including 3+ years of statistical modeling and data mining in a P&C insurance context (insurance company or insurance consulting firm) using large and complex datasets. Experience with commercial lines modeling is a strong plus. Life or health insurance experience is a bonus.

Expertise in statistical modeling techniques such as linear regression, logistic regression, GLM, tree models, cluster analysis, principal components, and feature creation, validation. Conceptual understanding is a must.

Programming experience with R, Python, AWS, SAS and other statistical software (CART, Emblem, SPSS, Matlab). Greenplum and UNIX experience is a plus.

Detail-oriented technical aptitude with strong logical, problem solving, and decision-making skills. Excellent organization/planning skills and talent for managing many large and complex datasets.

Aptitude in performing multiple tasks and dealing with changing deadline requirements. This includes knowing when to escalate issues. Maintains a focused, flexible, organized, and proactive manner.

Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint). Not just software use but proficiency in creating effective and visually appealing PowerPoint presentations, and well-structured error-free and readable spreadsheets.

http://www.verisk.com/careers.html

#LI-MV1

Additional Information

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.
