Read what people are saying about working here. 

$105,747 - $135,637 a year

Tacoma Power's Rates, Planning and Analysis (RPA) Section has an opportunity for a Data Scientist to join our team. This is a highly technical data science and modeling analyst position responsible for developing, integrating and automating financial, economic and statistical forecasting models; database design, construction and maintenance; and data visualization design.

You will participate in analytical efforts across the utility, develop statistical and financial models, and help enhance and ensure the financial and economic rigor of Tacoma Power analyses. You will be an advocate for self-service analytics, good data governance and documentation, and model integrity and accuracy.

As the team's data scientist, you will have the opportunity to help lay the foundation for customer analytics at Tacoma Power. The Rates and Financial Planning team runs a number of high-visibility models that impact the utility financials and help keep Tacoma Power cost effective for its customer-owners.

The team is presently growing and retooling. Several modeling tools are being updated which will allow for refined business processes and new analytic capabilities.

The culture of our team is very collaborative and supportive. We are highly skilled, self-motivated individuals that enjoy each other and believe in the work that we do.

The ideal candidate is team-oriented, smart, professional, organized, self-motivated, positive, highly accurate and a life-long learner.

If you have a strong background in data acquisition and report automation; if you love transforming data into actionable insights; if you want a challenging, visible role that will transform an organization and how we support our customers, this may be the role for you.

Responsibilities include:

Integrating existing models

Designing new data analysis models

Automating data retrieval

Financial and economic model redevelopment

Developing new load forecasting techniques

Data visualization for technical documents and presentations

Working on cross-functional teams

Ad hoc analysis and problem solving

QUALIFICATIONS:

Education:

Bachelor degree in business, economics, mathematics, statistics, data modeling, information systems, computer science or related field and 5+ years' experience as a business analyst, data scientist or similar job function;

MS or Ph.D degree related quantitative field can substitute for work experience.

Experience:

Experience with programming, modeling, statistics and data science required;

Familiarity with economic modeling and financial modeling techniques highly desired;

Experience delivering data science outcomes, solving complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches that apply a blend of analytical, mathematical and technical skills;

Understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms;

Able to write own code as needed to customize solutions;

Experience with developing forecasting models;

Knowledge in predictive analytics using tools such as R, Python and SAS;

Experience with SAP and high-level accounting principles highly desired;

Integrate methods from mathematics, statistics, probability and uncertainty modeling in order to deliver predictive insights to decision-makers.

Skills:

Excellent communication skills and team-orientation required;

Excel at making complex concepts accessible to others;

Desire to solve business problems;

Clear, organized and succinct writing skills

Take ownership of work and operate under minimal supervision;

Deliver business insights and solve complex analytical problems using a blend of data visualization and storytelling skills

SELECTION PROCESS & SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION:

This recruitment is being managed by Rodney Croston, if you would like to be notified of similar opportunities or stay connected with things going on at Tacoma Public Utilities and the City of Tacoma, connect with me on LinkedIn, Facebook, or Instagram!

City of Tacoma Commitment to Diversity and Inclusion

One of the primary goals of the Equity and Empowerment Initiative is for the City of Tacoma workforce to reflect the community it serves. We actively work to eliminate racial and other disparities and welcome candidates with diverse backgrounds and/or multicultural skill sets and experiences. Our goal is for Tacoma to be an inclusive and equitable place to live, work, and play.

Tacoma Power

Tacoma Power is an almost 100% hydroelectric, municipally-owned public power utility, located in Tacoma. We serve approximately 170,000 customers as one of the three operating divisions of Tacoma Public Utilities, alongside Tacoma Water and Tacoma Rail. As one of the most livable, walkable cities in the country, you'll find that Tacoma is a great fit for all interests with places to bike, run, hike, and explore, the perks of a big city, and the charm of a small town.

The City of Tacoma

Tacoma is a mid-sized urban port city that sits along the Puget Sound with a population of nearly 210,000. The third largest city in the state of Washington, it is a diverse, progressive international gateway to the Pacific Rim.

Propelled by significant developments such as the University of Washington Tacoma, the Tacoma Link light rail system, the restored urban waterfront of the Thea Foss Waterway, the expansions of both the MultiCare and Franciscan health systems, and a significant influx of foreign direct investment in its downtown core, Tacoma has evolved considerably since the 1990s.

Tacoma boasts the state's highest density of art and history museums, and is home to a flourishing creative community of writers, artists, musicians, photographers, filmmakers, chefs, entrepreneurs, and small business owners who each add their unique flair to the city's vibrant commercial landscape. The iconic Tacoma Dome has endured as a high-demand venue for some of the largest names in the entertainment industry.

A magnet for families looking for affordable housing options in the Puget Sound area, Tacoma also draws those who prefer to live in a more urban downtown setting with competitively priced condos and apartments that feature panoramic mountain and water views.

Tacoma's natural beauty and proximity to the Puget Sound and Mount Rainier draws hikers, runners, bicyclists, and maritime enthusiasts to the area. Its lively social scene is infused with energy by thousands of students attending the University of Washington Tacoma, the University of Puget Sound, the Evergreen State College Tacoma campus, and Tacoma Community College, as well as a number of local trade and technical colleges. Its prime location – just 20 minutes south of the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, 30 miles north of the state capital in Olympia, and within 10 miles of the U.S. Department of Defense's premier military installation on the West Coast – only adds to Tacoma's desirability. To see a few of the great things Tacoma has to offer, view this YouTube Video!

Apply

Interested individuals should apply online and attach a detailed resume and cover letter that includes job experience, major responsibilities and accomplishments related to this position.

Applications will be reviewed as they are received for interview consideration.

Reference checks will be conducted on final candidates and appointment is subject to passing a background check.

Communication from the City of Tacoma:

We primarily communicate via e-mail during the application process. E-mails from cityoftacoma.org and/or governmentjobs.com must be placed on your safe domain list to ensure that you receive notifications in a timely manner. As a precaution, you may also want to check your junk e-mail folders.

If you have any additional questions regarding this position, please contact the Human Resources Department at 253.591.5400.
