Company Overview: The ADT Corporation (NYSE: ADT) is a leading provider of security and automation solutions in the United States and Canada for homes and businesses, people on-the-go and their network. Making security more accessible than ever before, and backed by 24/7 customer support, ADT delivers same-day service and live answer within seconds in customer operations, helping customers feel more safe and empowered. ADT is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida and employs approximately 17,500 people throughout North America. More information is available at www.adt.com. Position Summary: Conduct analytics as directed by the senior manager and technical program manager to drive Care Results (Consumer sentiment, Lifetime Value, Avg. handle time, First Call Resolution, Transfers, Discounts, Truck rolls). Using the data, we will help identify trends in customer issues, questions, and concerns to provide feedback to the business. Position Responsibilities: Speech and Text Develop deep functional understanding of all aspects of ADT business – Customer Care, Marketing, Direct Sales, Dealer Channel, Digital channels, Tele sales & Retention, Field Installation and Products – both through listening to customer interactions and interaction with the functional groups. Develop and maintain Analytics queries in Nexidia (and/or Nice) to support the business and improve KPIs (FCR, Transfers, JCR, etc.) Diligently identify relevant phrases and words to improve the existing lexicon and overall analysis efforts (both speech and text) Leverage existing and new queries through call listening and text analytics to analyze calls related to the development of new products, initiatives and processes including pre- and post-implementation changes Sentiment Conduct sentiment analysis on common call drivers by leveraging multiple sources (Systems, Calls, Reports, etc.) to understand how our customers interact with our core services and products Serve as a SME to interpret text and speech analytics data to derive insights regarding agent/system capability, process opportunities and customer satisfaction Identify trends and patterns for unnecessary calls using Nexidia, Metadata, SQL and process knowledge Translate information into actionable insight through analytics (call listening, data mining) to understand cause-effect relationships between existing processes (Troubleshooting, Billing, Collections, Marketing, etc.) that drive call volume, unnecessary truck rolls and transfers   Think you have what it takes to join our team? Apply today! Job Type: Full-time
