Elder Research Inc. is a Data Science consulting firm specialized in providing analytic solutions to clients in Commercial and Government industries. We are seeking to hire a Data Scientist who will consult and communicate with clients to understand their business needs, perform exploratory data analyses, and develop solutions using data-driven models. We work in a fast-paced environment, solving new and challenging problems on a daily basis. We are trusted advisors to our clients, building lasting relationships and partnering as preferred analytics providers. We use a variety of programming languages and tools to create analytic solutions, often fitting within our clients’ environment and needs.

As a member of Elder Research, you will join a functional team of accomplished Data Scientists and Software Engineers that deliver custom analytic training, strategy, and technical solutions. Some of your responsibilities will include: consulting with clients to understand their data context and goals, creating and delivering training curriculum on Data Science best practices, exploring data to determine the feasibility and viability of modeling, and developing models using Machine Learning and other algorithmic methods.

We are looking to hire a Data Scientist who can support our clients through communicating the opportunities and risks in using their data,

and who is driven by curiosity to explore data to find insights. A Data Scientist works with Data Analysts, other Data Scientists, Data Engineers, and Software Engineers to create analytics strategy, develop training courses, and implement dynamic data applications that help our customers make meaningful business decisions. Candidates should have the ability and the willingness to receive feedback on the clients’ business goals and adjust their work using an iterative methodology.

Desired Skills and Expertise

Applicants are expected to have a combination of some (though not all) of the following skills and expertise:

Presented technical work to a non-technical audience via writing or presentation.

Collaborated with others to accomplish a technical task or project.

Consulted with businesses or organizations to understand requirements, designed a solution to those needs, and developed the solution.

Had exposure to modeling and/or exploratory data analysis.

Given a lecture or presentation, written a paper or article, or provided educational support on technical topics.

Created a predictive model using open source programming languages.

Worked with data in a structured database system (e.g., SQL).

Managed projects involving technical staff from diverse backgrounds and with diverse skills and capabilities.

Desired Education and Experience

Data Scientist

Bachelor’s in a technical field and 2-5 years’ experience OR

5+ years of experience

Senior Data Scientist

Master’s in a technical field and 2-5 years’ experience OR

Bachelor’s and 10+ years’ experience

Minimum Requirements

Bachelors or Master’s degree in a technical or quantitative discipline, or equivalent experience in a technical role.

2+ years experience with at least one programming language

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

What You Would Do

 Work on small teams in a highly collaborative environment.

 Contribute to a wide array of consulting projects to solve interesting problems for multiple clients in various industries.

 Develop and deliver training curricula and materials on Data Science and Machine Learning best practices.

 Communicate the details of technical results and methods to fellow team members and clients in both technical and non-technical terms.

 Collaborate with Data Analysts and Engineers to design and/or implement the technical architecture necessary to support analytics.

 Manage analytic project teams, ensuring timely development and delivery of required work items.

 Create, validate, and implement predictive models in customer environments.

 Build trusted and lasting relationships with clients across the country and globe.

 Contribute to internal knowledge and capabilities through creating and developing proprietary service accelerators and training materials.

 Travel up to 25% of the time.

About Elder Research, Inc.

Headquartered in Charlottesville, VA with offices in Arlington, VA, Baltimore, MD, Raleigh, NC, and London, UK, Elder Research is a fast-growing solutions and consulting firm specializing in predictive analytics. At Elder Research, you’ll be part of a fun, friendly community. In keeping with our entrepreneurial spirit, we want candidates that are

self-motivated with an innate curiosity and strong team work ethic. We work hard to provide the best value to our clients and allow each person to contribute their ideas and put their skills to use immediately.

Elder Research believes in continuous learning; each week the entire company attends a “Tech Talk” followed by an office lunch.

Individuals often share what they have learned at informal bag lunch talks or afternoon chats. As consultants, occasional travel may be required; however, we

do not typically work on client sites. Certain projects do have frequent onsite work at local offices. Elder Research provides a supportive work environment

with established parental, bereavement, and PTO policies. By prioritizing a healthy work-life balance - with reasonable hours, solid pay, low travel, and

extremely flexible time off - Elder Research enables and encourages its employees to serve others.

Elder Research provides analytic solutions to hundreds of companies across numerous industries. Our team enjoys great variety in the type

of work they do and exposure to a wide range of techniques and tools. If you are passionate about integrating data, technology, and analytics in a

team-based environment to solve problems, then Elder Research may be a good fit for you.
