Grainger is a broad line, business-to-business distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. More than 3.2 million businesses and institutions worldwide rely on Grainger for products such as safety gloves, ladders, motors and janitorial supplies, along with services like inventory management and technical support. These customers represent a broad collection of industries including commercial, government, healthcare and manufacturing. They place orders online, on mobile devices, through sales representatives, over the phone and at local branches. Approximately 5,000 suppliers provide Grainger with more than 1.6 million products stocked in Grainger’s distribution centers and branches worldwide. Primary Function Data Science application areas span across Recommender Systems, Inventory optimization Solutions, Search etc. Projects often encompass research, problem solving, model development, testing, scaling and implementing in production. Data Scientists are expected to execute specific tasks using statistical and /or machine Learning algorithms with appropriate levels of guidance and supervision. While predictive modeling and machine learning is an important aspect of the role, a Data Scientist is expected to think about data in the context of practical business questions, presenting insights and recommendations to stakeholders. Data cleaning, aggregation and visualization are also important skills that will contribute to a successful data science project. Primary Duties and Responsibilities •            Work with data sets of varying degrees of size and complexity, including both structured and unstructured data •             Transform data into actionable insights and recommendations. Present clear and concise results. This includes processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis •             Create algorithms and processes for real-time personalization and other predictive models •             Conduct analysis of text data to understand the relationship between Grainger’s product; assortment and user search queries, industries, and job functions •             Design, validate and evaluate solutions using R, Python, SQL and other programming tools Preferred Education & Experience •            Masters in full time Data Science / Advanced Analytics program •             Prior experience in data science / analytics / data engineering •             Expert level usage of SQL •             Proficient in coding (Python and R) and programming concepts •             Capable of thinking through complex business problems and solve them by analyzing on large amounts of data •             Ability to mine and explore data to derive insights and business value from data •             Ability to develop analytical solutions by using and applying appropriate methodology – including, but not limited to, regression, forecasting, clustering, decision trees, machine learning, text mining •             Strong analytical and problem-solving skills EEOC Statement Grainger is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
