Read what people are saying about working here. 

About UiPath

What if you could shape the future of work and be part of the team that creates the digital workforce of tomorrow? At the beginning of the 20th century, Henry Ford had a vision of creating assembly lines and facilitating mass production.100 years later, UiPath has a grand vision of liberating the human workforce from tedious, boring, repetitive tasks, by means of software robots, artificial intelligence and machine learning.

The Opportunity

The Data Scientist’s role is to harness vast amounts of data to optimize business results. He/she will exercise their knowledge of descriptive and multivariate statistical techniques and applications, and database analysis tools and techniques to develop strategic insights to drive business goals. They will also be responsible for teaching data analysts and software engineers how to work effectively with vast quantities of data.

This role is based in Houston.

The Role

Strategy & Planning

Work with cross departmental team to define metrics, guidelines, and strategies for effective use of algorithms and data.

Create data mining and analytics architectures, coding standards, statistical reporting, and data analysis methodologies.

Establish links across existing data sources and find new, interesting mash-ups.

Coordinate data resource requirements between analytics team and development teams.

Assist in the development of data management policies and procedures.

Develop best practices for analytics instrumentation and experimentation.

Acquisition & Deployment

 Conduct research and make recommendations on big data infrastructure, database technologies, analytics tools, services, protocols, and standards in support of procurement and development efforts.

Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.

Operational Management

Develop algorithms and predictive models to solve critical business problems.

Develop tools and libraries that will help analytics team members more efficiently interface with huge amounts of data.

Develop and automate new enhanced imputation algorithms.

Create informative visualizations that intuitively display large amounts of data and/or complex relationships.

Provide and apply quality assurance best practices for data science services across the organization.

Develop, implement, and maintain change control and testing processes for modifications to algorithms and data analytics.

Collaborate with database and disaster recovery administrators to ensure effective protection and integrity of data assets.

Manage and/or provide guidance to junior members of the analytics team.

Skills requirement

Formal Education & Certification

Graduate or post graduate university degree in the field of computer science, mathematics, or statistics

3-5 years of relevant work experience.

Knowledge & Experience

Extensive experience solving analytical problems using quantitative approaches.

Familiarity with relational, SQL and NoSQL databases.

Expert knowledge of statistical analysis tools

Experience working with very large datasets a must.

Knowledge of map/reduce framework (hive/pig other tools for accessing data in Hadoop/HBase cluster systems) a plus.

Project management experience.

Knowledge of applicable data privacy practices and laws.

Personal Attributes

A strong passion for empirical research

A flexible analytic approach that allows for results at varying levels of precision.

Ability to communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner.

Good written and oral communication skills.

Strong technical documentation skills.

Good interpersonal skills.

Highly self-motivated and directed.

Keen attention to detail.

Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.

Strong customer service orientation.

Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.

Benefits

We are offering the possibility to work from home or flexible working hours in a nice office plus free daily premium catering

Competitive salary, a Stock Options Plan and the unique opportunity of working with us to develop state-of-the-art robotics technology are just a few of the pluses

Healthcare plan and a 401K plan

At UiPath, we value a range of diverse backgrounds experiences and ideas. We pride ourselves on our diversity and inclusive workplace that provides equal opportunities to all persons regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, national origin, disability, military and/or veteran status, or any other protected classes.
