SUMMARY:  A US web focused company with corporate offices in Houston and Florida is seeking an experienced Data Scientist with experience in algorithm development and analysis of trends, behavior,and forecasting based on Big Data to join their team. RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Data Scientist will be responsible for extracting & deriving insights from our data. The candidate should be well versed in machine learning models (both supervised and un-supervised: primarily clustering, regression and time series) – the expectation is for the person to build and fit models, run hypothesis testing & experimentation but also communicate actionable recommendations for the business. The candidate will partner with analysts, engineers as well as business users and executives in implementing statistical frameworks and monitoring the effectiveness of the recommendations and quantifying the impact. The candidate should be comfortable with report building, data visualization and developing the necessary calculations to support the analysis.   Previous experience in the digital marketing space, funnel analysis, end-user segmentation will be preferred. The candidate will be analyzing a ton of diverse data sources (both proprietary and 3rd party) including: website event tracking, performance & profitability data, search engine results, market share information, educational metrics, among others. We are looking for someone with positive, high-energy, and insatiable curiosity. Detail-oriented and data-driven, with an ability to multi-task, prioritize, and adapt to changes when necessary. The company offers competitive salaries, robust benefits including health, dental and vision plans, gym membership reimbursement, 401k, and a great “work-hard, play-hard" environment. |The Data Scientist will be responsible for extracting & deriving insights from our data. The candidate should be well versed in machine learning models (both supervised and un-supervised: primarily clustering, regression and time series) – the expectation is for the person to build and fit models, run hypothesis testing & experimentation but also communicate actionable recommendations for the business. The candidate will partner with analysts, engineers as well as business users and executives in implementing statistical frameworks and monitoring the effectiveness of the recommendations and quantifying the impact. The candidate should be comfortable with report building, data visualization and developing the necessary calculations to support the analysis.|Previous experience in the digital marketing space, funnel analysis, end-user segmentation will be preferred. The candidate will be analyzing a ton of diverse data sources (both proprietary and 3rd party) including: website event tracking, performance & profitability data, search engine results, market share information, educational metrics, among others.|We are looking for someone with positive, high-energy, and insatiable curiosity. Detail-oriented and data-driven, with an ability to multi-task, prioritize, and adapt to changes when necessary.|The company offers competitive salaries, robust benefits including health, dental and vision plans, gym membership reimbursement, 401k, and a great “work-hard, play-hard" environment.
