Read what people are saying about working here. 

Building Location:

Peerless Building

Department:

47040 Information Management

Job Description:

This position supports Essentia Health’s mission and goals by analyzing healthcare data to identify advancement in clinical outcomes, quality, and business results. This position will work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive clinical and business outcomes. The role will use large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and uses models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Position will mine and analyze data from company databases to drive the optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques, and business strategies. The role will assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. This position will develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Predictive modeling will be used to increase and optimize clinical outcomes, quality, patient/customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. This role will develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Position will coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. The Data Scientist will have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in large data sets and working with stakeholders to improve clinical and business outcomes for Essentia Health.

Work Experience:

6 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models.

Experience using a variety of data mining/data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using/creating algorithms and creating/running simulations.

Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.

Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.).

Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: C, C++, Java,

Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.

Education Qualifications:

Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Economics, Healthcare Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Computer Science, Theoretical Physics, Quantitative Social Sciences, Actuarial Science or any such related fields.

Preferred:

Master’s or PHD in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Economics, Healthcare Economics, Mathematics, Statistics, Biostatistics, Computer Science, Theoretical Physics, Quantitative Social Sciences, Actuarial Science or any such related fields

Licensure/Certification Qualifications:

No certification/licensure required.

FTE:

1

Shift Rotation:

Day Rotation (United States of America)

Shift Start Time:

Shift End Time:

Weekends:

Holidays:

No

Call Obligation:

No

Union:

Union Posting Deadline:
