Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they're doing!

We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.

If you like wild growth and working with happy, enthusiastic over-achievers, you'll enjoy your career with us!

We are looking for a Data Scientist that will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data, and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. Projects include but not limited to; automating current reports and creating data visualizations for key performance indicators.

Responsibilities

Data mining using state-of-the-art methods

Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed

Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems

Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis

Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner

Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance

Developing systemic quality measurement processes through product lifecycle - development thru customer

Skills and Qualifications

Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable

Great communication skills

Experience with data visualization tools, such as Tableau

Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL

Experience with databases and database extracts

Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.

Good scripting and programming skills, Linux preferred

Data-oriented personality

Experience with Quality data and metrics

Working toward Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics or related field

 Lumentum (NASDAQ:LITE) is a market-leading manufacturer of innovative optical and photonic products enabling optical networking and comme...
