At Plenty, we’re on a mission to give people in local communities everywhere access to the freshest, most amazing tasting produce possible. And to do so in a way that’s better for the planet.

The people and teams who make up Plenty are at the core of how we do that. We are an ag-tech company looking for a Data Scientist to join the Software and Data team who will improve our most-difficult production systems by collaborating with cross-functional teams to deliver both ad-hoc and enduring data products. The Data Scientist uses data exploration, visualization, modeling, and experimentation to drive better decision making. In addition, she/he will deliver tangible optimizations and business logic to the production environment in the form of algorithms, models, scripts, reports, and data systems. The Data Scientist also supports a culture of making sound data-driven decisions through the development of rigorous methodologies to solve common problems and training against and/or documenting those approaches.

About Role

This is a technical role responsible for building sophisticated data products and analyses which are not possible without a strong specialized team. The ideal candidate takes pride in her/his work and posses strong analytical ability, the capacity to translate fuzzy requirements into actionable technical solutions, the capacity to explain solutions to people with other domain expertise, and an attention to detail. She/he appreciates an environment where superior work is encouraged, noticed, and rewarded and where individuals carry significant responsibility. The ideal candidate is uncommonly self-motivated and feels tremendous ownership over outcomes regardless of where in the organization solutions may lie.

What You'll Do

Identify data science problems and develop well documented and reusable analysis methodologies

Generate statistical analysis to characterize existing or proposed systems

Develop data-driven models for descriptive, diagnostic, predictive and prescriptive analytics

Establish reusable data processing pipelines to enable rapid and autonomous model generation

Design high quality experiments and analysis of results

Identify opportunities for improved data-driven decision making in the existing manufacturing environment

What We're Looking For

BS or MS in computer science, engineering, mathematics, or equivalent

5+ years of relevant work experience

Exemplary verbal, visual, and written communication skills

Excels in complex data analysis and visualization

Excels writing code in languages such as R (tidyverse) and Python (pandas/numpy)

Excels in documentation of methods, analysis and results

Excels in contributing to a team culture of superior work that is scalable and reproducible

Experience with relational, distributed, and streaming data systems

Experience in a factory organization and operations a plus

Knowledgeable about production Key Performance Indicators (KPIs)

Ability to work under pressure while managing competing demands and tight deadlines

Strong organizational skills with meticulous attention to detail

About Plenty

Plenty is a new kind of farm for a new kind of world. We’re on a mission to bring fresh, local produce to communities everywhere in a way that’s better for the environment by using 1% of the water, 1% of the land, and none of the synthetic pesticides or fertilizers of conventional agriculture. Our local field-scale indoor farms are creating a healthier, more delicious and sustainable future.

 Plenty is a new kind of farm for a new kind of world. We’re on a mission to bring fresh, local produce to communities everywhere in a way...
