Read what people are saying about working here. 

Business Applications is one of the four key growth areas for Microsoft and our cloud business over the coming years. As a foundational pillar of the company, the Business Applications Group is building the next generation of business applications and platforms that will help businesses large and small succeed in achieving their digital transformation agenda. The products we are responsible for include Dynamics 365, Power Platform (Power BI, PowerApps, Microsoft Flow), Mixed Reality for business and other SaaS applications and workloads.

We are seeking a dynamic and entrepreneurial leader for our Data Science function as part of our Insights and Analytics team. As a role covering 30+ products, this is a highly visible role that requires executive maturity, management experience leading a team of data scientists as well as technical depth and experience leveraging statistics, data analysis, data science & visualization to ultimately drive business insights that lead to action and successful business outcomes. In this role, you will be responsible for delivering deep analytical insights to drive business success as well as productizing models to help our operations such as support. Your role will have a direct impact on our bottom line such as reducing cost for customer care for our services as well as driving growth hacking initiatives to scale up the adoption of our products. Success hinges on enabling everyone in the organization to make informed decisions. We have a lot of success with products like Power BI and now are expanding our charter to Dynamics 365.

Would you join us on this exciting journey?

Responsibilities

Applying statistical and machine learning techniques to problems like forecasting, text feedback analysis, customer/user segmentation/classification, improve effectiveness of customer support ticket routing

Lead the efforts for understanding the data generated by experiments, and producing actionable, trustworthy conclusions from them

Establish complex problems and the associated data and giving the answers in a concise form to assist the team in making key business decisions

Present findings and recommendations to key decision makers at various management levels

Drive innovation leveraging Data Science and Machine Learning, to experiment with and establish new ways of driving customer engagement by leveraging data – ultimately resulting in usage and satisfaction growth

Build, motivate and manage a team of high performing individuals – your role and insights will touch all corners of our 5000+ member organization of engineers and product managers

Engage with customers via public presentations and 1:1 meeting at all levels

Recruit talent that will help us continue to drive world class data & analytics operations

Qualifications

Required:

Masters or PhD in Data Science, Mathematics, Operational research or related field

5+ years of people management experience

10+ years of hands-on experience with data science and analytics in business context

Preferred:

Experience with product and service big data telemetry systems

Significant experience in Data Science and Machine Learnings with a strong proven track record in delivering positive business impact

Strong knowledge in applied statistics and mathematics

Experience managing teams

Significant experience of analytical programming languages such as R and/or Python.

Enjoy discovering and solving problems; proactively seeking clarification of requirements and direction; being a self-starter who takes responsibility when required.

Superior interpersonal, verbal, visual and written communication and presentation skills, ability to communicate complex findings in a simple manner to executives

Ability to work collaboratively across multiple business and engineering teams

A willingness to learn, share, and improve.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances. We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that devel...
