Experis is partnered with an award-winning, service disabled veteran owned technology and logistics organization in their search for a Senior Data Scientist with an active Secret clearance to join their team in Washington, DC supporting their 5-year contract with Air Force Headquarters. This opportunity a Senior Data Scientist to lead their System Security Engineering activities to develop and implement plans, policies, and procedures for the Air Force S&T, laboratory management, technology transition, cooperation program, and experimentation. The Senior Data Scientist will also establish engineering policy and guidance for Air Force Systems, subsystems, and end-items. The tasks for this high-visibility position include: Coordinating policy and procedures governing the interaction of Assurance in Software Engineering (ASE) into all acquisition phases of lifecycle management and sustainment of AF weapon systems. Responsible for coordination of ASE of weapon system Platform Information Technology (PIT) policy development/writing and plans to include strategic planning, capital planning, and investment control, workforce planning, standards development, resource management, knowledge management, architecture, infrastructure planning and management. Coordinating policy development for the acquisition, implementation, and integration of cyber security resiliency software (CSRS) techniques into software supporting operations in all phases of life cycle management and sustainment of AF weapon systems. Reviewing existing and proposed policy documents that have Cyber Resiliency sections or possibly impact AF enterprise ASE e. Providing ASE expertise especially on weapon system Platform Information Systems (PIT) and Embedded Systems guidance to develop, implement, and evaluate actions to improve the cyber security and resiliency of operational software. Establishing consistency across validated security and resiliency software in support of operational systems-level requirements concepts of operations (CONOPS) and architectures and ensures all program technical activities are consistent with these system-level baseline documents. Reviewing program technical approaches to identify PIT and Embedded systems where integration of material solutions or Tactics, Technics and Practices (TTP) for operational software improves cyber security and resiliency. Assessing operating system end of life support analysis and recommending strategies to addressing impact. Qualifications: Active Secret clearance Masters Degree in Software Engineering, Cybersecurity or Information Assurance Must have 10 years of experience in acquisition and software engineering Level II DAWIA (or equivalent) certification in SE is also desired Highly Desired Experience: Modeling & Simulation (M&S) and M&S Standards development, SAF/AQ, Air Force M&S Center, CHECKMATE, Virtual Live Construct, TAC-BRAWLER, AFLCMC, ASD, PEO STRI Experis is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE/AA)
