Read what people are saying about working here. 

Life at Big Fish Games

Big Fish Games is an innovative developer and world-class publisher of a diverse portfolio of casual game franchises, including Big Fish Casino, Gummy Drop, Fairway Solitaire, Jackpot Magic Slots and Cooking Craze. Founded in 2002, we serve millions of players every day and are dedicated to providing players with the opportunity to play, connect, compete and discover anywhere and on any device. We are dedicated to enhancing life through exceptional play.

Our four core beliefs are what makes working at Big Fish Games unique. We believe in a work environment that:

Creates opportunities for impact

Shares a passion for challenge

Cultivates a spirit of creativity

Thrives through collaboration

Summary and Mission

The Data Science team is looking for a talented individual to extract insights from player data, design and analyze AB tests, and partner with the business to solve critical data problems. You will also be asked to think analytically and solve loosely defined problems as they present themselves. You should not only be strong with manipulating data but also with inferring what it means to help better guide the business's decision making. The role will focus on in-game player telemetry data with an emphasis on feature tuning and player experience optimization.

The perfect candidate can apply a breadth of knowledge, deep technical skills, and strategic thinking to make incredibly fun games. You are an effective communicator, curious, and motivated individual who likes to work in a collaborative team environment.

Key Responsibilities

Apply statistical rigor to analysis and communicate inference to business

Design AB testing around feature releases and optimization opportunities

Collaborate with game teams to create analysis, reports, & visualizations

Partner with game teams on new data taxonomy/tracking needs

Qualifications

1+ years working in Data Science field

4+ years performing complex data analysis at scale

2+ years writing complex Hive/SQL queries

Graduate degree in STEM discipline

Experience with Tableau, R, Python

Interest in Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning

Big Fish Games is an equal opportunity employer. We bring unique talents together to build something special that’s why we welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace regardless of race, gender, religion, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or veteran status.

This role is not eligible for any company sponsored immigration visas.

 With a number of studios in both Seattle and Oakland, we offer an oasis of creative game development in two amazingly rich and diverse ci...
