Data Scientist with 3-4 years of experience working on Application Development and Data Science projects. Familiarity with different data science concepts and hands-on coding experience. Should have coded production level applications for the specific business cases. Familiarity with architecture and integration of full stack applications to be delivered to business users. Have Database experience with building schema, tables and JDBC/ODBC code. * Job Skills: 1. 2+ years of python. 2. 2+ years working on Scikit-Learn and Deep Learning(Tensorflow or DeepLearning4j) 3. 2+ years of using Jupyter/Eclipse/Spyder 4. 3+ years of working on Linux environment. 5. Experience with Bash scripting 6. Data preparation and Analysis 7. Translate Business cases to Working Machine Learning Models 8. 2+ years of using SCM - Git/SVN 9. Familiar with Machine Learning Algorithms and application 10. Good Database skills - SQL/NoSQL 11. Good communication skills. 12. Team player * Nice Job Skills To Have - 1. Java/Java script 2. Knowledge on designing application architecture is a plus. 3. R is good to have. 4. Any UI development experience with React/Express/HTML is plus About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
