Job Description

Toomey Technologies has immediate openings for talented and motivated Data Scientists in Northern Virginia.

Our solutions require integrated models based on large and varied datasets, feeding analytic applications so that we can extract patterns and behaviors obscured within the data to augment the capabilities of human operators. We need data scientists/software engineers of all experience levels to staff positions supporting the defense and intelligence communities. This is a unique position where you will not only analyze the data, but also integrate your algorithms and visualizations into production systems. The Data Scientist will be working on a project to leverage commercial and open source data streams fused with classified intelligence to increase indications and warning (I&W) data and to provide automated resource allocation and response options to include support for object detection. The Data Scientist will work as part of an agile software development team to design and rapidly prototype scalable solutions. The candidate must be self-starting, able to work well within a team environment and motivated to deliver innovative capabilities that directly impact national security. Exceptional analytical skills and communication skills are crucial in communicating with government customers and stakeholders.

Provide data science support to perform feature engineering on data sources, develop association rule-based models designed to extract signals from data feeds and predict the likelihood of an activity based on patterns.

Participate in the research, design and development systems software, software applications and/or tools.

Identify new machine learning and advanced analytics methodologies based on available data sets, and implement dynamic models/algorithms.

Experience manipulating data from disparate data sources, building machine learning and deep learning models.

Assist in the design, development, testing, and validation of multiple modeling design concepts to include but not limited to statistical, mathematical, and simulation models.

Collaborate with product and engineering leadership on delivery strategy, roadmaps, and timelines.

Collaborate with architects, engineers, and analysts to implement enhancements or new applications.

Rapidly deliver capabilities in direct response to customer needs

Qualifications

Required Skills

Must be a U.S. citizen

Minimum TS security clearance required; TS/SCI preferred

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or related field

5-8 yrs. of related experience in:

Data analytics and Machine Learning

Analysis of algorithms, software, and software architectures

Natural language processing

Pattern analysis

Running multiple models and improving quality of detection

Experience developing and testing models

Windows & Linux/Unix environments

Experience with large scale data sets, using databases such as Postgres, MySQL

Experience with one or more of the following languages: Python, Java, R, C++

Desired Skills

MS or PhD in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, or related field

Experience conducting model feasibility research and algorithm development for machine learning

Experience with distributed datasets and experience analyzing both relational and NoSQL data structures.

Experience working within a software development or big data environment

Continuous Integration, Testing, and Deployment

IC/DoD focused data science

Additional Information

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
