ABOUT CARVANA...  
 At Carvana, we sell cars, but we’re not salespeople. We saw a huge problem with how much it can suck to buy a car the traditional way. To fix that, we committed ourselves to tackling one of the largest, yet-to-be-disrupted markets in the world – the $1T per year U.S. car market (yes, that’s $Trillion with a “T”). We provide a seamless, online car buying experience for consumers from A-to-Z. From acquiring, inspecting and certifying high quality cars, to providing 360° high-resolution photography inside and outside of the vehicle, to generating real-time financing and warranty options, to providing consumers with the option to have cars delivered to their driveway in as little as 24 hours or pick-up from one of our state-of-the-art Car Vending Machines (yes, you read that right) all with a 7-day Money Back Guarantee, we’ve made it our mission to redefine the car buying status quo. With no dealerships or commissioned salespeople, we also save thousands of dollars per car in expenses that we pass on to our customers.  
 Recently named Forbes’ 5th Most Promising Company in the U.S., we offer the excitement, culture, and opportunity of a start-up, with the capitalization and infrastructure of a much more established business. For more information on Carvana, take a look at our    company introduction video.   
 WORKING AT CARVANA YOU WILL NOTICE THAT...  
 You'll need to be a great communicator, a brand ambassador and possess the know how to get the job done.   We expect bright people, willing to roll up their sleeves, take on new assignments and juggle many things at once.  
 In return for your hard work, you'll have an opportunity to work at one of the fastest growing and creative technology companies around, as well as help us promote a life-changing product and develop a world-class team every day.  
 In our downtime, we have ping pong and corn hole (or “bags,” depending on where you’re from) tournaments.  However, the pace is pretty quick around here, so you'll need to be prepared to keep up.  
 There are Wacky Pants Wednesdays…you’ll have to come correct here to compete with our CEO Ernie.  
 JOB DESCRIPTION  
 We’re looking for data scientists/engineers with a passion for tackling big problems. As a member of our decision support systems team, you will help drive projects that inform decisions across all areas of our business. You will help us develop end-to-end algorithms and systems that affect Carvana’s day-to-day operations. Most importantly, you will be able to see how your work has an immediate, tangible impact on everyday operations in a well-funded and rapidly growing company.   
 RESPONSIBILITIES:     Develop and/or enhance optimization algorithms, models and systems for      Carvana’s last mile delivery scheduling processes where we have single and 2 car haulers doing customer deliveries and pickups    Utilizing our nationwide transportation network of 9 car haulers efficiently    Develop predictive models to be used in efficient delivery date/time assignment of customer purchases     Develop Python code for integrating optimization and analytics algorithms/ models to other systems such as Inventory Management Systems, Carvana Website, Transportation Management Systems    Develop analytical and simulation models to evaluate different strategies in our nationwide and last mile logistics networks    Create reporting tools/systems for monitoring the performance of above models/systems   
 REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE:     Bachelor’s of Science in Industrial Engineering, Applied Math, Computer Science, Statistics, or Engineering. Graduate degree focused on optimization in one of these fields heavily preferred.    Up to 2 years of experience in optimization/operations research projects, either academic or industrial    Ability to demonstrate strong analytical and problem-solving skills with real-life datasets, and be able to abstract mathematical models from real-life problems    Strong coding skills in Python with experience in delivering production-ready code    Fluency in SQL development    A solid understanding of statistics    Ability to prioritize and manage projects to completion without guidance    Strong communication skills   
 WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT IN RETURN     Full-Time Salary Position    Medical, Dental and Vision benefits    401K with company match    Access to opportunities to expand your skill set and share your knowledge with others across the organization    Company culture of promotions from within, with a start-up atmosphere allowing for varied and rapid career development   
 LEGAL STUFF  
 Hiring is contingent on passing a complete background check and drug screening.  
 Carvana is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information.  
 This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Phoenix, AZ 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         +30 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1282415
