Senior Data consultant, Long term contract   Must have skills: SAS 9.4, BI, Data Analytics, EDW, SQL, Oracle database, ETL, analysis, reporting and Migration experience will be extremely helpful The client is looking for a senior contractor to work on migration of SAS and SQL processes for ETL and reporting from legacy to new enterprise data warehouse (EDW). This individual will be responsible for converting the set of complex SAS processes, including large-scale ones with dozens of sub-processes in specific logical flows, to new data sources. The candidate must be able to understand the existing processes with only an overview of the business purposes, the SAS codes and simple user documented outlines. This differs from more formal IT processes in that it will not include comprehensive architecture documents, requirements, and test cases. Since the candidate must be able to understand the goals and needs given the information available, this role requires a combination of high level competencies in business understanding for credit policy, marketing and campaign reporting and analysis, as well as strong technical skills in SAS coding for automation, data manipulation, monitoring, and reporting. These competencies will also be applied to the new data sources, as the candidate must be able to understand the new data and how it compares to legacy data from both technical and business perspectives. They will use exploratory analysis and data documentation, but also must be able to envision the business understanding and application with limited guidance. This person needs to be a self-starter that can work with multiple groups with little supervision. You will be working with highly technical resources with diverse backgrounds in data warehousing, business intelligence, analytics, forecasting, and CRM. The team is responsible for delivering data solutions, analytical tools, campaign execution, and business insights to our stakeholders in Marketing, Finance, Customer Service, and Sales Operations. Teams of analytics professionals rely heavily on internal automation using SAS 9.4 servers and Oracle databases. As requests for reporting and analysis accumulated over the last several years on the current data source, a set of interdependent fully-automated processes has been built up and maintained by the team. These processes are not created or managed by IT resources. Rather, they are extended and maintained in a more flexible, rapidly-changing business environment. |Must have skills: SAS 9.4, BI, Data Analytics, EDW, SQL, Oracle database, ETL, analysis, reporting and Migration experience will be extremely helpful| The client is looking for a senior contractor to work on migration of SAS and SQL processes for ETL and reporting from legacy to new enterprise data warehouse (EDW). This individual will be responsible for converting the set of complex SAS processes, including large-scale ones with dozens of sub-processes in specific logical flows, to new data sources. The candidate must be able to understand the existing processes with only an overview of the business purposes, the SAS codes and simple user documented outlines. This differs from more formal IT processes in that it will not include comprehensive architecture documents, requirements, and test cases. Since the candidate must be able to understand the goals and needs given the information available, this role requires a combination of high level competencies in business understanding for credit policy, marketing and campaign reporting and analysis, as well as strong technical skills in SAS coding for automation, data manipulation, monitoring, and reporting. These competencies will also be applied to the new data sources, as the candidate must be able to understand the new data and how it compares to legacy data from both technical and business perspectives. They will use exploratory analysis and data documentation, but also must be able to envision the business understanding and application with limited guidance. |This person needs to be a self-starter that can work with multiple groups with little supervision.| You will be working with highly technical resources with diverse backgrounds in data warehousing, business intelligence, analytics, forecasting, and CRM. The team is responsible for delivering data solutions, analytical tools, campaign execution, and business insights to our stakeholders in Marketing, Finance, Customer Service, and Sales Operations. Teams of analytics professionals rely heavily on internal automation using SAS 9.4 servers and Oracle databases. As requests for reporting and analysis accumulated over the last several years on the current data source, a set of interdependent fully-automated processes has been built up and maintained by the team. These processes are not created or managed by IT resources. Rather, they are extended and maintained in a more flexible, rapidly-changing business environment.
