Read what people are saying about working here. 

Overview:

Wells Fargo technology teams drive innovation to create a more powerful and fulfilling financial experience for our customers and team members. You will join more than 24,000 team members supporting 95 billion transactions annually in 10 countries. Our career opportunities span the technology spectrum: advanced analytics, big data, information security, application development, cloud enablement, project management and more.

SUCCESS PROFILE

Check out the top traits we're looking for and see if you have the right mix. Additional related traits listed below.

Analytical

Detail-oriented

Insightful

Inventive

Problem Solver

Curious

Benefits

Wells Fargo wants to help you get more out of life and take care of things outside the office to make life a little easier. We provide:

Medical, Dental and Vision

Employer Matching 401(k)

Tuition Reimbursment

Maternity and Paternity Leave

Paid Time Off

Responsibilties

Job Description

At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. We’re looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you’ll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience.

Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you.

Data Management and Insights (DMI) is transforming the way that Wells Fargo uses and manages data. Our work enables Wells Fargo to empower and inform our team members, deliver exceptional experiences for our customers, and meet the elevated expectations of our regulators. The team is responsible for designing the future data environment, defining data governance and oversight, and partnering with technology to operate the data infrastructure for the company. This team also provides next generation analytic insights to drive business strategies and help meet our commitment to satisfy our customers’ financial needs.

The Enterprise Analytics and Data Science team is looking for a new team member with natural analytic curiosity, who takes the initiative to offer ideas and add value with limited direction. This role will be responsible for performing text analysis and advanced analytics supporting LOBs across the enterprise. This includes using machine learning techniques and programming languages to derive relevant analysis and metrics, including building proof of concepts to determine value of implementing in future projects.

KEY RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:

As part of a team focused on understanding the customer experience across the organization, the analyst will work within the team to follow and develop the analysis according to our analytic process:

Define/understand business objectives

Identify/assess data sources

Build text analytic and machine learning models

Data visualization

Communicating the results

In addition to a demonstrated ability using programming languages to perform text analysis, the ideal candidate should be able to think outside the box to uncover new ways to analyze unstructured data in conjunction with analytical tools to answer complicated business questions.

Required Qualifications

6+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling; or a Masters degree or higher in a quantitative field such as applied math, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics, econometrics, computer sciences, or business/social and behavioral sciences with a quantitative emphasis and 4+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following: reporting, analytics, or modeling

2+ years of Python experience

2+ years of SQL experience

2 + years of experience using quantitative machine learning techniques

2+ years of Natural Language Processing (NLP) experience

Desired Qualifications

Extensive knowledge and understanding of research and analysis

Strong analytical skills with high attention to detail and accuracy

Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills

Big Data experience

Other Desired Qualifications

Experience using GitHub for version control and collaboration

Knowledge and/or experience with the following:

Implementing solutions with common NLP frameworks and libraries in Python (NLTK, spaCy, gensim) or Java (Stanford CoreNLP, NLP4J)

Common NLP techniques, such as:

Pre-processing (tokenization, part-of-speech tagging, parsing, stemming)

Semantic analysis (named entity recognition, sentiment analysis)

Modeling and word representations (TF-IDF, LSA, LDA, word2vec)

Data engineering skills (deploying analytical solutions across an organization in a production format)

Serving as an in-house expert on NLP and speech analytics, teaching others advanced techniques and using state-of-the-art methods

Disclaimer

All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.

Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women.

Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation.

 Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a nationwide, diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. ...
