Responded to 51-74% of applications in the past 30 days, typically within 1 day. 
Options EPPM is working with a client to fill a Data Scientist position.

The successful candidate will transform information into insight to drive our continued growth, and to understand how we can service our clients better. The data scientist role combines internal and external sources of data to paint a clear picture of who our clients are,and how they engage with our products and services. Identifying interesting and useful trends in this data, and formulate hypotheses on how we can leverage these trends to improve our offering and grow our client base. You will see your insights turned into action as we test and implement changes to take advantage of your analysis.

IBG, a subsidiary of InteractiveBrokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: IBKR), is a direct access electronic brokercatering to the needs of professional and frequent traders, institutionalinvestors, financial advisors, and introducing brokers. Our clients have accessto more than 120 market centers in 26 countries from a single account. We arethe lowest cost provider of brokerage services and the largest U.S. electronicbroker based on daily average revenue trades executing 695,000 trades per day*. IBG employees are part of a dynamic, multinational, fast-paced,results-oriented team working to provide our customers with state-of-the-arttrading technology, superior execution capabilities, worldwide electronicaccess, and sophisticated risk management tools.

Responsibilities: 

Identify, analyze and pinpoint trends and patterns in our data sets that we can leverage to further our growth

Communicate and present your findings to executives and key stakeholders

Work closely with management to prioritize business and strategic objectives using a data-driven approach

Interact with executives and managers to identify information needs based around the products and services we offer to track how they are being used by our clients

Design and improve our data collection and database designs to optimize efficiency and improve the data quality

Acquire data from internal and external data sources that can be used to enhance our data sets and improve analysis

Qualifications: 

Masters in Computer Science,Mathematics, Statistics or hard science fields

5+ years' experience in a data science or data analysis role

Hands on knowledge of mining and analyzing data sets to extract meaningful trends

Experience using statistical programming languages or tool kits for analyzing large, complex data sets

Technical proficiency with optimizing data collection, database design, data mining and modeling/analysis

Strong analytical skills, attention to detail and accuracy

Expert problem solving skills and creative thinking ability

Ability to distill and present key findings to managers and other stakeholders (both technical and non-technical individuals)

Project management skills with experience planning and coordinating full project life cycle for data and research focused projects

Experience level: Mid-senior

Education level: Master’s degree

Job classification: Professionals

Skills: data science, data analysis, mining and analyzing data sets, statistical programming languages, Experience with Machine Learning, hypotheses based on brokerage metrics, customer data

Experience required: 5 Years

Relocation assistance: Yes

Visa requirement: Only US citizens and Greencard holders

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:

data scientist: 5 years (Required)

Education:

Master's (Required)
