We have a wonderful opportunity for a Data Scientist with our industry-leading client, with a focus on extracting value from IoT data and build models. We will accept corp to corp or w2 contractors. For our w2 consultants, we offer a great benefits package that includes Medical, Dental, and Vision benefits, 401k with company matching, and life insurance. Responsibilities of the Data Scientist: Design and develop interactive data visualizations Verify data quality and transform and cleanse data as needed Develop, analyze, and compare algorithms; rank by success probability  Communicate findings and suggest innovative solutions Create and present data visualizations to stakeholders Requirements of the Data Scientist: Master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, or equivalent At least 5 years of experience in data analytics and machine learning Experience with Big Data tools and products: Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, SQL, NoSQL, Cassandra Expertise in big data processing and familiarity with big data platforms Experience with Tableau, MicroStrategy, or equivalent data visualization platform Ability to use R, Python, Java, or Scala to perform statistical analysis Keywords: Data Scientist, Big Data, Kafka, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, SQL, NoSQL, Cassandra Job ID: 317167 About Eliassen Group: Eliassen Group provides strategic talent solutions to drive our clients’ innovation and business results. Leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in IT staffing, Agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively. Headquartered in Reading, MA and with offices from coast to coast, Eliassen Group offers local community presence, deep networks, as well as national reach. For more information, visit http://www.eliassen.com. Eliassen Group is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. Don’t miss out on our referral program! If we hire a candidate that you refer us to then you can be eligible for a $1,000 referral check!
