Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

We have an outstanding career opportunity for an entry level Associate Data Scientist located in our new corporate headquarters in Tinton Falls, NJ. This position will work closely with members of the worldwide Data Services team to help enhance and expand our business intelligence and data-driven initiatives. The ideal candidate is a self-starter with a desire to jump into a fast-paced and rapidly growing organization.

Position Responsibilities Include:

Work with our Data Science team to understand the gaps and coordinate between multiple business teams to gather requirements.

Locate, gather, select, and cleanse datasets ideally suited to provide data insights related to the requirements.

Analyze, explore, and characterize data trends and characteristics that relate to the business domain.

Design, develop, test, and document predictive, classifier, and deep learning machine learning AI models.

Position Requirements Include:

A minimum of Bachelor degree in Computer Science / Math or a related field, Master degree is a plus

Previous professional experience in Data Science or similar analytical role

Strong SQL coding experience in terms of both data extraction and reporting

Previous professional experience using Salesforce, Marketo and SQL Server

Good professional experience using R and Python for data manipulation and model building and scoring

Some exposure to SQL server Machine Learning technics

Previous professional experience building dashboards in Power BI and in Qlik Sense

Good critical thinking abilities and analytical skills

Document own work in an organized manner and present regular reports on progress

Previous working experience using PwerPoint to summarize analysis results in a presentation

Must have reliable transportation to our Tinton Falls, NJ office

Qualifications

null

Additional Information

Recognized as a leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant for Data Center Backup and Recovery Software, our industry's definitive independent ranking. For the seventh straight year, Commvault has been named a leader. And this year we're furthest on the "completeness of vision" and highest on the "ability to execute."

Commvault offers its products through a broad array of distribution partners globally, while building upon its strong portfolio of strategic partnerships with leading technology companies including Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, Cisco, Oracle, SAP, Nutanix, Pure, HP, Hitachi, NetApp and many others. Commvault's global headquarters is located in Tinton Falls NJ, with additional offices that support customers globally across the Americas, EMEA, and APAC.

Commvault is an equal opportunity workplace and is an affirmative action employer. We are always committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran status. and we will not discriminate against on the basis of such characteristics or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we work.

 As an organisation, we are committed to a great work culture that embraces our values and promotes professional growth. Our Vaulters are ...
