Read what people are saying about working here. 

$5,406 - $6,307 a month

Temporary

Full/Part Time

Full-Time

Regular/Temporary

Regular

Salary Range From

5406.00

Monthly

Salary Range To

6307.00

Monthly

Planning/Asset Management

NDDOT Hiring Range: $5,406 - $6,307 / month

Underfilling may be considered, salary dependent on experience

The candidate that is selected for this position may be granted moving allowance provisions in accordance with Human Resource Policy 14.4.

Summary of Work

Lead data management and QA/QC activities for the North Dakota Department of Transportation’s roadway asset inventory, Highway Performance Monitoring System (HPMS), geographical information system (GIS), construction history, and state and federal performance management systems.

With IT, Co-lead Development and Implementation of Data Governance Standards for the Office of Transportation Programs (Planning/Asset Management, Programming, and Local Government Divisions). Develop and implement a systematic process to identify and track data quality requirements and issues. Assess root causes of data quality issues, lead preparation of improvement plans, assist in implementation of those action plans to correct data quality issues, and track progress toward their resolution. Coordinate with other Department data owners and data stewards to ensure the best quality data is available. Develop and implement a strategic data-management plan to ensure the-referenced quality data are available for cross-division analyses using the various Department-wide databases. Approximately 50 percent of the time will be spent on this duty.

Manage and Supervise Technical Support for the Planning/Asset Management Geographical Information System (GIS). Manage and maintain multiple linear referencing, reference point, and other location referencing systems used by the NDDOT GIS. Assist IT with implementing DOT's vision for GIS. Assist IT in development of GIS applications. Manage and supervise the analyses and presentations of data, applying knowledge of GIS. Manage and supervise the GIS applications and needs of the Planning/Asset Management Division. Respond to inquiries and/or make public presentations regarding the use and capability of geographical information system for the Planning/Asset Management Division. Approximately 20 percent of the time will be spent on this duty.

Manage and Maintain Data for each Highway Segment of the State System in the Asset Inventory System, including Pavement Information, Documenting Completed Construction Activities, Traffic Data, and Highway Classification Information. Perform database updates at the conclusion of each construction season based on information derived from field observations, construction plans, and/or district personnel interaction. Assist with incorporation of any changes impacting the annual submittal of HPMS data as well as any alignment changes requiring Linear Referencing System (LRS) updates. Assist with the submittal of the HPMS report, along with the certified state roadway mileage on an annual basis to FHWA. Approximately 30 percent of the time will be spent on this duty.

Minimum Qualifications

Requires a Bachelor’s degree with coursework in research methods or statistics with preference given for Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in data science, business analytics, or related field, and four years of work experience that must have included designing, developing, and applying advanced research methodologies and techniques. Prefer four years of data management experience. One year of the required work experience must have included supervisory or project management experience. A Master’s degree with coursework in research methods or statistics may substitute for two years of the required work experience.

(Research Analyst III) Requires a Bachelor’s degree with coursework in research methods or statistics with preference given for Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in data science, business analytics, or related field and three years of work experience which must have included designing, developing, and applying advanced research methodologies and techniques. Prefer three years of data management experience. A Master’s degree with coursework in research methods or statistics may substitute for two years of the required work experience.

Requires a class D driver’s license for travel to meetings and project locations.

Requires satisfactory completion of the interview process and a verifiable record of satisfactory performance in previous employment.

Application Procedures

Applications will ONLY be accepted online through the ND PeopleSoft System.

State of ND employees should access the announcement and application by signing into their ND PeopleSoft account at: https://www.cnd.nd.gov/psp/strp/?cmd=login&languageCd=ENG&, clicking on “my Career,” and selecting “Careers” in the drop down menu.

Applicants who are not employees of the State of North Dakota can access the announcement and application by visiting: http://www.nd.gov/hrms/jobs/announcements.asp

In addition to the online application, applicants should upload the following documents

Resume;

Cover letter (addressed to Human Resources Division);

Copy of their college transcript (if applicable).

Applicants claiming ND veteran’s preference must submit documentation proving their ND residency and eligibility under North Dakota Century Code 37-19.1 by uploading the following:

Veteran must upload a Form DD-214;

Disabled Veteran must upload a Form DD-214 and a current statement of disability from the Veterans Administration which is less than 1 year old;

Spouse of Disabled Veteran must upload a Form DD-214, a copy of the marriage certificate, and a current statement of disability from the Veterans Administration which is less than 1 year old; or

Spouse of a Deceased Veteran must upload a Form DD-214, a copy of the marriage certificate, and a copy of the veteran's death certificate.

Applicants who experience difficulties during the application process should contact recruiter@nd.gov or 701.328.3290.

Application materials will be scored based on a 100 point job related personnel system. Applications should include information which directly addresses how the applicant meets the minimum qualifications and summary of work. It is very important to be thorough and detailed on all your application materials.

Driving records of potential employees will be reviewed when the position requires a driver’s license. No person will be hired for a position that requires a driver’s license if any of the following apply:

Driver’s license is suspended, revoked, or canceled in any state, including CDL restrictions if a CDL is required for the position.

Driving records shows two or more convictions within a three-year period to the date of application for the following:

Driving with a suspended, cancelled, or revoked license

Fleeing in motor vehicle from law enforcement officers

Driving or being in actual physical control of a vehicle under the influence of alcoholic beverages or controlled substances with a blood alcohol content of 0.08 percent or more

NDDOT does not provide sponsorships.

Applicants should contact Denise Osmond, at 701-328-4358 or deosmond@nd.gov in advance of the position closing date if they require accommodation during the application, recruitment, or selection processes or would like a complete Job Description Questionnaire.

For questions regarding this position’s duties or requirements, please contact Jack Smith at 701-328-2016.

TTY users may use Relay North Dakota at 711 or 1-800-366-6888.
