Data Scientist Position requires US Citizen If you're looking for a career that will provide a challenging work environment and many opportunities to learn, our company is the place for you. Join our team and become part of a company full of exciting opportunities. We help employees achieve their personal best by offering many opportunities that develop and enhance their skills for career advancement. Duties: The Data Scientist will be responsible for utilizing data science methodologies to produce a model(s) that accurately (80%+) identify use cases utilizing a variety of datasets, including work order information, Timesheet, and outage data. This individual will be well-versed in neural networks and other machine learning techniques and they must have the ability to describe technical details in a manner that is understood by non-technical individuals. They must also be able to resolve data issues. The Data Scientist should be able to provide demos of working solutions. They must be able to prepare and present models and dashboards for all levels of the company, including directors, managers, vice presidents, and front-line employees. Skills: The Data Scientist must have excellent interpersonal skills, as they may work internally or externally depending on their projects. It is vital they are proficient in machine learning, database design, and data science methodology. Python, R, and SQL are necessary for this role. Also, they must be able to articulate to others the details behind their outputs. The Data Scientist must possess excellent problem solving skills, and proficiency in Tableau and Microsoft products is also recommended. The selected Data Scientist will have taken the leadership role on multiple complex data problems and be able to explain their results. We are looking for someone that can explain their approach and what factors were considered along the way. Ideally this person can tell us the story of a complex data problem they worked on from beginning to end. Education: Master's/PhD in Data Science, Statistics, or Math preferred. 5-10 years of experience preferred. At Fast Switch, Our Purpose is Our People and Our Planet. We come to work each day and are reminded we are helping people find their success stories. Isn't that cool? Also, Doing the right thing is our mantra. We act responsibly, give back to the communities we serve, and have a little fun along the way. We at Fast Switch have been doing this for 22 years. We're doing business in almost half the states in the union with offices in Detroit, MI, Columbus, OH, New York, Hartford, CT, Massachusetts, Minneapolis, MN, Los Angeles, CA, San Francisco, CA, and Tucson, AZ. We're a financially strong, privately-held company that is 100% consultant and client focused. We've differentiated ourselves by being fast, flexible, creative and honest. Throw out everything you've heard, seen, or felt about every other IT Consulting company. We do unique things, and we do them for Fortune 10 companies, Inc. 500 companies, and technology start-ups. We also have a strong belief in giving back to the communities we serve. Our benefits are second to none and thanks to our flexible benefits options you can choose just the benefits that you need or want, options include: * Medical and Dental (Fast Switch pays majority of the medical program) * Vision * Personal Time Off (PTO) Program * Long Term Disability (100% paid) * Life Insurance (100% paid) * 401(k) with immediate vesting and 3% (of salary) dollar-for-dollar match Plus, we have a lucrative employee referral program and an employee recognition culture. In 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, Fast Switch was named one of the Top Work Places in Michigan by the Detroit Free Press and one of the Best Staffing Firms in 2016 and 2017. We have won the Columbus Business First "Fast 50" award 9 times in 12 years because of our strong growth which translates into more and better opportunities for our consulting staff members. Ranked "#1" supplier by over 50% of our customers nationally. Ranked "Top 3" supplier by over 75% of our customers nationally. To view all of our open positions, please go to: www.fastswitch.com and at the bottom of the page click Job Portal, or get there directly at: https://www.jobs.net/jobs/fastswitch/en-us/all-jobs/ You can also follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/fastswitch And you can become a fan of Fast Switch on Facebook at: http://tinyurl.com/y9y3gdp
