$62,844 - $100,908 a year

Summary

About Us:

The Oregon State Lottery is modernizing its technology, processes and gaming offers to better meet the needs of a digital world. We're looking for experienced and motivated talent who want to turn data into insights to create better decision-making across the enterprise.

About the Role:

The Oregon Lottery’s Research & Analytics (R&A) Team serves as a center of excellence for promoting data-driven decision making throughout the organization. As business consultants and partners to the enterprise, we integrate business intelligence, advanced analytics, market research and market intelligence into program discovery, development, implementation, and ongoing performance management. We partner closely with IT to lead the agency’s Enterprise Information Management program to ensure data governance, sound information architecture, data quality, and distributed access to business intelligence. This is a highly collaborative environment and we aim to achieve relevant insights.

Data Scientists collaborate with business partners to identify data requirements, develop dashboards to support real-time business tracking and translate data into insights. The Lottery is looking for a Data Scientist who will partner and consulting with Lottery’s Digital Marketing, Product, and Retail Sales teams to access, analyze, and use data as part of the Lottery’s mobile and web analytics program. You are an accomplished data analyst and communicator who enjoys taking the initiative to explore data and share insights.

Responsibilities

You Will:

Identify opportunities to enhance the depth and value of the Lottery’s mobile app, website, and social media data

Identify and integrate data from multiple sources to better understand customer segments and preferences

Partner with the marketing team and other functions to establish an analytic program that analyzes digital experiences to create relevant insights

Produce performance and measurement dashboards to monitor performance, act on opportunities, and address pain points

Ensure consistency of data across all dashboards, metrics, and analysis

Qualifications

You Have:

Knowledge, Skills, Experience

Business analytics and consulting

Work with databases, data warehouses, and large datasets

Access data and create reports based on a SQL database

Compile, clean, transform, and tabulate data

Strong attention to detail and accuracy

Excellent communicator

Excellent interpersonal skills - able to gain the trust and respect of marketing and product partners by understanding their strategies and helping them connect insights to actions

Prioritize assignments within specified timelines

Continuous Improvement orientation

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor’s Degree

Five (5) years of hands-on proficiency writing complex SQL queries to access data from SQL databases

Proficiency using web analytics tools such as Google Analytics, Facebook Insights, Adobe Analytics, etc.

Desired Experience

Degree in a closely related field with data analysis orientation

Use a business analytics platform, such as Power BI or Tableau, to visualize and share insights (training is provided).

Understand digital marketing best practices and social media marketing.

Highly proficient in Windows, Excel, Word, and PowerPoint.

Proficient in statistical tools such as R, Python, or SPSS a plus.

Work for a digital gaming platform or content provider, such as mobile, video, sports, or online casino, a plus.

Experience with geospatial analytics software a plus.

Our Benefits:

As an employee, you will enjoy:

Vacation Leave: 10 hours per month, with increased accruals every 5 years

Sick Leave: 8 hours per month

Personal Business Leave: 24 hours per year

11 Holidays per year

Telework and flexible schedules for eligible positions

Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, and prescription benefits with low monthly premiums

Life insurance, short-term and long-term disability, accidental death, long-term care, and pre-tax flexible spending accounts

Public Employees Retirement System (PERS) - retirement program includes defined benefit (pension) and defined contribution (retirement savings)

Oregon Savings Growth Plan 457(b) deferred compensation plan that provides additional savings for retirement; post tax, pre-tax options available

APPLY NOW!! Visit http://www.oregonlottery.org/jobs/

The results of this recruitment may be used to fill future vacancies.

The Oregon Lottery® reserves the right to change, withdraw, close, or re-post job announcements as business needs dictate.

ORS 461.150 (5) states, "No person will be employed by the state lottery who has been convicted of a felony or any gambling related offense." A background investigation is required before job offer which includes fingerprinting, criminal history, credit history (based on the position), tax records, driving record, affiliation with the gaming industry, and checking employment references and character references.

All employees and members of their immediate family, regardless of where they live, are prohibited-by-law from playing Oregon Lottery® games.

According to the American with Disabilities Act, persons with disabilities who believe they need reasonable accommodation, or help to apply for this position, may call 503-540-1315 or email oregon.lotterycareers@state.or.us

THE OREGON LOTTERY® IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY/AFFIRMATIVE ACTION EMPLOYER COMMITTED TO WORKPLACE DIVERSITY.
