Read what people are saying about working here. 

OUR STORY:

Ulta Beauty is the largest specialty beauty retailer in the United States and the place for the true beauty enthusiast who gets butterflies as she shops for beauty and experiments throughout our store. We are the only one to provide our guests prestige, mass and salon products and services under one roof – All Things Beauty, All in One Place™. We put our guests at the center of all we do, committing to offer her unrivaled ways to be beautiful in an environment that provides the thrill of exploration and delight of discovery.

QM Scientific is a Silicon Valley-based startup that harnesses the power of AI to deliver cutting edge consumer experiences in retail. Through Ulta Beauty’s first-ever acquisition, the QM Scientific team has joined the Digital Innovation team at Ulta. The Digital Innovation team is part of Ulta’s commitment to accelerate innovation to further differentiate Ulta Beauty and elevate our guest experience. Our mission is to bridge digital & physical journeys by leading thought and discovering technology to help create a differentiated & relevant guest experience.

POSITION SUMMARY:

The Data Scientist is a core member of the Digital Innovation team who will push the boundaries of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Natural Language Processing (NLP) to deliver next-generation experiences that will change how millions of users shop everyday. We’re looking for rock-star data scientists who will bring fresh ideas from the areas of Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning and Data Mining to design, build and scale “wow” consumer experiences in a fast paced innovation-focused environment. As part of the innovation team, the Data Scientist will be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle problems across the complete stack as we push the boundaries of retail technology.

This is a great opportunity to come in at the ground level and make your mark in a startup environment, while delivering products that impact millions of users everyday.

CORE JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:

Natural Language Processing: Design and implement novel NLP algorithms that power personalization efforts. NLP areas to tackle include topic modeling, document clustering, entity detection, sentiment analysis and ontology building.

Machine Learning: Leverage Machine Learning (ML) to tackle challenging problems in the NLP and retail consumer engagement space. This may require developing novel algorithms and/or understanding how to apply existing methodologies to solve given domain specific problems.

Platform Development: Contribute and integrate all efforts into a team-wide AI platform using best-of-class and scalable software engineering practices.

Relation Management: Explain and present complex algorithms in a concise manner to internal stakeholders in order to garner support and buy in from business partners.

Mentor: Mentor cross functional collaborators or lesser experienced team members in the use AI / ML / NLP methodologies and techniques.

REQUIREMENTS FOR CONSIDERATION:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, with a focus on Machine Learning and / or Data Science.

Experience with Machine Learning algorithms, techniques and methodologies.

Experience with Cloud Computing, such as Google Cloud Platform, Amazon Web Services etc.

Experience with Big Data, Semi-Structured, and Unstructured databases, algorithms, techniques and methodologies.

Experience with one or more general purpose programming language including but not limited to Python and C++.

Demonstrated passion for, and ability to drive, innovation & emerging digital technologies.

Demonstrated ability to learn quickly in order to understand our rapidly evolving product, business, intellectual property, and guest needs.

Ability to communicate clearly and concisely across a variety of audiences including technology and business.

Ability to think strategically as well as tactically in order to drive ideas into action.

Some travel required (stakeholder meetings / training / conferences)

PREFERED FOR CONSIDERATION:

MS or PhD in Computer Science with focus on Machine Learning and / or Data Science.

2+ years of industry experience within NLP, Machine Learning, Data Science or similar.

Experience with GPU computing.

Experience with Graph Databases.

 Ulta Beauty (NASDAQ: ULTA) is the largest beauty retailer in the United States and the premier beauty destination for cosmetics, fragranc...
