Company

ProjectManager.com is an award-winning Project Management software company, with thousands of paying customers around the World like NASA and the United Nations using our SaaS platform to manage projects. We are now seeking a full-time Data Scientist to further fuel our companies growth. This position will be based in our Austin, TX office and due to its importance, will report directly to the CEO.

Job Role

Your role is to provide deep and accurate insight into business performance, so that we can make better decisions and impact revenue growth. If you're data-driven, have an analytical mindset and experience in building SaaS Business Intelligence platforms, then this role is for you.

Key Responsibilities

Build a new Business Intelligence Platform

Select the strategic tool-set for our new BI platform.

Build the platform from the ground up. While you will have software development resources at your fingertips for the engineering work needed, you will architect, configure and roll out the platform from the ground up.

Once your new BI engine has been created, you will use your SaaS knowledge to create a Dashboard for analyzing the performance of the business on an ongoing basis. This platform will also include the charts needed for senior management reporting. Those charts will show all of the industry standard SaaS metrics like Conversion Rates, Retention Periods, Churn Rates, CAC, LTV ratios etc.

Provide deep insight into performance

Having now built a powerful BI platform at your fingertips, you will then focus on analyzing the business performance results, on a daily basis.

You will provide deep insight into the performance of every aspect of the business, constantly identifying areas for improvement. For instance, you might identify; that the ROI needs to be improved for a specific Google Advertising campaign, that a specific Customer Success tactic caused Account Churn to increase, or that Pricing needs to be adjusted on specific Product Editions etc.

Strategy & Execution

Having gained deep insight into the performance of the business, you will work with the VP's of Marketing, Sales, Product and Customer Success to create tactics and action plans for addressing the revenue opportunities you have identified.

By helping create strategies and tactics for revenue growth, you will constantly be traversing the data and strategy levels within the business.

Experience

Must Have:

3-5 year's experience as a Data Scientist, or other similar "hands-on" data role

Built or rolled out a Business Intelligence platform from the ground up

Worked in a transactional online business, knowing the levers which affect revenue

Bachelors' degree or equivalent is required as a minimum

Ideally would have:

Experience as a Data Scientist in a "SaaS" business

Worked as an analyst in an Investment Banking, Private Equity, Venture Capitalist or other "numbers-based" firm, so that SaaS metrics are second-nature.

Skills

This is very much a hands-on role and therefore requires extensive technical and data analytical skills

Technical Skills

Business Intelligence and Data Warehousing

Advanced SQL knowledge

Tableau or other presentation layer technologies

Expert in Excel Pivot Tables

Analytical Skills

An expert in collecting, cleaning and munging data

A true talent for extracting meaning from and interpreting data

Advanced problem-solving abilities

Interpersonal Skills

Excellent communication skills; written, verbal and interpersonal

Self-motivated, process-driven and detail oriented

Honest, upfront and a team player

Benefits

Amazing full benefits: Health, Dental, Vision

Competitive compensation package

Generous PTO policy including paid sick days

401k with company match

Work/ life balance

Open atmosphere: our product continues to grow because we hire amazing people with great ideas
