Read what people are saying about working here. Data and Analytics, the advanced analytical division of Equifax, offers state of the art solutions to current and emerging business challenges. Through our data analytics, customer insights, predictive modeling, and consulting services, we deliver the analytics and insights companies need to stay ahead. Our US Information Services team is seeking a recent college graduate for a data scientist position to construct elite analytical solutions and business insights for Equifax. You will work with project leads to utilize Equifax’s unique data assets and cutting edge technologies, like our Hadoop analytics platform to solve business problems for Equifax and our customers.

Who is Equifax?

Equifax is a global information solutions company that uses trusted unique data, creative analytics, technology and industry expertise to power organizations and individuals around the world by transforming knowledge into insights that help make more informed business and personal decisions.

Regardless of location or role, the individual and collective work of our people makes a difference in our business.

We are looking for individuals who can help us disrupt the marketplace. You will do this by delivering leading-edge technology to build and deliver unparalleled customized insights that enrich both the performance of businesses and the lives of consumers.

We will give you the opportunity to drive innovation and automation across the enterprise. This will include tool and process integrations across all business units within Equifax globally.

Responsibilities

Perform analysis and create risk and marketing solutions for Equifax customers

Conduct statistical analysis under the supervision of a manager-level analyst

Extract and process data from various sources and platforms as required for analytical projects

Perform business/marketing intelligence analysis, score development, and score validations

Generate ways to solve analytical problems creatively and efficiently; review with manager-level analyst

Ensure quality deliverables for all work performed by checking process followed and thinking through the output to ensure it makes business sense

Perform audits surrounding implementation of products and analytic solutions

Perform QA analysis on solutions developed by other statisticians

Create business intelligence visualizations of insights for customers and of data asset summaries for data quality assessments

What makes you a good fit for this role?

You have attained an undergraduate degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, Engineering or other quantitative discipline, Master’s degree a plus

You have at least 1-2 years coursework and/or experience with advanced data mining algorithms such as machine learning, and logistic/linear regression solutions

You have experience or coursework with ingesting, analyzing and summarizing large data sets

You have coursework or experience in code development in SQL, Python, Hive, Impala, R or SAS

You're experienced operating in a Unix/Linux operating system and with Hadoop or other database technologies

You have extensive experience utilizing Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)

You possess excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to communicate with team members at various levels, including business leaders, to explain methodologies and results to business partners

You have creative problem solving and analytical skills to provide insights on areas of improvement

A real passion for and the ability to learn new technologies

What will make you stand out above the rest?

You have experience with data visualization software, such as: Spotfire and Tableau

The Perks of being an Equifax Employee?

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

We offer an excellent compensation packages with high-reaching market salaries and 401k matching, along with the works: comprehensive healthcare packages, schedule flexibility, work from home opportunities, paid time off, and organizational growth potential.

To speak to us about this role in more detail apply online.

Primary Location: USA-Atlanta-One-Atlantic-Center

Function: Function - Data and Analytics

Schedule: Full time Equifax is a global data, analytics, and technology company. 

We believe knowledge drives progress. We blend unique data, analytics, a...
