Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

As a Data Scientist 1, you will help us build machine learning models, data pipelines, and micro-services to help our clients navigate their healthcare journey. You will do so by empowering and improving the next generation of Accolade Applications and user experiences.

A day in the life…

Work with a small agile team to design and develop mobile applications in an iterative fashion.

Work with a tight-knit group of development team members in Seattle.

Contribute to best practices and help guide the future of our applications.

Operates effectively as a collaborative member of the development team.

Operates effectively as an individual for quick turnaround of enhancements and fixes.

Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverables on time with high quality.

Drive and implement new features within our mobile applications.

Perform thorough manual testing and writing test cases that cover all areas.

Identify new development tools/approaches that will increase code quality, efficiency, and best practices.

Develop and champion the the development processes, coding style guidelines, and architectural designs necessary to innovate and maintain great product quality.

Effectively turns design documents and graphics into performant, usable UI.

Demonstrates creative, technical, and analytical skills.

Demonstrates ability to communicate effectively in both technical and business environments

Qualifications

What we are looking for…

Master’s Degree in Computer Science, Math, or related field.

Computer Science fundamentals, as illustrated through algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis.

Must have 1+ year real-world experience developing and deploying micro-services or data pipelines

Must have a fundamental understanding of key machine learning concepts, such as accuracy measures, cross-validation, and open source machine learning libraries

Fluent in Python and SQL

Proficient with writing unit/functional tests and familiar with automation frameworks

Experience with cloud infrastructure, such as AWS or Azure, is a plus.

Experience with distributed data pipelines, such as a Spark, is a plus.

Strong written and oral communication skills.

Desire and willingness to work in an Agile, collaborative, innovative, flexible, and team-oriented environment

Hands-on, detail-oriented, methodical & inquisitive

A motivated self-starter with a solid level of experience that quickly grasps complex challenges

A skillful communicator with experience working with technical management teams

 A service oriented person who thinks "Customer First"

Fast fail entrepreneurial spirit

Thrives in a fast-paced environment where continuous improvement is the norm and the bar for quality is extremely high

Excited by the challenges of working in a product team undergoing rapid, international growth

Additional Information

What is important to us

Creating an enduring company that is hyper-focused on our culture and making a meaningful impact in the lives of our employees, members and customers. The secret to our success is:

We find joy and purpose in serving others

Making a difference in our members’ and customers’ lives is what we do. Even when it’s hard, we do the right thing for the right reasons.

We are strong individually and together, we’re powerful

Trusting in our colleagues and embracing their different backgrounds and experiences enable us to solve tough problems in creative ways, having fun along the way.

We roll up our sleeves and get stuff done

Results motivate us. And we aren't afraid of the hard work or tough decisions needed to get us there.

We’re boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare

We're curious and act big - not afraid to knock down barriers or take calculated risks to change the world, one person at a time.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

 Accolade is a personalized health and benefits solution that dramatically improves the experience, outcomes and cost of healthcare for em...
