Data Scientist Pleasanton, CA 105k-145k/yr Kelly IT Resources is currently recruiting for talented Data Scientists for the chance to join high-performing, exciting and growing SF Bay Area companies. We currently have multiple, local, lucrative, challenging and engaging contracts, long-term consulting and permanent/direct hire opportunities! The selected Data Scientists will have the chance to work with in a variety of domains and environments and will get to assist in the designing and developing of next generation ML, AI-based, modern analytical products, systems and platforms!   If you are an ambitious talented Data Scientist looking to design, build and create innovative technology for a compelling and exciting company then PLEASE APPLY!   Data Scientist Responsibilities:   Develop data modeling, machine learning, and data visualization products to address customer needs Responsible for designing, developing, and implementing ML models to be used in a production environment. Build and utilize partnerships with engineering and product management team members to identify questions and recommend innovative solutions using data Develop prototypes and execute experiments to evaluate the performance of ML/AI architectures/algorithms in large-scale applications. Communicate your work in terms of value, business objectives, and product opportunity Data Scientist Qualifications: Bachelors, Masters, or Ph.D. degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Applied Mathematics, Industrial Engineering or other related disciplines. 3+ years of professional experience Expert knowledge of a scientific computing language (such as R or Python) Experience with manipulating complex data sources and very large-scale data. Familiarity with technical tools for data analysis - Python, R, SQL. Exp with relational databases, distributed storage and computing tools (e.g. Hive, Spark) Experience with Data Visualization Tools (Tableau, Plotly, Bokeh etc.) Why Kelly®? With Kelly, you’ll have direct connections to leading IT organizations in the best companies around the globe—offering you the chance to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative and high- visibility projects. In a field where change is the only constant, our connections and opportunities will help you take your career exactly where you want to go. We work with 95 of the Fortune 100™ companies, and more than 3,000 IT hiring managers turn to us each year to access the best talent: people like you. Last year we found 8,000 opportunities for IT professionals. Let us help advance your career today. About Kelly Services® As a workforce advocate for over 70 years, we are proud to directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world and have a role in connecting thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners. Revenue in 2017 was $5.4 billion. Visit kellyservices.com and connect with us on Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Kelly Services is an equal opportunity employer including, but not limited to, Minorities, Females, Individuals with Disabilities, Protected Veterans, Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and is committed to employing a diverse workforce. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.
