Read what people are saying about working here. 

Organization: Accenture Federal Services

Location: Suitland, MD

Accenture Federal Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of Accenture LLP, is a U.S. company that helps clients transform bold ideas into breakthrough outcomes. We serve every cabinet-level department and 30 of the largest federal organizations. Our 9,000 dedicated colleagues and change makers work with clients at the heart of the nation's priorities in defense, intelligence, public safety, civilian and health to make a difference for the people they employ, serve, and protect.

Are you interested in leveraging your analytical skills and strategic ideas to improve mission execution? If so, then Accenture Federal Services is the place for you! Our data engineers are helping clients embrace machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance the national security mission. We’re working with Agencies to exploit the world’s increasing data flow to yield powerful insights. We assist clients with the entirety of the data science pipeline, enabling clients to ask the right questions or their data, build powerful models that find hidden patterns, and ultimately decipher results. In this time of disruption, organizations need to navigate the future with confidence while embracing decision making with clear, data-driven alternatives that deliver value in a meaningful business environment.

In this role we’re looking for individuals who are innovative engineers and expert story-tellers, who can interact directly with clients to construct enduring and impactful solutions. You’ll have the opportunity to work on a number of mission problems to rapidly build capability requiring the ability to adapt to unique client environments and use cases. You’ll be part of a diverse team of industry experts who specialize in data engineering, data mining, machine learning, statistics, and visualization with global reach back to Accenture’s over 2,100 Data Scientists.

What you’ll be doing:

Working directly with clients to develop analytic questions and define data and technology opportunities

Driving the exploration of data sources and analytic techniques to create new variables and modeling capabilities

Working with large and complex data sets to solve difficult and non-routine problems

Applying a variety of statistical methods/approaches to develop analytic models

It's time to consider a career where you’ll thrive on helping government clients improve mission performance. Apply now to join our team today!

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree

At least one year of data engineering or data strategy experience

At least one year of experience with one of the following technologies- SQL, Amazon, Hadoop, or SAP

US Citizenship

Preferred Qualifications:

Advanced degree in data science, business analytics or similar analytics concentration that is business-oriented

3 years experience with supervised and unsupervised analytic techniques

3 years experience with visualization applications - Tableau, Qlik, Shiny

Experience working with federal agencies and clients

Process enablement and execution experience

Knowledge of industry leading analytics and big data technologies, approaches, and tools

Experience working in fast-paced collaborative environments

Strong written and oral presentation skills

An active security clearance or the ability to obtain one may be required for this role.

Candidates who are currently employed by a client of Accenture or an affiliated Accenture business may not be eligible for consideration.

Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States and with Accenture (i.e., H1-B visa, F-1 visa (OPT), TN visa or any other non-immigrant status).

Accenture is a Federal Contractor and an EEO and Affirmative Action Employer of Females/Minorities/Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities.

Equal Employment Opportunity

All employment decisions shall be made without regard to age, race, creed, color, religion, sex, national origin, ancestry, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, citizenship status or any other basis as protected by federal, state, or local law.

Job candidates will not be obligated to disclose sealed or expunged records of conviction or arrest as part of the hiring process.

Accenture is committed to providing veteran employment opportunities to our service men and women.

 Accenture is a leading global professional services company, providing a broad range of services and solutions in strategy, consulting, d...
