Data Scientist (AWS-Pyspark)- Huntington Beach, California. Contract- 6+ months Attention Data Scientists with AWS and Pyspark experience. This is an opportunity to contribute to the growth of an up and coming Information technology Organization. Based in Huntington Beach, California, this organization has seen its growth soar over the past couple of year, with no indication of slowing down. This project will allow you to lead a team of hungry IT professionals who are eager to learn and make a different in their organization. Responsibilities Must be able to define features, tooling and enhancements to our products and processes Keep pulse of the latest development in AI/ML, big data, and the tools and products data scientists and businesses uses Lead teams in the AI and ML thought process Be a leader and mentor the junior data scientists Role Specific Skills A deep understanding of a variety of machine learning techniques such as clustering, decision tree, neural networks and their real-world applications Extensive experience utilizing scripting languages and tools such as Python, R, etc. in an effort to manipulate data and draw insights from large datasets Comfortability working with and producing data architectures Experience with: C#, C++, Java, JavaScript, etc. Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, GLM/Regression, text mining, social network analysis, Python, SQL AWS, Azure MUST BE ABLE TO USE MapReduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark If you or a person you know feel that they would like to pursue this opportunity, please contact me via phone at (215-391-1506) or email at m.venezia@jeffersonfrank.com Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Big Data and cloud analytics candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the upmost importance. For more information on available AWS Big Data Jobs as well as the cloud market, I can be contacted at 215-391-1506. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information.
