Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position Description

The Senior Data Systems Analyst/Data Scientist serves has a data expert for the Customer Information Analytics (CIA)Program. This role will assist with eliciting, analyzing, validating and managing the real data needs of project stakeholders, including business customers and end-users. Serves as a conduit between the business/customer community and the application team. Focus on data exploration based on business knowledge, for extracting valuable "KPIs". Provides analytical support and consulting on the CIA Advanced Analytics Project to ensure system and business requirements are clearly documented and understood during the design and development of the application. Analyzes and interprets complex data, of any kind, to assist the stand up of an Advanced Analytics Platform.

Job Responsibilities

Work in the CIA Advanced Analytics Project.

Partner with Program and Project Manager to design, deploy and support a big data platform required to support Ally Bank's CIA efforts.

Responsible for managing the technical aspects and making recommendations regarding a wide variety of software products including in the platform.

Leverage internal and external technical expertise to design and implement an analytic platform and provide analytical resources as required.

Help integrate data sources and link analysis capabilities to the platform

Help set milestones and monitor project progress.

Effectively communicate technical project risks and issues along with recommendations to senior level management.

Coordinate architecture tradeoffs and successfully decision and communicate system tradeoffs (In partnership with Project Manager).

Supervise technical aspects of the project, sustain staff and make personnel recommendations are requested by management.

Resolve complex data related issues

Qualifications

BS and 7+ years' experience or equivalent in the Data Scientist role

Thorough understanding of technical and data concepts

Knowledge of all phases of software development including design, coding, testing, debugging, implementation, and support

Ability to thoroughly understand the business client requirements

Ability to troubleshoot when issues arise

Ally Overview

Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering financial products for consumers, businesses, automotive dealers and corporate clients. Ally's legacy dates back to 1919, and the company was redesigned in 2009 with a distinctive brand, innovative approach and relentless focus on its customers. Ally has an award-winning online bank (member FDIC), one of the largest full service auto finance operations in the country, a complementary auto-focused insurance business, a growing digital wealth management and online brokerage platform, and a trusted corporate finance business offering capital for equity sponsors and middle-market companies.

Business Unit/Enterprise Function

Ally's Information Technology (IT) organization is focused on supporting and improving the position of our industry-leading business franchises through cost effective, innovative IT solutions, as well as overseeing critical functions that enable the day-to-day operations of the entire Ally Financial enterprise. IT is also responsible for the administration and execution of information protection, disaster recovery and IT risk management.

Total Rewards Information

Ally's compensation program offers market-competitive base pay and pay-for-performance incentives (bonuses) based on achieving personal and company goals. Plus, we have a flexible paid-time-off program including time off for volunteer opportunities. Ally's Total Rewards Program is designed to enrich your life at work - and outside of it and includes:

Industry-leading 401K retirement savings plan with matching and company contributions

Wellness program encouraging healthy living with financial rewards

Flexible health insurance options including dental and vision

Pre-tax Health Savings Account with generous employer contributions

Pre-tax commuter benefits

Other work-life integration benefits including parental and caregiver leave, adoption assistance, backup child and adult/elder day care program, child care discounts, tuition reimbursement, LifeMatters® Employee Assistance Program, subsidized and discounted Weight Watchers® program and other employee discount programs

Ally is an Equal Opportunity Employer

We extend equal employment opportunities to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual's age, race, color, sex, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, pregnancy status, marital status, military or veteran status, genetic disposition or any other reason protected by law.

 Ally Financial Inc. (NYSE: ALLY) is a leading digital financial services company and a top 25 U.S. financial holding company offering fin...
