Read what people are saying about working here. POSITION SUMMARY

Looking for opportunities to use cutting edge technologies analyzing petabytes of data in a world class Hadoop cluster, generating insights to guide consumers in their journey to wellness and help them achieve their health ambitions, whether its playing tackle football with their grandkids or running the Inca Trail Marathon? Aetnas Provider & Network Analytics team is focused on delivering strategically-impactful programs and tools to effectively partner with healthcare providers to help members across all life stages feel the joy of achieving their best health, in their own way.

Provides strategic leadership for the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. Acts as the analytic team lead for highly complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks, providing individual mentoring in support of company objectives.

Fundamental Components:

Leads development and execution of new and/or highly complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modeling techniques to evaluate scenarios and potential future outcomes. Establishes analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Manages highly complex analytical projects from data exploration, model building, performance evaluation and testing. Applies in-depth knowledge of systems and products to consult and advise on additional efforts across organization/enterprise. Motivates team members and probes into technical details, and mentors others to do the same. Provides thought leadership and direction for analytic solutions, tools and studies. Anticipates and solves strategic and high risk business problems with broad impact on the business area by applying leading-edge theories and techniques to investigate problems, detect patterns and recommend solutions. Provides guidance to develop enterprise-wide analytics strategy and roadmap. Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information/solutions related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology/ business solutions.

BACKGROUND/EXPERIENCE desired:

10 or more years of progressively complex related experience.

Demonstrates advanced in-depth specialization in mathematical analysis methods, machine learning, statistical analyses, and predictive modeling.

Comprehensive knowledge on health care industry, products, systems, business strategies and products.

Expertise in innovating and implementing novel machine learning techniques.

Expertise in advanced analytics tools and languages to analyze large data sets from multiple data sources.

Superior skills to effectively communicate and negotiate across the business and in the external health care environment.

Superior ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form.

Strong organizational, management and leadership skills.

Excellent analytical and problem solving skills.

EDUCATION

The highest level of education desired for candidates in this position is a Master's degree.

ADDITIONAL JOB INFORMATION

Aetna is about more than just doing a job. This is our opportunity to re-shape healthcare for America and across the globe. We are developing solutions to improve the quality and affordability of healthcare. What we do will benefit generations to come.

We care about each other, our customers and our communities. We are inspired to make a difference, and we are committed to integrity and excellence.

Together we will empower people to live healthier lives.

Aetna is an equal opportunity & affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment regardless of personal characteristics or status. We take affirmative action to recruit, select and develop women, people of color, veterans and individuals with disabilities.

We are a company built on excellence. We have a culture that values growth, achievement and diversity and a workplace where your voice can be heard.

Benefit eligibility may vary by position. Click here to review the benefits associated with this position.

Aetna takes our candidates's data privacy seriously. At no time will any Aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information (Social Security Number, Credit card information for direct deposit, etc.) from you via e-mail. Any requests for information will be discussed prior and will be conducted through a secure website provided by the recruiter. Should you be asked for such information, please notify us immediately.

58490 Here at Aetna, we are building a healthier world by making health care easy, affordable and all about you. Follow our LinkedIn page for c...
