Read what people are saying about working here. .

EY delivers unparalleled service in big data, business intelligence, and digital analytics built on a blend of custom-developed methods related to customer analytics, data visualization, and optimization. We leverage best practices and a high degree of business acumen that has been compiled over years of experience to ensure the highest level of execution and satisfaction for our clients. At EY, our methods are not tied to any specific platforms but rather arrived at by analyzing business needs and making sure that the solutions delivered meet all client goals.

The opportunity

You will help our clients navigate the complex world of modern data science and analytics. We’ll look to you to provide our clients with a unique business perspective on how data science and analytics can transform and improve their entire organization - starting with key business issues they face. This is a high growth, high visibility area with plenty of opportunities to enhance your skillset and build your career.

Your key responsibilities

You’ll spend most of your time working with a wide variety of clients to deliver the latest data science and big data technologies and practices to design, build and maintain scalable and robust solutions that unify, enrich and analyse data from multiple sources.

Skills and attributes for success

Applying data mining and statistical analysis techniques like hypothesis testing, segmentation and modelling to analyze large amounts of data

Helping our clients make data-driven decisions by working with structured and unstructured data sets, building out predictive models and advising our clients on data mining leading practices

Building and applying data analysis algorithms (data mining, statistics, machine learning, natural language processing, sentiment analysis, text mining, etc.) as appropriate

Designing, architecting and developing solutions leveraging big data technology (Open Source, Hortonworks, AWS or Microsoft) to ingest, process and analyze large, disparate data sets to exceed business requirements

Unifying, enriching and analyzing customer data to derive new insights and opportunities

Leveraging in-house data platforms as needed and recommending and building new data platforms/solutions as required to exceed business requirements

Clearly communicating findings, recommendations and opportunities to improve data systems and solutions

Demonstrating deep understanding of and ability to teach data science, concepts, tools, features, functions and benefits of different approaches to apply them

Seeking out information to learn about emerging methodologies and technologies

Clarifying problems by driving to understand the true issue

Looking for opportunities for improving methods and outcomes

Applying data driven approach (KPIs) in tying technology solutions to specific business outcomes

Collaborating, influencing and building consensus through constructive relationships and effective listening

Solving problems by incorporating data into decision making

To qualify for the role you must have

A bachelor's degree and approximately three years of related work experience; or a master's degree and approximately two years of related work experience

At least five years hands-on experience with data science, big data, and data engineering

Extensive experience connecting to various data sources and structures: APIs, NoSQL, RDBMS, Hadoop, S3, Blob Storage, etc.

Deep understanding of statistical modeling as well as ETL, data ingestion/cleansing and engineering skills

Ability to set up data and experimental platforms

R or SAS, Python, Java/C# and Scala

SQL, Hive, Pig are required

Machine learning using k-NN, naive bayes, decision trees, SVM experience required

Experience using data mining and statistical tools

Solid pattern recognition and predictive modelling skills

Recommendation engines, scoring systems, A/B testing

Must have worked with multiple tools/libraries such as Weka, NumPy, PyMongo, R, etc.

Thorough business understanding of data science application and ability to communicate with key decision-makers

Hands-on experience with various big data technologies in one or more ecosystems (Hadoop, AWS or Microsoft)

Communication is essential, must be able to listen and understand the question and develop and deliver clear insights.

Outstanding team player.

Independent and able to manage and prioritize workload.

Ability to quickly and positively adapt to change.

A valid driver’s license in the US; willingness and ability to travel to meet client needs.

Ideally, you’ll also have

Bachelor’s Degree or above in mathematics, information systems, statistics, computer science, or related disciplines

Experience with Azure Data Factory and AzureML a plus

What we look for

We’re interested in passionate leaders with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the Data Science and Big Data industry. If you have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve the full potential of their data, this role is for you.

What working at EY offers

We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer:

Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career

A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world

Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training

About EY

As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime.

Join us in building a better working world. Apply now.

EY, an equal employment opportunity employer (Females/Minorities/Protected Veterans/Disabled), values the diversity of our workforce and the knowledge of our people.

 EY is a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services. The insights and quality services we deliver help build trust...
