Read what people are saying about working here. Everytown for Gun Safety, the nation's largest gun violence prevention advocacy group, is seeking a Data Scientist. The Research Department studies how gun violence occurs in America and identifies the best policies and interventions to prevent and address it. In this role, the Data Scientist will need to understand and communicate about the various types of gun violence, who it impacts, and how it impacts different communities and populations differently. You must be committed to addressing gun violence in diverse communities around the country.

The Data Scientist will be the policy data lead for the organization, responsible for advanced data management, analysis, and visualization. The Data Scientist reports to the Principal Researcher.

We'll trust you to take on the following responsibilities:

Serve as the lead data analyst on the team, responsible for the accuracy and appropriate use of all calculations and findings

Conduct original analysis and identify new avenues for statistical analysis on gun violence prevention, policies, and interventions to support Everytown for Gun Safety advocacy and research products and campaigns

Analyze large datasets using various software packages (R, STATA, SPSS, SQL, Python, and/or others)

Oversee staff to obtain, organize, and update datasets of frequent reference (e.g., CDC fatal and nonfatal injury data; FBI Supplementary Homicide Report data; FBI background check data; and other federal-, state-, and city-level data related to gun violence prevention)

Optimize and ensure integrity of all databases managed across the organization

Lead efforts to identify new datasets and opportunities for original analysis, as well as their application across Departments

Direct and implement data visualization efforts and review all products from a data perspective

Serve as the subject matter expert on economic analysis of gun violence

Serve as a mentor to the team and identify training and development opportunities

Contribute to the publication of analytical reports, compelling advocacy materials, and other research-based products to support Everytown's legislative and outreach/advocacy goals

Clearly translate the implications of research findings (from Everytown original research and the work of scholars in the field) so that practitioners and policymakers can implement new laws effectively and enforce existing policies

The ideal candidate will have:

Advanced degree in a quantitative field or equivalent professional experience

5+ years applied experience in research, policy, and/or economics; economics experience preferred

Fluency with multiple research methods, both quantitative and qualitative, such as multivariate statistics, cluster analysis, survey research, regression analysis, classification modelling, hypothesis testing, and/or composite index creation

Experience working with large datasets using at least one software package (R, STATA, SPSS, SQL, Python, and/or others)

Significant data management and data visualization experience

Familiarity with government-generated data and information sources (city, state, and federal), e.g. U.S. Census data, preferred

Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate research findings to a broad range of audiences

The ability to work in a dynamic and fast paced environment with an open floor plan

Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.

Everytown for Gun Safety provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws.

Candidates who identify as members of historically underrepresented groups are highly encouraged to apply. A diverse workforce and open culture are at the heart of our organization and vital to our success. Everytown for Gun Safety is an American nonprofit organization which advocates for gun control.
