Read what people are saying about working here. 

About Uber

We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.

For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.

And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on autonomous trucking and self-driving cars, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.

We’re changing the way people think about transportation. Not that long ago we were just an app to request premium black cars in a few metropolitan areas. Now we’re a part of the logistical fabric of more than 600 cities around the world. Whether it’s a ride, a sandwich, or a package, we use technology to give people what they want, when they want it.

For the people who drive with Uber, our app represents a flexible new way to earn money. For cities, we help strengthen local economies, improve access to transportation, and make streets safer.

And that’s just what we’re doing today. We’re thinking about the future, too. With teams working on new modalities, self-driving cars and even urban air transportation, we’re in for the long haul. We’re reimagining how people and things move from one place to the next.

What You’ll Do

Conduct rigorous, careful statistical and econometric analysis in support of our research priorities

Manage relationships with our outside research partners to ensure research collaborations run smoothly

Collaborate with in-country policy teams to develop research that speaks to their local contexts

Develop deep cross-functional relationships with product, legal, and operations to ensure alignment between policy research and business strategy

Present results to business stakeholders and the academic and policy communities

What You’ll Need

Masters or PhD degree with (anticipated graduation in 2019) in Economics, Statistics, Math, Engineering, Computer Science, or another quantitative field

Minimum 1 year of quantitative research or data science experience

Strong data skills and experience with tools such as SQL, Python, and R to work efficiently at scale

Ability to work independently and execute a research plan with minimal oversight

Ability to organize and synthesize analyses and communicate data insights with clarity

About the Team

The Policy Economics team conducts rigorous research that places our business and driver-partners in the context of the economies in which Uber operates. Our mission is to help people both inside and outside Uber understand the unique nature of our independent work model and how it interacts with the wider world of work. For example: We know that the flexible work model is very valuable to Uber drivers (see Chen et al., Angrist et al.) and that dynamic pricing is vital in protecting the health and efficiency of the dispatch market (see Castillo et al., “Surge Pricing Solves the Wild Goose Chase”); however, it’s likely that consistency (e.g., of pricing or earnings) also carries some value for riders and drivers. What values should we put on these opposing virtues?

 At Uber, we ignite opportunity by setting the world in motion. We take on big problems to help drivers, riders, delivery partners, and ea...
