Read what people are saying about working here. This is an exciting full-time opportunity to work in a fast-paced environment with a team of passionate technologists. We take an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies. As a solution builder, you will be working to support the client’s mission and goals of building an enterprise analytics platform.

Build your career with us.

It is an extraordinary time to be in business. As digital transformation continues to accelerate, CGI is at the center of this change—supporting our clients’ digital journeys and offering our professionals exciting career opportunities.

At CGI, our success comes from the talent and commitment of our professionals. As one team, we share the challenges and rewards that come from growing our company, which reinforces our culture of ownership. All of our professionals benefit from the value we collectively create.

Be part of building one of the largest independent technology and business services firms in the world.

Learn more about CGI at www.cgi.com .

No unsolicited agency referrals please.

CGI is an equal opportunity employer.

Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, ethnicity, ancestry, color, sex, religion, creed, age, national origin, citizenship status, disability, medical condition, military and veteran status, marital status, sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, and gender expression, familial status, political affiliation, genetic information, or any other legally protected status or characteristics.

CGI provides reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with disabilities. If you need an accommodation to apply for a job in the U.S., please email the CGI U.S. Employment Compliance mailbox at US_Employment_Compliance@cgi.com . You will need to reference the requisition number of the position in which you are interested. Your message will be routed to the appropriate recruiter who will assist you. Please note, this email address is only to be used for those individuals who need an accommodation to apply for a job. Emails for any other reason or those that do not include a requisition number will not be returned .

We make it easy to translate military experience and skills! Click here to be directed to our site that is dedicated to veterans and transitioning service members.

All CGI offers of employment in the U.S. are contingent upon the ability to successfully complete a background investigation. Background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and/or level of US government security clearance held.

CGI will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with CGI’s legal duty to furnish information.

Your future duties and responsibilities

Demonstrate in-depth technical capabilities with the ability to support multiple work streams and drive assimilation of new techniques and solutions.

Evaluate data quality using SQL and data analysis techniques that improve client-reporting capabilities.

Follow technology trends within the Big Data road map and inform clients how this technology will benefit the future development platform.

Participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues.

Participate in full range of SDLC activities, including implementation and change management

Required qualifications to be successful in this role

Secret Clearance

2+ Years of experience

Requirement gathering experience

Testing Experience

 We are CGI. You may not have heard of us before, but we are one of the world’s largest IT companies and work on projects across a range o...
