It's fun to work in a company where people truly BELIEVE in what they are doing! 
We're committed to bringing passion and customer focus to the business.  
Cigna’s Global Data &amp; Analytics (GD&amp;A) unit offers solutions that provide actionable insights to internal and external business partners and customers that help reduce health costs, improve outcomes, provide financial security and measure and forecast business performance. The Global Data &amp; Analytics team has joint accountability with business operations to achieve Cigna’s customer-centric, business growth objectives and strives for high levels of alignment, day-to-day engagement and. The team provides analytical discipline and rigor to enable fact-based decisions for the business. 

 Overview:   
The successful Sr. Data Scientist will be a key contributor in the development of comprehensive data resources and advanced analytics supporting next generation hospital / facility / professional services reimbursement rate contracting.  As a part of the Data Science team, this person will help build an analytics foundation that will empower market leadership to design, monitor and optimize provider and facility contracts. 

 Responsibilities:   
Embed with agile project teams and participate within the agile scrum framework to deliver state of the art analytics, within state of the art software, designed to enable business partners to deliver lower total cost of care to clients and customers via improved hospital / facility / professional services reimbursement rate negotiations Work with business subject matter experts within agile experience group to gain knowledge of facility / provider reimbursement contracting, understand business objectives within the domain, and frame problems for analytics solutions, including identifying opportunities for application of machine learning approaches Survey internal and external data sources and contribute to central analytics ETL modules in python and HiveQL, perform exploratory data analysis, rules-based as well as advanced statistical modeling, including machine learning approaches. Data domains include but are not limited to claims experience, provider demographics, customer demographics, provider reimbursement contract, as well as clinical data 

 Qualfications:   
This position requires experience and/or theoretical expertise in one or more of the key areas of Data Science within the Health Insurance context: Computer Science, Statistical Analysis, and/or Health Insurance Domain knowledge. 
 
Advanced degree or equivalent experience in Statistics, Biostatistics, Econometrics, Economics, Actuarial Science, Computer Science or Data Science. 
Foundational education and work experience in a value-add subset of the following or similar subject areas: Mathematics, Statistics, Actuarial Science, Computer Science, Advanced Analytics, Machine Learning 
At least 5 years work experience in analytics/data science. 
Intermediate experience coding in SQL/Python or R. 
Knowledge of one or more areas of healthcare data (e.g., claims, eligibility, groupers, profiling, EMR) 
Experience with large datasets ETL and analytics in a value-add subset of the following or similar technologies: Teradata/Hadoop, Impala/Hive SQL, Python/PySpark, DataRobot 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills to allow for value-add working relationships with various matrix partners such as medical economics, contracting, engineering and agile leadership 
Ability to adapt and overcome obstacles and challenges in a dynamic work environment  
  Qualified applicants will be considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status.
If you require an accommodation based on your physical or mental disability please email: SeeYourself@cigna.com.  Do not email SeeYourself@cigna.com for an update on your application or to provide your resume as you will not receive a response.

       

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Bloomfield, CT 06002 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19003331-93333643
