Read what people are saying about working here. 

Discover. A more rewarding way to work.

At Discover Financial Services, you’ll find yourself in the company of some of the industry’s smartest and most reliable professionals. And at a company that rewards dedication, values innovation and supports growth.

Thrive in an environment that promotes teamwork and shared success. Build on a foundation of mutual respect. Join the company that understands rewarding careers like no other, with this exceptional opportunity:

Job Description:

At Discover, be part of a culture where diversity, teamwork and collaboration reign. Join a company that is just as employee-focused as it is on its customers and is consistently awarded for both. We’re all about people, and our employees are why Discover is a great place to work. Be the reason we help millions of consumers build a brighter financial future and achieve yours along the way with a rewarding career.

Responsible for applying machine learning and data science to develop quantitative capabilities for various needs across the organization. Explores new and innovative tools and technologies. Supports the organization’s transition to adoption of big data and cloud tools and technologies.

Responsibilities

Analyzes and mines large quantities of data to find patterns and insights. Utilizes open-source analytical stacks such as R, Python, Spark, etc.

Develops and implements quantitative solutions that leverage structured and unstructured data from internal and external sources.

Partners with technology teams to implement the quantitative solutions such as Hadoop, AWS, and Cloud-based ecosystems.

Explores new tools and techniques available and ensures the organization remains on the frontier of analytic capabilities

Utilizes machine learning and statistical algorithms to create data-driven solutions for various business applications.

Skills:

Minimum Qualifications

At a minimum, here’s what we need from you:

Ph.D. in Quantitative discipline (statistics, economics, engineering, computer science, or related field)

In lieu of a degree, 4+ years of experience in data science, including a Bachelor’s Degree

In lieu of a degree, 1+ years of experience in data science, including a Master’s Degree

Preferred Qualifications

If we had our say, we’d also look for:

1+ years of experience in prior data science internship in the industry

Discover Financial Services is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, among other things, or as a qualified individual with a disability.

 We are Discover. As one of the most recognized brands in U.S. financial services, we create solutions that connect people to commerce in ...
