Read what people are saying about working here. Do you bring a data-oriented and agile mindset to your work? Do you have a self-starter attitude that is constantly driving improvements without direction? Are you a curious individual who is always exploring information?

We are revolutionizing the analytics space in the Long Term Care Insurance industry via innovative technology, intuitive design, and creative thought leadership. We have repeatedly shown the value of the analytics team and continue to invest in our team.

Using the latest analytic tools and processes, we’re able to analyze our data to provide strategic insight leading to transformational change. To help carry us even further, we are seeking an Associate Data Analyst to join our expanding, problem-solving team, supporting our Long Term Care Claims Operations & Actuarial Functions. This individual will harness the power of data to better forecast trends, build dashboards that measure effectiveness/efficiency, provide cost benefit analysis and project impact all while getting to present findings/insights to the leadership team.

YOUR ROLE

Drive proactive analytics and reporting for Policy and Claims data

Form strong relationships with Leadership to develop deep context about the organization initiatives and help shape strategy through data

Conceptualize, create, iterate and maintain dashboards for tracking key metrics and driving business recommendations

Ensure the consistent application while refining and improving metrics as the company’s challenges and data evolves

YOUR QUALIFICTIONS

A bachelor’s degree in an analytical field of study such as Mathematics, Operations Research, Computer Science or Economics

Strong knowledge of how to manage and analyze structured and unstructured data using Microsoft Excel, SQL, and/or R and Python

At least one year of practical experience (professional or academic) applying statistical methods such as regression, logic, and researching (1-2 years professional experience preferred)

A highly analytical and curious mindset that can iteratively define relevant metrics and translate analytical insights to drive strategy, action and recommendations

The proven ability to anticipated concerns and problem solve always with the end solution in mind

Experience building clear and easy to understand dashboards and data visualizations (Spotfire experience preferred)

 Genworth Financial, Inc. (NYSE: GNW) is a leading Fortune 500® insurance holding company dedicated to helping people secure their financi...
