Read what people are saying about working here. 

Temporary, Internship

Cars.com's mission is to drive the future of automotive retail and data science and algorithms team plays a vital role in it. We use data to empower business decisions through actionable insights and help product teams improve the user experience through ML/AI algorithms and models.

We are looking for a summer data scientist intern who has knowledge of common machine learning algorithms, programming languages and tools and has passion for making an impact through creative storytelling.

On a Typical Day You Will:

--------------------------

Work closely with product team(s) to synthesize data into recommendations on how ml/ai driven products should evolve.

Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensional data from a variety of sources to understand consumer behaviour, identify value-generating patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trends.

Research and develop machine learning models.

Stay up-to-date with state of the art technology trends and apply advanced algorithms to improve user experience and/or increase marketplace efficiency.

Support all iterations of data driven product feature development from algorithm design, production implementation to experimentation and measurement.

Requirements:

-------------

Excellent problem solving and analytical skills.

BS/MS in statistics, econometrics, machine-learning, applied mathematics, computer-science or related quantitative field.

Strong programming skills in python/R/scala.

Experience with relational databases / SQL.

Preferred:

----------

Ability to present your work to executives and communicate with non-technical folks.

Ability to learn new ML algorithms by your own and take required courses online, if necessary.

We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
