Clinical Data Analyst / Data Scientist Summary: Signature Consultants is seeking a Clinical Data Analyst / Data Scientist for an opportunity in Jacksonville, FL. The Clinical Data Analyst is responsible for collecting, evaluating, and preparing research and/or other complex or significant and unique statistical data for a specific business need. This position is responsible for data reporting, converting customer requests into technical details, and ensuring deliverable commitments are met. He or she will work directly with clients and leadership at various levels within the organization and with outside parties to research and identify operational business requirements with sufficient detail and clarity to allow the development of the data or reporting solution needed. Responsibilities: Develop, maintain, and ensure quality control of databases and may assist in development and implementation of measurement Meet with customers, Product Support, Business Development or IT Development groups to determine the project requirements and negotiate timelines and deliverables Develop Ad-hoc, Standard, Dashboards, Scorecards, and other reports using Cognos Reporting Tool or SQL based reports Conceptualize, design and deliver new Clinical Data Analytics for internal and customer-facing business applications Perform complex data analysis across platforms using Entity Relationship Diagrams (ERDs) Assist with special projects as assigned to contribute to overall business goals. Projects could include ad hoc reporting, searches and reviews, program evaluation, quality initiatives, analysis, development, etc. Work with the ETL Architect to handle, clean, and merge data using ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load) standards and methodologies Ensure newly generated data is mapped to Data Mart, ODS, and/or Data Warehouse Identify problems and inaccuracies in databases. In collaboration with the Data Steward, assist in developing decision rules for handling data problems Apply rules consistently to correct data problems Develop and maintain protocols for how to handle, process, and clean data Work with Data Steward document how data problems were identified and corrected Support the work load and priorities of other Data Analysts which includes CR's, Team Track tickets and ad hoc requests as needed Develop and maintain the workflow processes for all reporting requests Support processes and standards that result from purchasing any third party tool. Best practice approaches and processes should be taken into consideration Qualifications: Bachelor's degree or the equivalent in work experience 2 - 4 years' experience developing reports (i.e. Ad-hoc, Standard, Dashboards, Scorecards, etc.) using Cognos Experience with HL7, X12, EMR and other clinical data Experience in Oracle production environment Experience using TOAD for Data Analysis and Reporting Experience with Cognos 8 Experience administrating Cognos Reporting Tool Experience with accounting processes and software (i.e. Peachtree) Experience with Apache Web server and Cocoon Experience working in an entrepreneurial company Mastery of SQL language Strong relationship management and collaboration skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to work with a minimal amount of direction while being pro-active in keeping their management informed of project related issues Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships Demonstrated ability to use discretion and make sound decisions Ability to work under pressure. Maintains composure and professionalism in an interrupt-driven environment. Must be able to multi-task Must be flexible and embrace change Knowledge of relational databases; design, structure, data associations, and query language Proficient with Microsoft Office software to include; Outlook, Word, Excel, and Access Excellent problem solving, organizational, and priority management skills ETL and Reporting Tools Such as Discoverer, Crystal Reports, or Business Objects/Data Integrator Knowledge of data modeling concepts Extensive knowledge of the health care/payer/insurance industry specifically claims processing systems, provider office operations, and customer service processes in a health care company About Signature Consultants, LLC Headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Signature Consultants was established in 1997 with a singular focus: to provide clients and consultants with superior staffing solutions. For the ninth consecutive year, Signature was voted as one of the "Best Staffing Firms to Work For" and is now the 15th largest IT staffing firm in the United States (source: Staffing Industry Analysts). With 27 locations throughout North America, Signature annually deploys thousands of consultants to support, run, and manage their clients' technology needs. Signature offers IT staffing, consulting, managed solutions, and direct placement services. For more information on the company, please visit www.sigconsult.com.
