Activision Blizzard Media is a rapidly growing business built to connect brands with our 350M + global player base across Activision, Blizzard and King.

We create premium, innovative advertising experiences for world-class casual mobile games like King's Candy Crush Saga. Looking ahead, we plan to launch advertising across the Activision Blizzard portfolio, including high growth areas like eSports. This is an exciting time to join this growing business.

Your role within ABM

Understand the business context behind our new products and establish the right metrics to answer our most critical business questions.

Design, execute, and interpret experiments run by the ads business to understand their impact on both monetization and player experience.

Partner closely with Product and Engineering teams to ensure that new product features are instrumented in such a way that we can answer the key business questions.

Provide guidance for the product roadmap based on the insights gleaned from having a deep understanding of our products and their data.

Collaborate with other disciplines to find hidden insights about our business.

Share your insights in a manner that compels leadership to take action

Enable stakeholders to explore data in a timely and efficient way so we can continue to unearth new insights.

Skills to create thrills

Understanding of the statistical concepts associated with experimentation and A/B testing.

Familiarity with building pipelines in SQL and experience with a common data science language such as Python or R so that you can automate away the repetitive stuff.

Willingness to take initiative and learn new concepts and technologies - we don’t expect you to have experience with everything but having the ability to quickly grasp something new is vital.

Experience creating data visualizations with tools such as Tableau, Looker, or Superset and bonus points for experience with programmatic tools for visualization such as Plotly so that we can make our insights digestible.

Understanding the basics of how software is built.. You don’t need to be an engineer, but you’re comfortable talking about how we could track new features.

Ability to deal with ambiguity so that you identify and solve the right problems.

Ability to articulate your findings in a clear and compelling manner to technical and non-technical audiences so that your work changes the trajectory of our business.

Bonus points

Experience in the ads or gaming space.

Familiarity with cloud platforms such as GCP or AWS.

Understanding of source control tools such as git.

Experience with ML techniques, predictive modeling, or causal statistics.

About Activision and Our Family of Brands

King is a leading interactive entertainment company for the mobile world, with people all around the world playing one (or more!) of our games. We have developed more than 200 fun titles and offer games in over 200 countries and regions. King has game studios in Barcelona, Berlin, Bucharest, London, Malmö, and Stockholm along with offices in San Francisco, Chicago, LA, Malta, New York, and Tokyo. King is an independent unit of Activision Blizzard Inc. (Nasdaq: ATVI) which acquired King in February 2016.

Activision Blizzard is a member of the Fortune 500 and S&P 500, and the world's most successful standalone interactive entertainment company.

We delight hundreds of millions of monthly active users around the world every day through franchises including Activision's Call of Duty®, Destiny and Skylanders®, Blizzard Entertainment's World of Warcraft®, Overwatch®, Hearthstone®, Diablo®, StarCraft®, and Heroes of the Storm®, and King's Candy Crush™, Pet Rescue™, Bubble Witch™ and Farm Heroes™.

We’ve been one of Fortune’s "100 Best Companies To Work For®" for the last four years. Headquartered in Santa Monica, California, we have operations throughout the world, and our games are played in 196 countries.

More information about our company and products can be found on our website, www.activisionblizzard.com.

Want to join our Kingdom?

Application needs to be in English.

 Creating games for the mobile world is just as fun as it sounds. With passion, creativity and drive we created hits such as Candy Crush, ...
