Read what people are saying about working here. 

Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. We're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand.

That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace.

The world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House... I Will. Our goal is to Build A Great Team!

WILL YOU…PROTECT THIS HOUSE?!

No matter what goals today’s athlete has, the Connected Fitness business unit provides the technology needed to help them train, perform, and improve. All they need to bring is the WILL. MapMyFitness, Endomondo, MyFitnessPal and Under Armour have teamed up to create Under Armour Connected Fitness, a business unit dedicated to providing the technology needed to train, perform and improve. Aimed at transforming fitness and performance, Under Armour is committed to leveraging new and emerging digital technologies to create unmatched consumer and member experiences, both online and in our stores.

We are looking for a skilled and motivated data scientist who is passionate about solving real-world data science problems and implementing solutions with the highest quality. We encourage creative solutions and strive to maintain rigorous scientific and engineering standards. You will be working closely with product managers and business stakeholders to formulate and shape the machine learning products. You will drive the development of model building pipeline, feature generation, feature selection and model tuning.

REQUIREMENTS:

Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative disciplines with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithms

Proficiency in one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems.

Ability to design and implement machine learning solutions for real-world problems

In-depth knowledge of Statistics, Mathematics and Machine learning with demonstrated professional experience

Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise

Resourceful, flexible, and adaptable team player

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Drive cross-functional data science projects from beginning to end: from idealization and problem formulation to technology development, and working with other stakeholders for implementation

Work with product and design teams to plan how to shape the product and communicate data insights to non-experts

Lead and mentor junior data scientists and grow as a team leader.

Identifies languages and tools that can bring efficiencies or needed techniques to the team.

Provide insights to the leadership team on impact of strategic initiatives on key metrics and help them track progress towards goals

Coach and mentor others on best practices for data-driven decision-making

Present your research and insights to all levels of the company, clearly and concisely.

At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.

 Under Armour (NYSE: UA) is a leading developer, marketer and distributor of branded performance products for men, women and youth. As of ...
