Read what people are saying about working here. 

Under Armour is the chosen brand of this generation of athletes... and the athletes of tomorrow. We're about performance - in training and on game day, in blistering heat and bitter cold. Whatever the conditions, whatever the sport, Under Armour delivers the advantage athletes have come to demand.

That demand has created an environment of growth. An environment where building a great team is vital. An environment where doing whatever it takes is the baseline and going above and beyond to protect the Brand is commonplace.

The world's hungriest athletes live by a code, a pledge to themselves and everyone else: Protect This House... I Will. Our goal is to Build A Great Team!

WILL YOU…PROTECT THIS HOUSE?!

No matter what goals today’s athlete has, the Connected Fitness business unit provides the technology needed to help them train, perform, and improve. All they need to bring is the WILL. MapMyFitness, Endomondo, MyFitnessPal and Under Armour have teamed up to create Under Armour Connected Fitness, a business unit dedicated to providing the technology needed to train, perform and improve. Aimed at transforming fitness and performance, Under Armour is committed to leveraging new and emerging digital technologies to create unmatched consumer and member experiences, both online and in our stores.

We are looking for a senior Data Scientist to join our team. You will get opportunities to translate real world problems into quantitative language, find or create algorithms to solve those problems, and implement them in code. We encourage creative solutions and strive to maintain rigorous scientific and engineering standards. You will be working on full data science pipeline, bringing solutions from research to production.

REQUIREMENTS:

MS/Ph.D. in Computer Science, Applied Mathematics or other quantitative disciplines with a focus on statistical modeling, artificial intelligence, and mathematical algorithms

Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, text understanding, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.

3-5 years of industry experience with machine learning

Ability to apply data science to real-world problems, capable of breaking down complex problems into key components where data science and AI can be utilized

Resourceful, flexible, and adaptable team player

In-depth knowledge of Statistics/Probability/Machine learning

Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise

Strong written and verbal communication skills

Passion for problem solving

Responsibilities

Analyze various data sets and build sophisticated machine learning models

Design and optimize algorithms to achieve the best solutions

Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis

Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers

Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends

Help build us next generation data science solutions

At Under Armour, we are committed to providing an environment of mutual respect where equal employment opportunities are available to all applicants and teammates without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy (including childbirth, lactation and related medical conditions), national origin, age, physical and mental disability, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, genetic information (including characteristics and testing), military and veteran status, and any other characteristic protected by applicable law. Under Armour believes that diversity and inclusion among our teammates is critical to our success as a global company, and we seek to recruit, develop and retain the most talented people from a diverse candidate pool.

 Under Armour (NYSE: UA) is a leading developer, marketer and distributor of branded performance products for men, women and youth. As of ...
