Data Scientist - Big Data Hadoop ­- 50 % Travel Position: Data Scientist Rate : $ 80-90/hr Type: Contract (possible contract to hire) Length: 6-9 Months I am working with an Partner in need of a Data Scientist in the Austin area to work hand and hand with their top client in the health care field. You will have the opportunity to utilize your complete skillset to implement full end-to-end Data Science solutions while managing projects for the client. This role gives you the possibility of 50% travel to the clients on site location. Responsibilities: Implement end-to-end Data Science solutions Scalable data infrastructure needed for projects Manage projects for clients in different industries dealing with various types of challenging data Improve solutions and develop documentation Help clients gain a competitive advantage by implementing information management and analytics solutions which provide them with business insights which enable them to optimize their operational performance Qualifications: Statistical Modeling experience Real world experience with statistical analytic tools Big Data and Hadoop experience Using analytics to drive key success metrics to increase revenue Solve business problems with data analysis ETL/SSIS expertise. Designing and building complete processes moving and transforming data Azure ML algorithms understanding Knowledge of R and Python Bachelor's degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Science, or related field If you want to fast track your application or if you know anyone interested in this position, please contact me and send your resume at s.o'connor@jeffersonfrank.com Jefferson Frank is a leader in Niche IT Recruitment with a focus on cloud technologies including AWS and Azure, as well as Big Data, Data Science and BI. We deal with both Microsoft Partners, AWS partners & End Users throughout North America. We have open positions and relationships with some of the top partners and end users throughout the US and offer some excellent opportunities in the AWS space. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any AWS candidates considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of the utmost importance. For more information on available AWS jobs, as well as the AWS market, I can be contacted at s.o'connor@jeffersonfrank.com. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more information. Azure / Science/ Machine Learning/ Big Data / Hadoop / Austin, TX / Cloud Big Data / Houston / Python / Java / Kubernetes / Kafka / Spark / ETL
