Ecolab’s energy division is seeking a business focused Data Scientist to unlock the value in data assets while creating new and unique offerings for customers in the energy market. In this role, you will work with the business innovation teams, marketing, sales and customers along with expertise from Ecolab’s Center for Advanced Analytics, to help develop the data strategy and advanced analytics pipeline for the energy business.  What you will do: Actively engage with internal business teams to understand energy challenges and deliver robust, data driven solutions. Work alongside global counterparts to solve data-intensive problems using standard analytical frameworks and tools. Be encouraged and expected to innovate and be creative in your data analysis, problem solving and presentation of solutions. Network and collaborate with a broad range of internal business units to define and deliver joint solutions. Work alongside energy customers to leverage cutting edge technology (machine learning, streaming analytics and ‘real’ big data) to creatively solve problems and disrupt existing business models. In this role, we are looking for: A problem-solving mindset with the ability to understand business challenges and how to apply your analytics expertise to solve them. The unique person who can present complex mathematical solutions in a simple manner that most will understand including customers. An individual excited by innovation and new technology and eager to finds ways to employ these innovations in practice. A team mentality, empowered by the ability to work with a diverse set of individuals. Minimum Qualifications: A Bachelor’s degree in Data Science, Math, Statistics, Computer Science or related field with an emphasis on analytics. 6+ Years professional experience in a data scientist/analyst role Proficiency in your statistics/analytics/visualization tool of choice, but preferably in the Microsoft Azure Suite, including Azure ML Studio and PowerBI as well as Python and SQL. Preferred Qualifications Excellent communication, organizational transformation, and leadership skills Demonstrated excellence in Data Science, Business Analytics and Engineering EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
