Data Scientist   
  Interactive Health   is looking for people who share our passion for health and are committed to making a difference for our clients. We are a growing company and are always looking for candidates to join our fun, health-focused, high performing team. We’re making things happen every day.  

 We’re passionate about our work, proud to be the nation’s largest provider of employer-sponsored wellness programs, and ready to hit the ground running.  

 We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against applicants due to race, ethnicity, gender, veteran status, or on the basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class.  

  SUMMARY   

 The Data Scientist plays a critical role in the organization to transform the raw member/client data into analysis and insights that will help advance the results-oriented wellness program offered to our members and clients. The Data Scientist will partner with the Data Science team in addition to IT, Product Development, Clinical Services, Client Relations, and Executive Leadership to deliver strategic, defensible recommendations based on internal/external datasets, clinical best-practices, sound statistical methods, and client/market considerations.  

  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES   

 Important responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  
 

 Analyze business requirements and translate them into technical objectives.  

 Query data sources for use in models, reports, analysis, and business decisions.  

 Utilize appropriate statistical and analytic methods to achieve business and clinical insights.  

 Communicate findings and insights in an audience appropriate format.  

 Advise on infrastructure and technology decisions to reduce risk and increase effectiveness of the data science department.  

 Maintain open and clear communication with IT, product team, and data science business analysts and technical team members to effectively specify project scopes, manage issues and communicate timelines and project status.  

 Periodic local and/or national travel as required.  

 Example objectives  
 

 Evaluate existing and proposed products to determine value proposition offered at both individual and employer levels  

 Develop and evaluate personalization strategies for future Interactive Health products, solutions, and services.  
 
 

  REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES   
 

 Ability to lead, collaborate, and support interdisciplinary teams.  

 Ability to apply logic and reason, creatively problem solve.  

 Ability to manage, prioritize tasks and timelines.  

 Analyze unstructured objectives and propose solutions.  

 Excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills; ability to communicate effectively with internal and external customers.  

 Prior experience operationalizing advanced, scalable analytic solutions  

 Advanced experience with TSQL database environment  

 Advanced experience with reporting and business intelligence software (Tableau or Microsoft Power BI preferred)  

 Advanced experience of data science methods (segmentation, recommendation engines, temporal analysis, AI/ML, data mining, A/B testing, classical statistics)  

 Strong knowledge of traditional statistical methods  

 Proven experience applying statistical methods in an unstructured and non-academic setting.  

 Advanced experience with several database or analytical tools such as relational SQL, distributed SQL, python, R, JavaScript, spark, hive, storm, or related  

 Experience with health-related data and sources preferred but not required  

 MS, BS, or BA in a quantitative related field and five (5) years of relevant experience  
 

    

     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Chicago, IL 60607 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         12 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         672767
