Wayfair believes everyone should live in a home they love. Through technology and innovation, Wayfair makes it possible for customers to quickly and easily find exactly what they want from furnishings, décor, home improvement, housewares and more.
We are always looking for imaginative, analytical, and adaptable people to join our home team. You'll find a dynamic atmosphere where learning and growth opportunities are abundant, and hard work and results are rewarded. We're a diverse community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. Every voice, every perspective matters. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer.
At Wayfair, you can explore your potential outside of the classroom and take the lead on high-impact projects. You'll find autonomy, mentorship, and development opportunities in an open and collaborative environment. If you're looking for a challenging and fulfilling career, make yourself at home.
Wayfair generated $5.7 billion in net revenue for the twelve months ended June 30, 2018. Headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with operations throughout North America and Europe, the company employs more than 9,700 people.

  THE OPPORTUNITY  
Wayfair is seeking energetic, curious and action-oriented Undergraduate, Master's, and PhD students with an interest in a career in Data Science. Our current team members have a diverse skill sets across economics, quantitative sciences, math and engineering. They are dedicated to solving some of the most analytically challenging problems here at Wayfair.
Wayfair hires Data Scientists into two core business areas. Team placement is determined through the application and interview process and is dependent on a combination of interest, skills and experience, and growth potential.  When applying, please indicate your top choices for area of interest (in order of preference). If we notice a stronger alignment for a team other than those indicated in the application, we will also consider you for that opportunity. 
No matter the track that you take you will have the opportunity to play a critical role in the company while also operating with a high level of executive visibility. Each division is focused on creating strategic solutions that steer customer behavior, influence key decision making and quantify our impact within the e-commerce space. Our diverse and fun teams enjoy an environment of strong ownership and quick feedback from building, experimenting and iterating on high-impact work.
 Functional areas and potential team placements include: 
 
  MACHINE LEARNING SCIENTIST  
As a Machine Learning Scientist you will work in one of the following areas:
 Personalization  builds sophisticated platforms designed to personalize customer experience to millions of unique shoppers across site and email. This includes working on different types of recommendations engines, as well as algorithms that machine-learn complex shopping behavior. The goal is to be intelligent and automated in making the experience more relevant for every user.
 Marketing  builds the framework and algorithms that help guide Wayfair's $250M+ annual marketing investment. The work touches all marketing channels (TV, catalog and digital) and aims to improve our ability to measure marketing impact, improve our customer targeting and optimize our investments across millions of marketing campaigns.
 Operations  builds data-driven solutions to support Wayfair operations teams, including Merchandising Operations, B2B, Supplier Performance, and Customer Service. The big goals are to enhance Wayfair's behind-the-scenes operational capabilities through rigorous use of algorithms and analysis.
  ALGORITHMS  
The Algorithms group is a group of data scientists who design centralized systems to operate key business levers in e-commerce. These include global strategic management of dynamic pricing and sort recommendation algorithms, which are responsible for controlling the levels of consideration and exposure over millions of products worldwide. Day-to-day, Algorithms collaborates closely with business stakeholders to formulate these problems and mine terabytes of data to unearth deep insights that anchor the principles behind our solutions.
As the largest and fastest growing e-commerce technology company in the home space, Wayfair interacts with a large volume of product data, user data and order data. This makes predictive analytics solutions critical to managing prices and providing core business solutions. The Algorithms Unit develops solutions that affect billions of dollars in revenue and has end-to-end responsibilities for projects. These include data exploration, model selection, optimizing fit, running machine learning algorithms at scale and iterating with experiments for long-term improvement.
 Responsibilities: 
 
Partner closely with business leads in Marketing, Product, or Operations to plan out valuable data science projects 
Work in complex data systems and wrangle data from multiple sources including sales, customer, and clickstream databases 
Conduct analysis and build models to uncover key learnings from data, leading to appropriate strategy recommendations 
Serve as an algorithm and engineering lead to build advanced quantitative solutions into our overall technical platform 
Work alongside business stakeholders to apply our findings and developments and continually improve the Wayfair customer experience   Qualifications: 
 
2+ years of experience in a quantitative or technical work environment or  advanced degree (PhD)  in quantitative field (e.g. mathematics, economics, computer science, physics, neuroscience, operations research etc.) 
Intuitive sense of how quantitative and technical work aligns closely with business priorities and business value 
Ability to effectively work with business leads: strong communication skills, ability to synthesize conclusions for non-experts and desire to influence business decisions 
High comfort level with programming, e.g. languages such as SQL, Python, R, Scala, Java, C++, C#, PHP, etc 
Knowledge of quantitative methods - statistics, machine learning, general data analysis 
Intense intellectual curiosity - strong desire to always be learning 
Analytical, creative, and innovative approach to solving open-ended problems 
Highly collaborative, team-player attitude  
 
  About Us: 
 
 Wayfair is one of the world's largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we're reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Wayfair will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you're looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you'll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking.
 
 No matter who you are, Wayfair is a place you can call home. We're a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Wayfair - and world - for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That's why we're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.
 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago
