Read what people are saying about working here. 

Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., located in the North San Diego County city of Carlsbad, was founded in 1989 to create advanced, novel medicines to treat diseases with an unmet medical need. We are the pioneer and leader in the discovery and development of antisense drugs. By exploiting various cutting-edge RNA targeting technologies, we are capable of specifically and efficiently targeting any gene of interest, including ones which are not targetable by small molecules or antibodies. We currently have three approved drugs, and a robust pipeline of over 30 drugs in various stages of clinical trials.

Ionis is a challenging, motivating and rewarding environment designed to foster innovation and scientific excellence. Our success is a direct result of our outstanding employees. We are interested in bringing together individuals with different skill sets into this creative environment to be part of a productive team. Join us and experience our unique culture while you develop and expand your career.

CLINICAL DATA SCIENTIST & ANALYST

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Perform clinical data analytics and modeling to support production of clinical development presentations and publications

Work as part of a cross-functional R&D team to deliver analytical and statistical solutions to mine, explore, represent and interpret data from drug discovery to clinical trials

Utilize predictive modeling, machine learning, and statistical analysis to advance drug development

Develop, code, deploy and enable data analysis tools and methods for scientists and project leads in drug development

QUALIFICATIONS:

Master’s degree, PharmD or PhD with minimum 3 years of experience in the pharmaceutical/biotech industry

Understanding of drug development, clinical research, biostatistics, pharmaceutical science, systems biology, and a general aptitude and the tacit know-how to leverage modern data science tools and techniques.

Demonstrated knowledge, experience and proficiency in handling complex multi-dimensional datasets and applying analytical and statistical methods to mine, assess, and report on complex clinical datasets

Excellent organization skills and strong verbal and written communication skills with high proficiency in Microsoft Office products, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and SharePoint

Ability to work in a cross-functional team environment and on multiple projects

Prior record of collegiate and productive teamwork with statisticians, programmers, research scientists, clinical development scientists and other stakeholders in general

Prior experience with communications to vendors, consultants and/or industry partners

Excellent salary and benefits package offered.

Please visit our website, www.ionispharma.com, for more information about Ionis and to apply for this position; reference requisition # 19-0038

NO PHONE CALLS PLEASE. PRINCIPALS ONLY.

Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and all its subsidiaries are proud to be EEO employers

 Akcea Therapeutics, Inc, is a development and commercialization company focused on impacting the lives of patients with serious cardiomet...
