Read what people are saying about working here. 

Position Description

Scale Up machine learning Algorithms in Cloud with optimal resource management like computes/storage etc using native vs open source tools

Experiences with at least one main stream machine learning frameworks, including caffe, convNet, Tensor Flow, Torch, Theano etc.

Experience in at least one of the following RNN applications NLP, LSTM models, BILSTM, GANS, Reinforcement learning.

Good understanding and deduction capability with latest machine learning algorithms,including latest DNN models, reinforcement learning, traditional machine learning algorithms (SVM, Random forest, clustering algorithms etc) and time series datasets.

Hands on Experience with GCP/AWS Cloud ( Dataflow, Dataproc, ML Engine, Datalabs, Kubeflows)

Good understanding of Optimization algorithms

Strong CS fundamentals in algorithms, data structures.

Experience with Big Data processing (Bigquery / Hive/ Hadoop/ HDFS/ Spark/ Flink/ Beam fundamentals)

Experience with Productionize the developed Machine Learning workloads

Good knowledge and experience with Java/Scala/Python

Strong grasp of principles and approaches used in Data-driven systems, processes and algorithms

Scripting skills in at least one of the following: Shell, Perl, Python, Bash, or Ruby

Experience with Performance Engineering including testing, tuning and monitoring tools.

Basic Familiarity with continuous integration tools and frameworks like Travis CI, Jenkins, etc.

Minimum Qualifications

Bachelor of Science and 5 years experience in software engineering OR Master of Science

Additional Preferred Qualifications

1 year s experience designing technical solutions in response to customer requests or changes in retail business.

2 years experience designing, leading, and implementing technology projects.

2 years experience in production support, including problem identification, ticket documentation, and customer and vendor relations.

2 years experience troubleshooting network infrastructure problems.

Company Summary

The Walmart eCommerce team is rapidly innovating to evolve and define the future state of shopping. As the world’s largest retailer, we are on a mission to help people save money and live better. With the help of some of the brightest minds in technology, merchandising, marketing, supply chain, talent and more, we are reimagining the intersection of digital and physical shopping to help achieve that mission.

Position Summary

Scale Up machine learning Algorithms in Cloud with optimal resource management like computes/storage etc using native vs open source tools
 Think you know Walmart? Think again. Our top-notch, integrated team is changing the way the world shops and harvesting exciting career-ca...
