$80,000 - $120,000 a year

Temporary, Contract

We are looking for a Data Scientist to deliver advanced analytics. This role is focused on Advanced Analytics, Artificial Intelligence & data science delivery for Cognitive Services across all our client's business functions. Data Scientist will partner with numerous business teams to collaborate, test hypothesis, build proof of concepts and turn data into actionable insights, driving ROI for our client through identification of value drivers. This role will drive adoption of emerging advanced analytics tools, IOT, methods to deliver Cognitive Intelligence/Analytics services. The Data Scientist is a knowledgeable team player, ability to collaborate with partners, passionate about data engineering, optimizing analytics, Machine learning, Artificial Intelligence sharing knowledge with extended community. The Data Scientist will support the analytics vision enabling Business partners to adopt data science, machine learning to create value for our internal clients and our external customers. In addition, this role will work closely with Machine Learning Engineers to create AI driven products.

Core Competencies: 

Requires competency in customer focus, collaboration, innovation, strategic thinking, relationship building & influencing, inspirational leadership.

Responsibilities: 

Data Exploration: studying new data sources and finding Insights and correlation on how it can be used in the day to day business needs. It also involves providing suggestion on how to utilize the data and how to correlate with different data sources.

Proof of Concept and Prototyping: performing proof of concept with a sample set of data. Once a proof of concept is successful, use learnings to drive consensus for larger project.

Business & Data Analytics: studying the available data, performing machine learning algorithms and post processing, to come up with meaningful insights for identification of value drivers to improve business offering. By using customer sat scores, customer activities, digital footprint analysis, social & media analysis.

Data Science & Statistical Modeling: This involves extracting and cleansing data from multiple sources, In-depth analysis and data visualization using SQL, R, Python, Spark, etc. (not exhaustive) to answer business questions, accurate data and findings per the agreed upon metric definitions, including SQL & relational data models along with basic data load capabilities.

Analyzes an organization's big data to discover actionable trends that lead to business results. Look at what questions business people need to ask to remain competitive. Understand organization data.

Ability to correctly frame a problem and come up with a hypothesis

Ability to recognize appropriate analytics technique to use for the data and business problem

Build and diagnose models and interpret analytic insights for business users

Generates highly novel ideas (theoretical or experimental) in a specific engineering or scientific discipline and/or invents/designs complex products and/or processes.

May be involved in engineering these ideas to an advanced state of feasibility by evaluating ideas and plans and participating in their implementation.

Disseminates the results of such activities internally and externally, through publications, patent disclosures, seminar participation, internal documentation, etc. Represents our client at professional meetings, in professional societies and universities.

Functions as an internal consultant in the areas of professional expertise.

Direct technically, and/or manage, within the broad mission of the group, activities of other research staff members and technical support persons.

Cognitive services: 

Democratize AI by deploying AI Solutions easily for common business scenarios

Leverage Powerful prebuilt AI models exposed as API services Simple REST APIs with .NET, Java, Python, Node SDKs

Train in the cloud and deploy anywhere model

Text Analytics and NLP services to the broader our client functional areas

Innovation: Contributes designs to implement new ideas improving existing or new system/process/service directly supporting Business value drivers. Understands and can apply new industry perspectives to our existing business model. Seeks opportunities to improve models, processes or product by reducing cost and improving efficiency.

Technology Strategy: Contributes to new and existing technology options that support business goals. Evaluates technologies and proposes technology position for the company.

Qualifications: 

Experience in Data Science & Statistics/Mathematics or related field

Strong proficiency in Machine Learning, Scripting, and Statistical & Reporting tools (Python, R, SAS, SQL, etc.).

Thorough knowledge of TensorFlow, Keras, Deep Learning & Neural Networks and their applicability. Strong experience working on Cloud (AWS, Azure.) based analytics platform.

Willingness to extend beyond core data science work to perform -data wrangling, data prep and data transfers, occasionally

Focus: Able to communicate goals in support of the business' mission. Ability to define a work scope, plan of action independently, but aligned to organization goals

Drive: Self-motivated and able to work well under pressure. Consistently invest in driving adoption of advanced analytics.

Teamwork: Ability and desire to work cooperatively with others. Develop, maintain, and strengthen partnerships that can provide information, assistance, and support.

Communication: The ability to ensure that information is passed on to others who should be kept informed. Express self, clearly in conversations and interactions with others. Excellent business and technical writing skills, with ability to present to audiences of differing experiences

Customer Focus: demonstrate empathy, concern and meet customers' needs with context to their challenge/opportunity

Analytical: tackle a problem by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach.

Technical Expertise: The ability to demonstrate depth of knowledge and skill in a technical area.

Forward Thinking: The ability to anticipate the implications and consequences of situations and take appropriate action to be prepared for possible contingencies.

Influencing Others: The ability to gain others' support for ideas, proposals, projects, and solutions.

Two years of experience in the telecom industry for basic understanding of network KPIs Computer programming background in addition to the Data science skills (Desired)

Education: Bachelor's degree in Engineering or Computer Science or Statistics or related field (Minimum Required)

Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract

Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year

Education:

Bachelor's (Required)

Location:

Bellevue, WA (Preferred)

Work authorization:

United States (Preferred)

Benefits offered:

Health insurance

Dental insurance

Paid time off

Education assistance or tuition reimbursement

Commuting/travel assistance

Workplace perks such as food/coffee and flexible work schedules

Others

Contract Length:

More than 1 year

Employment Length:

Varies
