Read what people are saying about working here. Join Us as We Make Possibilities Happen

Every action we take as 1ACI redefines what’s possible. As Innovators, we Envision possibilities. As Developers, we Build possibilities. As Leaders, we Empower possibilities.

At ACI, we’re not just driving payments at the speed of change.

We’re Making Possibilities Happen.

Our people are the core of our business. Our 1ACI team represents a globally diverse, passionate and dedicated group of thousands of individuals around the world who share a common commitment to making our customers successful by driving the future of payments. As a Director Data Scientist in Providence, Rhode Island you can help make possibilities happen.

Summary:

ACI Worldwide is known for being a leading provider of world class payment solutions. In addition, we are one of the world’s leading providers of fraud solutions. We fundamentally want to change the way we deliver data science services and predictive analytics to our customers. Never before has so much capability been made available to build data science services. Whether it be in the form of programming languages such as R and Python, Machine Learning/Deep Learning capabilities or pipeline tools (Tensor flow, H2O and Jupyter).

ACI is looking for a dynamic Director who will provide strategic leadership to our team of highly talented data scientists and engineers. The data science function will enable its capabilities through ACI’s On Premise and Cloud based delivery models. Initially, the focus of the predictive analytics will be fraud, but will expand into other payments related intelligence/initiatives. Our focus is building creative and highly analytical solutions that have a measurable impact on our business and customers.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for delivering on the Data Science Plan of Record (PoR)

Understanding of the modeling environment including Knowledge of Python and R, Open Source Tools such as H2O, Tensorflow and Jupyter

Understand how the Public Cloud can be used in Model Development

Understand DevOps and its role in Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery (CI/CD)

The role has both a Tactical and Strategic view as follows:

Tactical includes delivery of current Plan of Record (6 Quarter Rolling Average) including delivery of custom models

Strategic elements include the following

Transform the Data Science Team to an Agile Development Methodology

Deliver Automated Daily Models

Embark on Self Learning Model Development

Collaboration with the Chief Architecture Office to align Data Science with Fraud and Big Data Platforms; understand containerization and Micro Services

Ability to articulate complex data insights in succinct business terms and communicate effectively

Proven team player and a natural leader capability

Ability to work in a global faced paced environment

Understand and Adhere to all Corporate Policies to include but not limited to ACI Code of Ethics and Global Information Security.

Minimum Requirements:

10-15 years of related work experience

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering Applied Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or equivalent.

Master’s Degree Preferred.

Experience managing and leading data scientists

Knowledge of Statistical and Predictive modeling techniques and related technologies

Strong knowledge of Machine Learning/Statistical Modeling & Analysis

Benefits: In return for your expertise, we offer growth, opportunity, and a competitive compensation and benefits package in a casual work environment.

Are you ready to help us transform the world of electronic payments? To learn more about ACI Worldwide, visit our web site at www.aciworldwide.com. ACI Worldwide helps money go mobile. The company develops e-payment and electronic funds transfer (EFT) software for companies around the...
