*No sponsorship available. No corp-to-corp. No c2c.* Data Scientist: * Analytics Architecture Analyst, developing analytics methods to optimize IT processes and support IT decisions * This position requires in-depth knowledge in one or two areas, in addition to broad data science or analytics implementation * Responsible for requirements collection, design and development of analytics dashboards * Responsible for delivering analytics assessments and practices to the Business Owner and developing a robust maintenance process for the solution * Responsible for ensuring alignment of the information solution with existing IT and Enterprise Architecture strategies * Responsible for developing logic for landing, blending and transforming data as needed . Skills Required: * An ability to decompose business challenges to a data analysis strategy * Analytics Visualizations, statistical analysis for Hindsight, Insight, Foresight * Analytics tools (QlikView, Alteryx, Python, R, for example) * Experience and understanding of IT and portfolio management * Information, data, and/or process modeling * Business and data analysis, math and statistics * Advanced MS Excel * Customer interface and communication skills Experience Preferred: Nice to Have Skills: * Hadoop, SPARC, Sqoop, Oozie, Pig, Java, ETL Tools * Enterprise Architecture, Dashboards, IT Asset Management * IT application and technology databases * Ability to develop operating definitions and data blending strategies * Advanced studies in statistics, math or engineering Education Required: Math, engineering, analytics, computer engineering, and/or IT About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
