Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

Rally Health is all about putting health in the hands of the individual. It's our mission, and it drives everything we do, which is to empower people with easy-to-use online and mobile tools that help them take charge of their health and health care, from improving their diet and fitness to selecting health benefits, and choosing the right doctor at the right price for their needs.

Our culture is built on a deep and sincere commitment to helping people live healthier lives. To do this, we are committed to innovating at every level. As our president and COO David Ko says, "We are a company that continuously innovates. It cannot end. It has to be in everything we do, which means that some of the things we're going to do are not going to work – and that's okay. We're not trying to build something that is churn and burn. We're building something that follows consumers over their lifetime."

Responsibilities:

Work with product teams to investigate user behavior and develop data strategies (e.g., personalized recommendations) to improve product performance and ultimately health outcomes

Leveraging data to measure and improve our offerings through metric development and instrumentation, data investigations, designing and interpreting experiments, exploratory research, and impact evaluation

Proactively identify opportunities and solve challenging business problems with a variety of data tools in a fast-paced, collaborative environment

Use predictive analytics and classical modeling techniques for statistical inference and creation of data insights

Work in a variety of data environments, e.g., Hadoop HDFS, SQL, Mongo, etc.

Focus on quality and process to ensure the integrity of our analytic output

Qualifications:

Pursuing a Bachelors or Masters degree, or equivalent practical experience, in a data science program or technical analytics

Experience driving analytic projects and investigations to produce measurable results

Familiarity with data-driven product development (A/B testing, time series analysis, propensity modeling, etc.); you tailor your approach to the problem rather than trying to apply the same techniques everywhere

Familiarity solving business challenges with data using scripting languages (such as Python or R) and SQL

Experience in a big data environments, like Hadoop or Spark, is a plus

Why join Rally? On top of an innovative work atmosphere and a chance to help people change their lives, we offer competitive pay, daily catered lunches, and an extensive benefits package for all full-time employees (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)). In addition, offer the ability to grow, while truly making an impact in the healthcare system.

Rally Health is committed to ensuring that its workforce reflects America's diverse population. Rally Health knows that such diversity will enrich us with the talent, energy, perspective and inspiration it needs to achieve its mission. Rally Health believes in a policy of equal employment and opportunity for all people based on merit and commitment to the principles of diversity. It is our policy to recruit, hire, train, and promote individuals in all job titles, and administer all programs, without regard to race, color, religion, national origin or ancestry, citizenship, sex, age, marital status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, personal appearance, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, family responsibilities, genetic information, disability, matriculation, political affiliation, veteran status, union affiliation, or any other category protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

Individuals with disabilities and veterans are encouraged to apply. Applicants who require an accommodation related to the application and/or review process should notify Talent Acquisition (recruiting@rallyhealth.com).

Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. Rally wants to makes it easy for you to create lasting, positive habits by helping you make small day-to-day changes. Whether you’re read...
