Read what people are saying about working here. 

$103,106 - $134,038 a year

Position: Data Scientist GS 13/14

Division: Criminal Justice Information Services Division

Units:

NICS: NICS Strategy & System Unit (WV)

NTOS: Data Analysis Strategy Systems Unit

Location: Clarksburg, WV

Working Hours: Monday - Friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Flex

Salary:

GS 13: $87,252.00 - $113,428.00

GS 14: $103,106.00 - $134,038.00

Full Performance level: GS 14

Number of Positions Available: 2

Duration: Full Time/Permanent

Additional selections may be made from this announcement to fill positions within the same division when the position includes substantially the same duties, responsibilities, and qualifications.

Key Requirements

Must be a U.S. citizen

Must be able to obtain a Top Secret clearance

ALL applicants must verify completion of the basic education requirement by submitting a copy of college transcripts by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.

Mission Statement:

The mission of the FBI is to protect the American People and uphold the Constitution of the United States.

Major Duties :

Analyze, identify, and assess data attributes using statistical software packages; develop recommendations and processes to improve operational performance ensuring adherence to Bureau policies and procedures.

Coordinates multifaceted scientific research and analytic activities and provides scientific and technical consultation.

Utilizes a full array of scientific modeling methods to evaluate information and develop alternative contingency plans.

Coordinates and/or conducts research and developmental studies to support the management and coordination of technical resources Bureau wide, nationwide, and worldwide such as the analysis of resource information databases, communication systems, and alert networks.

Qualifications and Evaluations

Please make sure your specialized experience/requirement(s) can be identified in your resume. Applicants must meet the qualification requirements by the closing date of this announcement.

Your application will be evaluated and rated under the FBI’s Candidate Rating Procedures. Your resume and supporting documentation will be used to determine whether you meet the job qualifications listed in this announcement and will be compared to your responses to the online assessment questionnaire. High self-assessment in the vacancy questions that is not supported by information in your resume, and/or supporting documents may eliminate you from Most Competitive status.

Your application will then be placed in one of three categories: Most Competitive, Competitive, or Least Competitive. Names of candidates in the Most Competitive category will be sent to the hiring official for employment consideration. Veterans’ preference will be applied.

All applicants will be rated on the following Competencies:

Data Analysis

Algorithms

Analytic Thinking

Data Visualization

Research (Data)

Positive Education Requirement

This position has a specific education requirement; all applicants must verify completion of this basic educational requirement by submitting a copy of their college transcripts by the closing date of the vacancy announcement.

BASIC REQUIREMENTS: ALL APPLICANTS MUST MEET THE BASIC REQUIREMENTS BELOW:

A. Degree: Mathematics, statistics, or actuarial science. The degree must be in a major field of study (at least at the baccalaureate level) that is appropriate for the position.

OR

B. Combination of education and experience: Courses equivalent to a major field of study as shown in paragraph A above, plus additional education or appropriate experience.

Education completed in foreign colleges or universities may be used to meet the above requirements provided you can show foreign education is comparable to that received in an accredited educational institution in the United States.

Specialized Experience (SE):

IN ADDITION TO MEETING THE BASIC REQUIREMENT ABOVE, APPLICANTS MUST MEET THE SE REQUIREMENTS BELOW:

GS 13: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS 12 grade level. SE is defined as follows:

Utilized mathematical methodologies/algorithms to analyze and interpret trends or patterns in data sets

Constructed data visualization to assist others in understanding analytic results

Utilized existing data systems that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality

GS 14: Applicant must possess at least one (1) year of specialized experience equivalent to the GS 13 grade level. SE is defined as follows:

Utilized advanced mathematical methodologies/algorithms to conduct data analysis on large volumes of data in order to analyze and interpret trends or patterns

Formulated and conducted a wide variety of analytical studies to improve and augment operational capabilities based on the results of data analysis

Designed and implemented systematic and scientific procedures for determining the reliability, validity, and statistical confidence of the studies

Education

Education may not be substituted for SE at these grade levels.

 The FBI is an intelligence-driven national security and law enforcement agency. Our mission is to protect the American people and uphold ...
