About Gigster

Gigster is powering the world's engineering. We provide companies of all sizes with on-demand access to experts in new technology software development. Custom software is becoming essential for every business with global IT spend reaching $2.3T, yet very few have easy access to high quality, managed talent when they need it.

Gigster was founded in 2014. We've worked with global enterprises and businesses like IBM, Google, Staples, Mastercard, Prudential, and Ebay. Gigster has raised $32.5M from Andreessen Horowitz, Redpoint Ventures, Greylock, and Bloomberg among others, and has been covered in The Wall Street Journal, Business Insider, Fortune, and Inc.

We help enterprises create business impact by building high-quality custom software delivered at startup speed. Central to Gigster's vision is the Gigster Talent Network, a remote workforce of freelance product managers, software engineers and designers from 40+ countries, who work to build these high-impact applications. As a key member of the Community Operations Team, you will be on the team directly responsible for shaping the experience of the Gigster Talent Network.

Role Context

For the first time, it is now possible to measure team performance as well as the end-to-end process of developing software and truly understand how teams and software ultimately drive business impact. After delivering over 1,000 software projects for both large enterprises and startups, Gigster has amassed a one of a kind data set about software teams, productivity, and business impact. We invite you to come and drive industry-leading thought leadership based on this data set with answers to age-old questions in software and management science as well as product related questions around what truly drives business impact. What investments should be made to engage customers? What makes software teams productive? How does remote work impact outcomes? What aspects of the software process can be automated? What is quality and how can it be incentivized?

You will work closely with Sales, Marketing, and the Solution Delivery Team and have access to Gigster's data from software projects, teams, and real-time collaboration tools. You will be crucial to unearthing and communicating insights. You will work directly with the Co-founder & CTO and have end-to-end autonomy. Your findings will drive Gigster's ability to communicate value to clients in a data-driven way as well continuously improve its software development platform. Your work will have visibility across the company as well as outside of it via thought leadership articles and conferences.

Responsibilities

Communicate data-driven insights about how to build impactful software via articles and physical events

Perform analyses to understand key drivers of customer outcomes as well as pointers for streamlining tools and processes

Carry out specific investigations to uncover insightful correlations and patterns

Drive sessions with key customers

Requirements:

5+ years experience in lead product, engineering or data roles

Strong oral and written communication skills

Sound statistical intuition and analytical skills

Extensive experience using data to influence business outcomes

Experience with Python, R, Julia or similar

Experience with relational databases

Solid grasp of modern technologies and experience using them to drive enterprise scale business outcomes

An undergraduate degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or Mathematics

Scrappiness and ability to work autonomously.

Nice to Have

Machine learning expertise

Experience with non-relational databases

An MS or PhD in a quantitative field

Benefits and Perks

Competitive salary and equity packages

Full medical, dental and vision coverage

Daily catered lunches at Headquarters and a fully stocked kitchen

Flexible vacation

Regularly scheduled fun events, quarterly kickoffs, and team offsites

Mobile Phone Plan Reimbursement

Above standard transit and commuter benefits

In-office massages at Headquarters

Monthly Wellness Stipend

401(k) program

Equal Opportunity

At Gigster, we know that diversity and inclusion are complex, multidimensional issues. It will remain a Gigster-wide effort to ensure that diversity, equity, and inclusion of all kinds are discussed openly, that welcoming spaces for connection is created, and that we always support each other.

We strive to bring together talented people from all walks of life, lending their unique perspectives to the things we build. We want people of all races, genders, ethnicities, and backgrounds to be part of the richness of diversity that makes Gigster great. Technology touches us all and binds us together.

We believe the Gigster experience should reflect the human experience.
