Read what people are saying about working here. 

$53,385 - $93,303 a year

Department
 
Institutional Research and Assessment

Position Category
 
Staff - NonClassified

Job Summary

Utilize proficiency in data analysis/analytics and visualization to enhance CCRI’s analytic capacity. While working directly with stakeholders, the Data Scientist will transform, analyze, package and present data to inform policy and research. Use strong quantitative and analytical skills to work collaboratively with internal and external teams to create data visualizations, dashboards, and reports to extract insights. Provide leadership on data product development and administrative duties to ensure timely, accurate, high quality project deliverables. Build and maintain relationships with various stakeholders, assist with project strategy and development, and support the other staff members of the office. Maintain and share working knowledge of datasets, projects, and relevant local and national policies and best practices with staff, faculty, etc.

Duties and Responsibilities

Work with a large volume of data, linking databases and datasets, to effectively inform stakeholders. To be responsible for a full range of data analysis requirements including developing research methodology, implementing appropriate statistical techniques, managing a number of projects, and processing and reporting on data accurately. Perform data management activities including dataset documentation. Use longitudinal data to produce a variety of compelling products (reports, charts, maps, visualizations) in formats appropriate for a variety of audiences. Produce both technical and informal writings about data. Maintain deep and up-to-date knowledge of the internal datasets and data systems. Troubleshoot data inconsistencies within projects, administrative and scientific datasets, and workflow. Provide high-quality, relevant, and timely data and reports to all customers.

Lead teams of colleagues on specific projects (i.e. data story development). Under the direction of the Director of Institutional Research and Assessment, monitor project, scope, deliverables, etc. against project plan. Assist with new employee training, orientation, professional and skill development as requested. Provide insight and operational support to the Director of Institutional Research and Assessment as requested. Coordinate with the Information Technology team on software and product-related efforts providing additional support as needed to build new tools, data products, and indicators. Meet with stakeholders to explore and analyze data related to key questions. Coordinate with supervisor on priorities. Assist with minor office and administrative tasks.

Advance office’s mission. Strategize about new projects. Participate in organizational/ departmental strategic planning and implementation. Present about tools, information, data products, and findings at local and national meetings and conferences. Contribute to social media and other outreach and dissemination activities.

Demonstrate a commitment to the philosophy and mission of a comprehensive community college.

Work collaboratively with others in a diverse and inclusive environment.

Other duties as required.

Minimum Qualifications

1) Master’s degree.

2) Demonstrated experience querying and processing large data sets.

3) Demonstrated experience analyzing and reporting on large data sets.

4) Demonstrated ability to tell stories with data using data visualization software or other reporting/BI tools (such as Tableau, PowerBI, ArcGIS, etc.).

5) Demonstrated experience in programming/scripting languages and statistical software (such as R, Python, or other programming language).

6) Demonstrated strong verbal and interpersonal communication skills.

7) Demonstrated proficiency in written communication skills.

8) Demonstrated ability to communicate advanced analytical concepts and complex quantitative analysis in a concise, clear and actionable manner.

9) Demonstrated ability to respond to changing priorities and ensure timely, accurate deliverables.

10) Demonstrated ability to work with diverse groups/populations.

Preferred Qualifications

1) Minimum of two years of experience in quantitative and qualitative research, statistical analysis, reporting, and/or data analysis of large, longitudinal data sets.

2) Demonstrated experience in manipulating and analyzing complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources.

3) Demonstrated experience with intermediate statistical methods.

4) Demonstrated familiarity with diverse data analytics tools.

5) Demonstrated project management experience.

6) Demonstrated knowledge of database & data management concepts.

Reports To
 
Director of Institutional Research & Assessment

Campus Location
 
Primarily located at the Warwick Campus

Work Schedule
 
Calendar

Shift, Days, and Additional Work Schedule Information
 
Non-Standard; 35 hours per week

Full-time/Part-time
 
Full-Time

Permanent/Limited Position
 
Permanent

Benefits
 
Yes

Name of Bargaining Unit Union
 
CCRIPSA

Pay Grade
 
CCRIPSA 13

Salary Range
 
Salary range is $53,385 - $93,303

Additional Salary Information

Hiring salary commensurate with education and experience.

Civil Service List position
 
No

Licenses, Tools and Equipment

Personal computers and printers; word processing, database management, and project management software

Environmental Conditions

This position is not substantially exposed to adverse environmental conditions.

Desired Start Date
 
ASAP

Position End Date (if temporary or grant)

Posting Detail Information

Number of Vacancies
 
1

Application Open Date
 
04/03/2019

Application Close Date (includes the grace period)

Open Until Filled
 
Yes

Comments

CCRI MISSION:

The Community College of Rhode Island is the state’s only public comprehensive associate degree-granting institution. We provide affordable open access to higher education at locations throughout the state. Our primary mission is to offer recent high school graduates and returning adults the opportunity to acquire the knowledge and skills necessary for intellectual, professional and personal growth through an array of academic, career and lifelong learning programs. We meet the wide-ranging educational needs of our diverse student population, building on our rich tradition of excellence in teaching and our dedication to all students with the ability and motivation to succeed. We set high academic standards necessary for transfer and career success, champion diversity, respond to community needs, and contribute to our state’s economic development and the region’s workforce.

Special Instructions to Applicants

Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled; however, to ensure full consideration, complete application materials should be received by 4/24/2019.

To apply for this position:

1. Complete CCRI’s online application, and attach a cover letter and resume. You do not need to complete the ‘Education History’ or ‘Employment History’ sections within the application if you are attaching a resume that includes the same information.

2. Include contact information of three references within the application’s “Reference” page.

Finalists will be required to provide official college transcripts.

If you need assistance with the online application process, please contact Human Resources at 401-825-2311.
