The Lead Data Scientist will support the Strategic and Business Analysis group with economic and financial analysis related to cost analysis and marginal costing models. She/He uses econometric modeling and forecasting techniques to analyze company cost relationships and cost behavioral trends. He/She works on key projects such as estimating marginal costs using econometric models and simulation models. This position focuses on solving complex client business issues involving advanced mathematical analysis and reporting of data The Economic Analysis Manager develops mathematical solutions that increase UPS profits and service levels. He/She is involved in business development and shaping operating methodologies and standards for the business. The Economic Analysis Manager estimates marginal costs using advanced regression analysis, statistical software and simulation models to ensure proper analyses are complete. He/She evaluates econometric models to ensure methodology controls for organizational changes, data anomalies and general ledger accounting changes. This position ensures marginal cost model results are accurate within acceptable statistical standards and consistent with economic theory to ensure solutions are in place and desired results are achieved. The Economic Analysis Manager develops and use Simulation Models based on operational to estimate marginal Costs. He/She conducts ad hoc economic/statistical analysis involving tasks such as outlining economic concepts affecting cost or demand, to evaluate the statistical merits of previous studies, or finding evidence of the company’s inherent cost relationships using company financial data. Responsibilities and Duties Identifies and evaluates business issues within UPS to validate benefits from new technologies and approaches. Creates, tests, validates, and documents the appropriate modeling methodology (e.g., optimization/math programming, simulation, decision tree, etc.) to appropriately solve the problem. Conducts technical research to determine relevant data. Explores relevant model data to gain insight of variables and identify relationships with existing data. Utilizes appropriate mathematical and statistical techniques and draws valid conclusions to understand the advantages, disadvantages, and underlying assumptions. Gathers information and data from stakeholders and UPS data repositories (e.g., data warehouse, Information Library, internal server databases, etc.) to initiate the analysis process. Utilizes the model to understand the underlying structure of business issues, relationships between variables, and the effectiveness of proposed solutions. Selects the proper analysis technique (e.g., simulation, linear or non-linear programming, neutral network, regression models, statistical tests, etc.) to ensure proper analyses are complete. Manipulates large data sets containing large amounts of information to translate into common formats for further analysis. Utilizes appropriate mathematical and operations research techniques and draws valid conclusions to understand the advantages, disadvantages, and underlying assumptions of mathematical methods. Knowledge and Skills Establishes Metrics and Performance Tools: Selects the most appropriate method(s) for conducting gap analysis and performance assessment; establishes performance measures (e.g. balance scorecard measures); investigates and determines root cause(s) of performance problems; identifies areas for improvement in measures and measurement methods and makes recommendations for changes. Estimation and Forecasting Knowledge: Conducts capacity and feasibility studies; estimates equipment or inventory, times, future requirements, costs, risks, or potential; makes short to medium-term projections; recommends new methodologies for forecasting or estimating. Finance Knowledge: Applies advanced financial analysis techniques to draw conclusions from financial data; understands and evaluates implications of alternatives; makes decisions on an appropriate course of action. Statistical Analysis: Demonstrates extensive knowledge of statistical sampling, tests, and analyses and chooses the most appropriate method; demonstrates extensive knowledge of multivariate and generalized linear models and time series models; demonstrates an ability to interpret results and draw conclusions from analyses; troubleshoots errors in data, models, and interpretation; creates processes for improving the integrity of existing data. Technology Knowledge: Leverages technological knowledge to achieve business objectives; resolves technological issues impeding work; adapts technological information, facts, or data to varying situations or groups; recommends changes to technological approach based upon knowledge of trends and best practices. UPS is an equal opportunity employer. UPS does not discriminate on the basis of race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/age/sexual orientation/gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law
