Read what people are saying about working here. 

Industrial Data Scientist - MAN000046

Solvay is a multi-specialty chemical company committed to developing chemistry that addresses key societal challenges. We innovate and partner with customers in diverse global end markets. Our products and solutions are used in planes, cars, smart and medical devices, batteries, in mineral and oil extraction, among many other applications promoting sustainability. Our lightweighting materials enhance cleaner mobility, our formulations optimize the use of resources, and our performance chemicals improve air and water quality.

Job Overview and Responsibilities Solvay has a very exciting opportunity for an industrial Data scientist to join the Group. As a member of the data science team, you will:

Shape our journey towards the plant of the future by delivering on our vision for advanced analytics driven manufacturing

Work in manufacturing sites across multiple countries

Deliver data science expertise to a multi-disciplinary team in a high paced industrial environment

Spearhead the development of the data science capability within the group

Be part of a global innovation leader in specialty chemicals, generating €10Bn in revenue by serving customers across ~100 countries

Activities

Advise production sites on innovative ideas for advanced analytics based improvements in manufacturing technology (e.g. yield, quality, cost improvements)

Liaise with site process experts to understand business needs and associated modelling challenges

Leverage advanced data visualization techniques to explore data and assess multiple modelling options

Select the optimal model solution in line with both technical and business needs

Clarify data requirements (type, format, frequency, quality of the required data) and support data extraction, transformation and loading

Develop, test and validate the advanced analytics model to deliver the target improvement on time, on spec and on cost

Create appropriate documentation to ensure effective, efficient and safe model implementation/ industrialization

Coordinate internal and external resources (e.g. infrastructure specialists, programmers) to drive effective model deployment

Support issue resolution and model maintenance to adapt model to evolving industrial environment

Actively contribute to Solvay’s Data science community though exchange of best practices and lessons learned

Train and coach more junior colleagues

Education and Experience Education / Experience

Master’s degree preferably in computer sciences and/or applied mathematics.

A minimum of 5 years of experience in a data scientist role in an industrial environment.

Skills

A deep understanding of and proven experience with advanced analytics techniques and applications.

Knowledge of SAS data analytics platform and/ or JMP visualization software

Knowledge of R and Python

Openness to new ideas/ challenges and eagerness to share insights and coach more junior colleagues

Fluency in English, both spoken and written

Willingness to travel (Approximately 40% travel with overnight stays)

Considered a plus:

Prior experience in the chemical industry

A background in process technology or process control

Solvay is an equal opportunity employer. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics .

Primary Location
 
: USA-Georgia-Alpharetta, Georgia

Other Locations
 
: USA-New Jersey-Princeton, New Jersey, USA-Texas-Houston, Texas

Experience requested : Experienced

 Join us, the people who ask more from chemistry.  More than designing solutions for our customers, we are inventing a new model of sustai...
