Senior Data Scientist- AWS- Dallas- $135K Our client, a well-known member of the Retail Industry, is looking for a talent Data Scientist who is interested in working on both Machine Learning and Statistical Models. You would be responsible building scalable machine learning modules and utilizing programming languages to implement algorithms into business applications. The ideal candidate will have strong experience utilizing cloud platforms, such as AWS, Azure, and Spark. Responsibilities Support various data scientist projects Work closely with the DevOps and engineering teams as well as project managers to achieve specific objectives You would be working with the above teams to build pipelines, clean and aggregate data., and ensure the projects are meeting their expectations Requirements Minimum of a Masters degree in a quantitative field preferred Ideally at least 3 years of modeling and data science experience Knowledge of utilizing AWS, Spark, and Azure Experience programming in languages including Python, R, and SQL This company is looking for a Data Scientists like you! You would be working on a greenfield project for the company, who is industry leader in their field. This allows you to grow your experience while working with amazing technology. Interviews have already begun so if you are interested in applying or know someone who is please contact Amy Phan immediately at a.phan@jeffersonfrank.com with an updated resume, or call 972-437-8259. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS and DevOps jobs than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS and DevOps market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have an unrivalled understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS / DevOps jobs are. I understand the need for discretion and would welcome the opportunity to speak to any Amazon Web Services candidates that are considering a new career or job either now or in the future. Confidentiality is of course guaranteed. For information on the AWS market and some of the opportunities and AWS jobs that are available I can be contacted on 972-437-8259. Please see www.jeffersonfrank.com for more fantastic Amazon Web Services opportunities! Jefferson Frank Inc. is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy. AWS/DevOps/AWS DevOps/Amazon Web Services/Site Reliability Engineer/Minneapolis/Java/ Python/Ruby/Ruby on Rails/Docker/Kubernetes/Jenkins/Ansible/Puppet/Chef
