Read what people are saying about working here. 

Job Description Details

zulily is seeking an intellectually curious, collaborative data expert to work as a statistician, data miner, and business analyst for the Marketing Organization. As a Marketing Data Scientist, you will use statistical analysis and data mining techniques to better understand how we can improve our customer acquisition strategy along with maximizing future profits from our existing base. You will need to aggregate complex and detailed findings to all levels of marketing management and be comfortable presenting and defending results when necessary. More Details of the Job: Partner with Marketing Analysts and other Marketing Business Partners to build advanced models and tests that are applicable to current strategies. Present findings and recommendations of models to Directors and Execs in a clear and concise fashion. Drive real change in Marketing tactics using data-backed results. Drive prioritization in various Tech orgs to push models into production with support from the Director of Marketing Analytics. Build and refine complex statistical models that predict behavior and improve over time with additional data and learnings. Identify insights in Customer and Marketing data and use quantitative analysis to answer complex questions. Utilize background in statistics and probability, machine learning, and working with large datasets to build models that support Marketing business goals. Become an expert in languages such as R, Python, Julia etc. Write and interpret complex SQL and Hive QL queries to inform data mining and modeling activities. Be a self-starter and create data-backed recommendations for where there are flaws or gaps in current marketing strategies. Qualifications 2+ years of industry experience with a proven track record of using data analysis to drive significant business impact, particularly in “Big Data” environments. Interest and proficiency in answering complex business questions using statistics, machine learning, and matrix algebra Expert in predictive modeling using both supervised and unsupervised learning techniques. Must have knowledge and experience in the following: generalized linear models, ensemble models, resampling methods, model validation and testing, dimensionality reduction, clustering, and Bayesian approaches to data analysis. Strong proficiency with at least one language for data analysis, such as R or Python Excellent capabilities with the basic analysis tools of SQL and Excel. Demonstrated academic achievement and an active research agenda in relevant topic areas Ability to communicate modeling procedures and results to non-experts Education Master’s Degree in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Operations Research, Computer Science, or another quantitative discipline.

About Zulily, LLC

Zulily, LLC, is a retailer obsessed with bringing its customers special finds every day—all at incredible prices. zulily features an always-fresh curated collection for the whole family, including clothing, home decor, toys, gifts and more. Unique products from up-and-coming brands are featured alongside favorites

from top brands, giving customers something new to discover each morning. zulily was launched in 2010 and is headquartered in Seattle with offices in Nevada, Ohio and Pennsylvania. For more information visit www.zulily.com . zulily, LLC, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Qurate Retail, Inc. (NASDAQ: QRTEA, RTEB), which includes QVC, HSN, Zulily and the Cornerstone brands (collectively, “Qurate Retail Group”), as well as other minority investments. Qurate Retail Group believes in a third way to shop - beyond transactional ecommerce or traditional brick-and-mortar stores - and is #1 in video commerce, #3 in ecommerce in North America and #3 in mobile commerce in the U.S. (according to Internet Retailer). For more information, visit www.qurateretailgroup.com .

EEO

As an equal opportunity employer, Qurate Retail Group is committed to a diverse workforce and is also committed to a barrier-free employment process. In order to ensure reasonable accommodations for individuals pursuant to applicable law, individuals that require accommodation in the job application process for a posted position may contact us at CareersUS@QVC.com for assistance.

Click Apply and log in with your existing account or create an account. This will allow you to check the status of your application at any time and receive the most up to date communications from our Talent Acquisition team.

 Since its launch in early 2010, Zulily continues to reinvent itself, providing a fun shopping experience full of products millions of cus...
