Data Scientist At our Company, we grow People, Brands, and Businesses! We are seeking a highly dynamic Data Scientist to drive internal tool builds and predictive analytics capabilities to deliver data-driven insights that guide retail and Private Brand business initiatives. The Data Scientist will work cross-functionally with other team analysts, managers and directors to determine relevant tools that should be considered for build, with a focus on providing stand-out analytical solutions that will help drive the business of our customer base, while enhancing our value proposition in the industry. S/he is responsible for leveraging data from all available resources to build custom tools/models based on business needs, conducting ongoing optimization and testing, providing regular reporting and analysis, and suggesting and implementing opportunities for improvement of the model.  Take this opportunity to join North America’s leading business solutions provider and build your career working with amazing people in a growing industry! Apply today! What we offer: Full-Time Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, Life) 401(k) with company match Training and Career Development Generous Paid Time-Off  Responsibilities: o Responsible for designing, implementing, executing, and improving the company’s custom analytical solutions. o Possesses a thorough understanding modelling, including the needs of clients, the methodology by which a model is executed, and how it aligns with the company’s overarching business goals o Creates reports and gathers performance summaries and analysis for further optimization o Creates and articulates compelling value propositions o Communicates insights and successful performance impact to clients and account teams o Interfaces with internal teams to drive innovation, ensuring capabilities meet market needs and customer satisfaction goals o Works with a complex set of variables to understand patterns o Uses experience in statistical analysis to form new conclusions based on multiple data sets Qualifications: Master's Degree in Math, Statistics, Data Science, or related field or equivalent experience required; Ph.D. in Math, Statistics, Data science, or related field or equivalent experience preferred 3-5 Years of experience in Analytics with either a retailer or services provider with retail clients Knowledge of leading marketing analytic tools Experience in Search Engine Marketing, specifically with PPC programs; Experience with Google AdWords, Bing Ads, and Microsoft Office Suite A keen eye for detail.  The role requires the ability to keep track of copious amounts of data across numerous accounts in a variety of ways.  Following procedures exactly and being methodical is critical Experience with A/B and multivariate testing
