CBTS is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our team. The initial focus of the role will be data classification (mining, analytics) for all of our internal business lines, eventually solving and transforming intensive man hour business problems into on-demand solutions through machine learning and analytics 
&nbsp; 
Candidates should have at minimum their Master&rsquo;s degree but preferably their Doctorate as a Data Scientist.&nbsp; Candidates should be thoroughly experienced in all areas of data analysis:  advisory, strategy and implementation , including experience with business intelligence tools. To be clear, we are not looking for a Business Analyst, or someone that just knows how to utilize business intelligence tools, or just has experience with business intelligent reporting (although, those skill sets are required for this data analyst role). Nor are we seeking data analyst candidates from academia&mdash;candidates should come from a strong Data Analyst/Data Scientist background in IT. 
Of the required experience listed in the attached job description, the following are our top mandatory requirements: 
&nbsp;  
The candidate should have 6+ years of experience in data mining, data classification and data analytics including using BI tools and technologies (  we won&rsquo;t consider anyone with less than 6 years of experience (no exceptions  )*&mdash;  8 or more years is preferred  . 
Experience with and knowledge of data warehouse and OLAP principles    
Qualitative &amp; Quantitative Market Research, Analytical techniques, Statistical modeling, Analytical technology, Data interpretation / insight analysis, Data visualization, Insight storytelling, Desk research, Programming (Python, SQL, R or other), Quality assurance and testing. 
Proven working experience as a data scientist and business intelligence analyst 
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques    
The person needs an ability to share and communicate ideas verbally, both orally and in writing, to executive staff, business sponsors, and technical resources in clear concise language that is the parlance of each group. 
This person will take the guesswork out of business decisions and help the entire organization thrive. 
The data analyst must be an effective bridge between different teams by analyzing new data, combining different reports, and translating the outcomes. 
The person will work in teams addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in multiple business environments. 
In this role, they will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets. 
6-8 years of experience in data mining, data classification and data analytics including using BI tools and technologies (Microsoft Power BI, Tableau, IBM Cognos Analytics, SiSense, Qlik, Birst, Google Analytics, etc)   
Experience with and knowledge of Azure SQL Server and Traditional SQL Server data warehouse and OLAP principles 
Qualitative &amp; Quantitative Market Research, Analytical techniques, Statistical modeling, Analytical technology, Data interpretation / insight analysis, Data visualization, Insight storytelling, Desk research, Programming (Python, SQL, R or other), Quality assurance and testing. 
Proven working experience as a data analyst and business intelligence analyst 
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques 
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing data sets (Excel, SPSS, SAS etc.) 
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages (Business Objects etc), databases (SQL etc), programming (XML, JavaScript, or ETL frameworks) 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy 
Adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings  
  &nbsp;   
 Job Description   
Technical Skills: Use complex computer programs to mine data sources and look for trends. 
Analytical Skills: Determine what data trends mean. Being able to analyze the data is crucial. 
Using descriptive statistics to get a big-picture view of their data. 
Creating visualizations and dashboards to help the company interpret and make decisions with the data. 
Presenting the results of a technical analysis to business clients or internal teams. 
Evaluating statistical models to determine the validity of analyses. 
Using data science and machine learning to build better predictive algorithms. 
Using Artificial intelligence to interpret events, support and automate decisions, and to take actions 
Ability to work in all levels and components of Azure SQL Server and traditional Data Warehouses consisting of ODS, Data Marts, Data Lakes and Data Warehouses. 
Testing and continuously improving the accuracy of machine learning models. 
Building data visualizations to summarize the conclusion of an advanced analysis. 
Integrating external or new data sets into existing data pipelines. 
Applying feature transformations for machine learning models on new data. 
Continuously monitoring and testing the system to ensure optimized performance.  
 &nbsp;  
 Preferred Experience   
Demonstrated awareness of feature extraction and real-time analytics methods 
Demonstrated awareness of analytic prototyping, analytic scale-up, analytic scaling, and solutions integration 
Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., SAS, SPSS, R, Python) 
Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more data mining tools/frameworks/languages 
Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more data classification tools/frameworks/languages 
Demonstrated skill at data cleansing, data quality assessment, and using analytics for data assessment 
Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics, descriptive statistics, and predictive analytics on industrial data sets  
 &nbsp;  
 EDUCATION:  
Master&rsquo;s Degree in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) but PhD is Preferred 
&nbsp; 
Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws 
&nbsp;  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Cincinnati, OH 45202 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software
