Read what people are saying about working here. 

We are looking for an extraordinary Data Scientist to join the band and build core analytics to support our Studios organization. Our mission is to re-imagine the creator and consumer experience to be the audio-first network for the world.

To help us achieve this, the Data Scientist will build out an efficient analytics services suite so that we can craft common data layers, build impactful visualizations, and power our decision-making. Above all, you will be at the nexus of data science and business at one of the most innovative companies in the world.

In addition to possessing a strong technical background, you will be a natural communicator who is able to explain complex data and insights to a business audience. We have a strong preference for some modeling and statistical knowledge. Accompanying this broad set of responsibilities is exposure to many functional areas, as well as senior management across Spotify.

What you’ll do

Engineer novel data sets and features that bring together the dynamics of content consumption on our platform, with a particular focus on original and acquired podcasts as well as other new media formats.

Define success measures and build tools that predict and track on-platform content performance.

Craft audience segmentation models for podcasts and other new media formats.

Visualize data in intuitive and clear ways for a non-technical audience.

Support leadership with research on key business initiatives and challenges.

What you bring

Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, or another quantitative field; advanced degree is desirable.

2+ years (5+ years for senior role) of relevant experience analyzing complex data with SQL, Python, Scala, and/or R.

Experience with feature engineering for machine learning models.

Knowledge of Google BigQuery, Tableau, and Java/Scala is a plus.

Comfort navigating complex and fluid organizational structures within a dynamic and global company. You will need to build and maintain cross-functional relationships spanning multiple teams and geographies.

 All your music is here. 

Spotify gives you millions of songs at your fingertips. The artists you love, the latest hits, and new discov...
