Read what people are saying about working here. 

The Market Intelligence team in the Business Applications Group (within Cloud + AI division) is hiring a passionate Data Scientist to help build AI driven business applications that transform the way Marketing and Market Research groups work today. This is a fun and fast paced environment, where data scientists are empowered to innovate. This is a great opportunity to work on something highly strategic to Microsoft, and an opportunity to directly impact high profile enterprise customers.

Do you love working with large complex data sets, like Search, Web, Social, LinkedIn etc.?

Do you enjoy developing Machine Learning models using Python/R with in-house or open source libraries to deliver meaningful insights?

Do you want to learn and apply Deep Learning techniques with toolsets such as CNTK, TensorFlow and PyTorch?

If you answer “YES” to these questions, you would love to work here. This is a rare opportunity to join this ambitious project in the early stage with tremendous scope to grow. We are building the core Machine Learning and Insights team to spearhead all these challenges.

Responsibilities

Our ideal candidate will:

Have an ability to mine large data sets with Cosmos, Hadoop or Spark like technologies

Transform data into innovative features/signals that can improve a machine-learning task

Build machine learning models and evaluating their quality on real life scenarios

Prototype new approaches and develop new algorithms using NLP & ML techniques

Work with other data scientists, engineers, UX experts to deliver a robust solution to the customer

Have an ability to self-learn new techniques from textbooks and research papers

Never compromise on engineering excellence and delivering quality at scale

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or related fields

At least 2 years of experience (or research projects in lieu of industry experience) in the areas of data science, machine learning, information retrieval or natural language processing

Proficiency and demonstrable skills using statistical or machine learning programming languages and packages (Python/R etc.)

Demonstrable skills and experience using SQL or NoSQL data stores

Excellent verbal and written communication skills

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings:

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter.

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.

Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.

 Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) is an American public multinational corporation headquartered in Redmond, Washington, USA that devel...
