Read what people are saying about working here. 

Internship

Your tasks and responsibilities

Key responsibilities may involve, but may not be limited to:

Build and validate predictive models incorporating key breeding data, soil, weather, and environmental data

Demonstrate the application of the models and deploy them to stakeholders

Who you are

Your success will be driven by your demonstration of our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possesses the following:

Required Qualifications:

Currently pursuing an advanced degree MS/PhD student in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science, Mathematics, or Computational Biology at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign

Proficiency in Machine Learning and Statistics algorithms and concepts (Mixed Models, Random Forest, Deep Learning, SVM, etc.)

Strong programming skills in R, Python, SQL, Java or Linux

Experience with cloud computing such as Hadoop and Spark

Problem solving ability and experience in analyzing and presenting complex data

Organizational, interpersonal, and written communication skills

Strong business aptitude, the ability to rapidly learn new problem domains, and become conversant in the domain with subject matter experts

Ability to communicate complex ideas in a clear, precise and actionable manner

Detail and results oriented with the ability to work independently

Ability to actively engage with internal partners and external collaborators to align strategies and success measures in analytics

Preferred Qualifications:

Willingness to extend own data science and statistical interests to agriculture and/or experience working with agricultural/biological scientific data

...

Your application

Bayer offers a wide variety of competitive compensation and benefits programs. If you meet the requirements of this unique opportunity, and you have the "Passion to Innovate" and the "Power to Change", we encourage you to apply now. Job postings will remain open for a minimum of ten business days and are subject to immediate closure thereafter without additional notice. To all recruitment agencies: Bayer does not accept unsolicited third party resumes.

Bayer is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disabled/Veterans

Bayer is committed to providing access and reasonable accommodations in its application process for individuals with disabilities and encourages applicants with disabilities to request any needed accommodation(s) using the contact information below.

Country: United States

Location: IL-Champaign

Functional Area:

Entry Level:

 Bayer is an innovation company with a more than 150-year history and core competencies in the fields of health care and agriculture. We d...
