Responded to 75% or more applications in the past 30 days, typically within 12 days. Read what people are saying about working here. 

Other

Client Device Services within Lockheed Martin’s Enterprise IT division is responsible for ensuring LM employees’ devices are functional, patched, and available. These activities provide large volumes of data that need to be parsed and analyzed. As a Data Scientist within CDS, you will design and develop methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured data from diverse sources to provide actionable information. You will provide visualizations that will present this information to various consumers who will make key business decisions based on the information.

As a Data Scientist within CDS, you will develop methodologies and solutions that will grow our Predictive Modeling to grow proactive solutions to risks before they become issues.

Key responsibilities of this position include:

Implement Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL) for a variety of datasets

Developing data warehousing solutions

Use exploratory data analysis techniques to identify meaningful relationships, patterns, or trends from complex data sets and discover opportunities in datasets to support decision-making

Time series analysis and forecasting

Develop predictive models

Visualize and communicate findings

This position can be located at any major Lockheed Martin facility. Tele-commuting can be considered.

Basic Qualifications:

Foundational understanding of a broad set of tools to be able to apply the right tool to each data exploration activity. Tools could include, for example:

Extraction, Transformation, and Load (ETL)

Importing, cleaning, and transforming datasets

Data warehousing to include data modeling and architecture

Proficiency with one or more of the following PowerBI, Tableau, or SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS)

Proficiency with SQL languages and Microsoft SQL Server

Proficiency with SQL Ser Server Integration Services (SSIS) or similar Dataflow toolset

Desired Skills:

Experience with developing and presenting data visualizations to drive business outcomes

Experience with Machine Learning

Proficiency with SQL Server Analysis Service (SSAS)

Familiarity with SCCM and its data structures

Familiarity with MDM solutions

BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:

job.Qualifications

Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.

Join us at Lockheed Martin, where your mission is ours. Our customers tackle the hardest missions. Those that demand extraordinary amounts of courage, resilience and precision. They’re dangerous. Critical. Sometimes they even provide an opportunity to change the world and save lives. Those are the missions we care about.

As a leading technology innovation company, Lockheed Martin’s vast team works with partners around the world to bring proven performance to our customers’ toughest challenges. Lockheed Martin has employees based in many states throughout the U.S., and Internationally, with business locations in many nations and territories.

EXPERIENCE LEVEL:

Experienced Professional
 Technology that enables cars to drive themselves. Routine flights to Mars. Fusion reactors that produce limitless energy. At Lockheed Mar...
