Read what people are saying about working here. 
Job Description

As a Data Scientist Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, building, and delivering mission-critical machine learning models, data pipelines, and micro-services, empowering the next generation of Accolade applications and user experiences.

We are looking for extremely entrepreneurial individuals to innovate on a mission to better the lives of millions of people. If you have far-reaching vision and are passionate about building game-changing products and services that delight customers, then this is a great opportunity to join a team that’s fundamentally changing the health care experience.

A day in the life…

Train and deploy mathematical models (such as scikit-learn, Keras, or Tensorflow) as services, optimizing for health outcomes and efficiency

Create microservices in Python running on AWS (Dynamo, SNS, SQS, EC2, Lambda)

Design and implement deep learning systems running on population health data, applying rapidly evolving technology in new ways

Design and implement highly performing data pipelines in Python, Spark, and SQL

Participate in daily stand-up meetings, weekly brainstorming sessions, and bi-weekly retrospectives

Develop features across multiple modules within our application

Write clean, testable, readable, and maintainable code that can be rapidly deployed at internet scale

Qualifications

3+ years full product cycle development experience in Python, SQL, and/or Spark

Experience with training and deploying machine learning algorithms

An understanding of the fundamentals of a machine learning system, such as accuracy measurements and cross-validation.

Experience with cloud infrastructure, such as AWS or Azure

Experience with services using SOAP, REST, and open source frameworks (Spring, etc.)

Experience working in an agile software development framework

Proficiency with software management tools such as Jira

Experience with modern version control systems such as Github

Proficiency in debugging code bases, designing APIs, writing unit tests and testable code

 Bonus…

Experience building software for the healthcare industry and/or medical informatic

Additional Information

What is important to us

Creating an enduring company that is hyper-focused on our culture and making a meaningful impact in the lives of our employees, members and customers. The secret to our success is:

We find joy and purpose in serving others

Making a difference in our members’ and customers’ lives is what we do. Even when it’s hard, we do the right thing for the right reasons.

We are strong individually and together, we’re powerful

Trusting in our colleagues and embracing their different backgrounds and experiences enable us to solve tough problems in creative ways, having fun along the way.

We roll up our sleeves and get stuff done

Results motivate us. And we aren't afraid of the hard work or tough decisions needed to get us there.

We’re boldly and relentlessly reinventing healthcare

We're curious and act big - not afraid to knock down barriers or take calculated risks to change the world, one person at a time.

All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.

 Accolade is a personalized health and benefits solution that dramatically improves the experience, outcomes and cost of healthcare for em...
