Read what people are saying about working here. 

Talent Analytics – Data Scientist

J.C. Penney Company, Inc.

Plano, Texas

Have a passion for numbers and statistics? Enjoy researching organizational issues using data analysis? Want to influence others using your findings? If your answer is “yes”, come work on JCPenney’s Organizational Development Team as a Talent Analytics Data Scientist!

We are looking for someone who is a natural with numbers, big on building relationships, able to tolerate ambiguity, and curious about root causes behind problems. This role will assist in developing a long-range analytics strategy that is grounded in understanding data tied to the company’s bottom line. The people who work here are the heart of JCPenney, and this role will directly influence decisions that make the company a great place to work for everyone.

Primary Responsibilities:

Lead the investigation of research questions related to turnover, engagement, diversity, return on investment for company-wide programs and more

Design, develop and implement talent reporting and advanced statistical analytics across the company

Run tests of significance related to chi-square, t-test, correlation, ANOVA/MANOVA, simple and multiple regression, relative weights analysis, discriminant function analysis, exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis, cluster analysis, path analysis, survival analysis and more

Develop reports using data visualization techniques that allow for quick identification of trends

Maximize our people data by delivering insights that allow leaders to make effective decisions

Research benchmarking for talent-related initiatives and offer HR best practices

Compile and clean large datasets in preparation for statistical analysis

Support efforts around ad-hoc survey design and legal analyses

Core Competencies and Accomplishments:

Passionate about a fast-paced, service and customer driven culture

Naturally curious, enjoys finding opportunities, generating ideas and taking projects from idea phase to a practical and impactful reality

Ability to get things done – has a can-do attitude and loves to get results; has excellent organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills

Ability to maintain strict HR standards of confidentiality and adhere to high ethical standards

Expert in Microsoft Excel, proficient in Word, PowerPoint, Outlook

Proficient in one or more statistical and advanced analytics software programs

Proficient in data visualization software (e.g., Tableau)

Master’s degree relevant to statistics (I/O Psychology, Data Science/Analytics, Statistics, Finance, Business, Psychometrics), or equivalent work experience

 J. C. Penney Company, Inc. (NYSE:JCP), one of the nation's largest apparel and home furnishings retailers, is on a mission to ensure ever...
