Read what people are saying about working here. 

ICW Group is searching for a Senior Data Scientist to lead analyses of internal and external data sources in support of key business functions. This position exists to help drive business decisions by providing analysis and reporting which give insight into key performance indicators. Through predictive and descriptive modeling, the Senior Data Scientist identifies areas of improvement for all ICW business units and performs complex data analysis to support portfolio management and operations goals.

Essential duties and responsibilities for this role include:

Provides quantitative analysis for portfolio management decisions.

Specifies advanced data mining techniques to discover patterns, insights, and trends in ICW data.

Collaborates with other scientists and other internal business units to ensure effective execution of data-driven initiatives.

Collects, aggregates, and analyzes data from multiple internal and external sources for use in advanced analytics.

Writes and maintains code to build and maintain data pipelines for production models utilizing programming such as R and Python.

Develops high quality, replicable predictive and descriptive analytics for business use.

Analyzes, refines, and documents functional requirements for complex modeling projects.

Actively evaluates (track and validate) existing models to ensure optimal data-driven decisions.

Drives insights into business performance optimization.

Evaluates complex business and system requirements to create detailed business user requirements, system documentation, workflow procedures, and data modeling.

Understands the business issues and data challenges of the organization.

Communicates findings and insight to stakeholders and provide business strategy recommendations for optimizing business performance.

Evaluates the business and end user data requirements and develops analytical and reporting solutions to address those needs.

Understands and translates business requirements into functional requirements.

Improves workflows and business processes throughout the organization.

Analyzes current business processes; makes recommendations to management for new, more efficient, workflows, and processes.

Develops functional specifications and system design specifications for assigned projects.

Uses and presents analytics and metrics to improve processes and provide data-driven forecasts of potential costs, risks, and profits of new business initiatives.

Provides reporting solutions and responds to ad-hoc report requests across multiple business areas and for high impact enterprise wide projects.

Performs as an escalation resource for the department

Trains incoming staff and acts as a resource for colleagues in the department to answer questions and solve complex problems.

Develops and implements project plans within the department and is accountable for ongoing project activities and objectives of the team.

Participates in the performance management process of members of the team and will provide input and recommendations to senior leaders.

Provide training materials, documentation, and suggestions to Data Analytics leadership staff concerning data models and solutions as needed.

Ensures data quality, adherence to departmental guidelines, profitability, business impact, and other risk-related metrics for self and members of the team.

Required educational background and preferred experience:

Bachelor's degree from four-year college or university; Mathematics, Data, or related degree preferred; or minimum 5+ years of related technical experience and/or training; or Master’s degree plus 3+ years of experience in a technical discipline. Insurance industry experience a plus. Experience with Microsoft SQL Server 20xx. Demonstrable professional experience with open source data science platforms, e.g., R and Python required. Experience with analytics platforms like TensorFlow and Keras a plus.

Knowledge and skills that will help you succeed in this position:

Demonstrated command of statistical modeling techniques, especially generalized linear models, cluster analysis, latent class analysis, and factor analysis.

Demonstrated command and knowledge of machine learning techniques, including random forests, gradient boosted machines, extreme gradient boosting, and support vector machines.

Knowledge of and experience with contemporary model validation methods, including cross validation and nested cross validation.

Knowledge of databases and database methodology; experience with SQL Server is a plus. NoSQL database experience is preferred but not required.

Knowledge of data warehouse principles, data modeling, and other business intelligence architecture methods is desirable.

Experience with contemporary reporting tools is a must.

Demonstrated knowledge and experience with open source analytics platforms, such as Python and/or R.

Process and model documentation using Markdown or other electronic means.

Physical requirements and work environment:

Office environment – no specific or unusual physical or environmental demands and employees are regularly required to sit, walk, stand, talk, and hear. This position operates in an office environment and requires the frequent use of a computer, telephone, copier, and other standard office equipment.

Does this sound like an opportunity you would like to further explore? Submit an application today!
