Read what people are saying about working here. 

Data Scientist - Performance Systems Engineering - (00053132)

Description

MITRE is a not-for-profit organization that operates research and development centers sponsored by the federal government. We currently operate federally funded research and development centers for Defense & Intelligence, Aviation, Civil Agency Modernization, Homeland Security, US Courts, and Cybersecurity. We offer exceptional benefits, strongly support policies that promote work/life balance, and operate an extensive internal research & development program.

The Systems Performance Engineering Department is seeking a motivated, creative Data Scientist to apply cutting edge tools and techniques to challenging problems facing the US government. This position offers the opportunity to combine systems Engineering with Data Analytics for an evidence based SE approach. You will have the opportunity to learn from seasoned data professionals in a fast paced and dynamic atmosphere. You will have the opportunity to make strategic differences and have real long term impacts. with the ability to make a difference and impact outcomes with solid analysis.

Our department works to solve problems in the public interest, in partnership with the numerous government branches. We also actively conduct independent research of interest in support and conjunction with government and academia partners. Once established, new members of our department have latitude to work on projects of interest to them.

Day to day responsibilities will include:

Applying your innate curiosity and interest in developing research questions and testing hypotheses with open ended tasking.

Working with a spectrum of government sponsors to gain understanding of their challenges, evaluate possible solutions and conduct insightful, actionable analyses.

Being passionate about applying data analytics to real world problems.

Supporting the development and application of a variety of analytical models to sponsor challenges, with a willingness to adapt and learn.

Presenting results in an intuitive, actionable manner that can be understood by all sponsor audiences, regardless of technical expertise.

Qualifications

Required for consideration:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, systems Engineering or other related major.

Must be a US citizen capable of obtaining and maintaining a DoD clearance.

Significant academic concentration in at least one of the following disciplines:

Statistics

Mathematics

Computer Science

Computer Engineering

Excellent written and verbal communication skills

Demonstrated ability to manipulate large datasets

Experience with analytic tools such as Python, SAS, MATLAB, JavaScript, R, Java

Data Visualization tools such as Tableau, OBIEE, C#, JQuery

Ability to formulate complex algorithms and process to solve complex data problems

Preference will be given to candidates with desired experience including:

Undergraduate research experience is a plus

Academic/ project experience working with databases (e.g., Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, MongoDB)

Software Development experience in a shared environment leveraging tools such as GIT

Primary Location: United States-Virginia-McLean

Work Locations: Washington 22102

Job: SW Eng, Comp Sci & Mathematics

This requisition requires a clearance of: None

Job Posting: Apr 10, 2019, 7:49:47 PM

 Politicians try to engineer a better government, but MITRE governs the country's best engineering. A private, not-for-profit organization...
