Data Scientist -Azure-New York City Location: New York, NY Technology: Azure Big Data Job Type: Full Time Permanent Date Posted: April 10, 2019 *AZURE EXPERIENCE REQUIRED* Data Scientist Role & Responsibilities: Design, deploy and maintain statistical, predictive and data mining models to translate data into meaningful insights and recommendations across my clients financial, operational and strategic business functionalities. Implement advanced data visualizations to answer key business questions by using quantitative and qualitative techniques on our various data sources related with labor, finance, supplier and clients. Interface with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, tailor the delivery and communicate the results to business unites to drive key business decisions. Drive the collection of new data sources and the refinement of existing data source Produce dynamic data driven analytic and predictive solutions to support the strategic goals of the company. Data Scientist Required Experience & Qualifications: Familiar with Hadoop, Spark or other Big Data Platforms Familiar with Cloud-based Machine Learning platforms such as Azure ML or Spark MLib etc. Familiar with data visualization and exploration tools, such as Tableau and Power BI Experience with building and deploying Machine Learning models on Microsoft Azure Experience with Databricks Environment Experience with writing SQL queries on structured and unstructured data sets Proficiency in statistical packages and standard libraries in Python and R Proficiency with Machine Learning Algorithms (supervised and unsupervised) Familiar with connecting different types of datasets in various forms and can handle potentially incomplete data sources Benefits: Unlimited PTO Regular in-office social events, happy hours, etc. 401K match program (4%) Health/Medical/Dental benefits Open vacation policy If you or someone you know is interested in this position, please send your resume directly to b.toth@nigelfrank.com or call (Brittany Toth) 212-731-8282. My client is looking to start the interview process as soon as possible. Nigel Frank International is the global leader for Microsoft recruitment, advertising more Azure roles than any other agency. We deal with both Microsoft Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the Azure market I have built relationships with most of the key employers in The Greater New York area and have a complete understanding of where the best Azure opportunities are
