Job Title Data Scientist Position Overview Position Objective The data scientist is responsible for modeling complex business problems and discovering business insights through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining, and visualization techniques.  The data scientist contributes to building and developing the organization’s data infrastructure as it relates to Workforce Analytics with insights, management reports, and analysis for decision making processes. Responsibilities •        Establish strong cross-functional relationships to fully understand the business and factors of success in the industry. •        Translates business needs into analytics to support business decisions and workflows. •        Proactively mines data warehouses to identify trends and patterns and generates insights for business units and senior leadership. •        Performs large scale experimentation to identify hidden relationships between variables in large datasets. •        Visualizes information and develops engaging presentations on the results of data analysis using data visualization tools •        Supports user experience specialists and information architects to enhance information visualization through development of dashboards and user interfaces. •        Strong programming skills using R and/or Python. Requirements: •        Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics •        Masters Degree Preferred •        Ability to help generate relevant workforce/talent analytics to further business and HR strategic initiatives and priorities •        Ability to synthesize large amounts of data and identify key trends •        Ability to present data in a logical, concise manner •        Ability to explain data and metrics to a non-technical audience •        Project management and Facilitation skills Required Competencies:   •       Demonstrate Strategic Influence •       Effective Decisions •       Drive Innovation •       Customer Orientation Work Shift 8 hour, day shift Our Nation’s veterans bring an extraordinary array of skills and training to any position. Shaw actively works to understand how these skills can translate to our job categories.Shaw will consider an applicant’s military service and work experience when determining whether a candidate meets the requirements of a posted job.  Shaw values Diversity & Inclusion. We are an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Veterans & Disabled.
