Beacon Hill Technologies is looking for a data scientist here in Nashville. This position will be responsible for advanced statistical analytics and creating algorithms for a high volume of financial data sets coming from a variety of sources. The ideal candidate will have 3+ years of experience in a data science or advanced analytics and have a strong background working on advanced statistical models, Bayesian learning techniques and other advanced topics such as decision trees, neural networks and machine learning. Hands-on experience with machine learning tools such as SAS, METLAB or Python would be a plus as well as general development languages would be a huge plus. This is a great opportunity to join a large financial institution and grow your data science career. Apply now to learn more! Required Skills: Must have 3+ years experience in a data science or advanced data analytics role The ideal candidate will have advanced knowledge of statistical methods, Bayesian learning techniques and pattern recognition Experience with machine learning tools: MATLAB, Python, SAS Ability to work with large volume data sets from a variety of sources Hands-on experience with big data technologies such as Hadoop, Teradata, MAPS etc. Excellent communication skills both written and verbal to convey complex technical information Desired Skills: Masters Degree in statistics, math, computer science or related field Development languages such as C/C++, java, C#, SQL, Perl and shell scripting Reporting tools Tableau, Qlik or Lumira Find Us on Facebook! Follow Us on Twitter! Beacon Hill is an Equal Opportunity Employer that values the strength diversity brings to the workplace. Individuals with Disabilities and Protected Veterans are encouraged to apply. Company Profile: Beacon Hill Technologies, a premier National Information Technology Staffing Group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct (permanent), contract-to-direct and project basis. Beacon Hill Technologies' dedicated team of recruiting and staffing experts consistently delivers quality IT professionals to solve our customers' technical and business needs. Beacon Hill Technologies covers a broad spectrum of IT positions, including Project Management and Business Analysis, Programming/Development, Database, Infrastructure, Quality Assurance, Production/Support and ERP roles. Learn more about Beacon Hill Staffing Group and our specialty divisions, Beacon Hill Associates, Beacon Hill Financial, Beacon Hill HR, Beacon Hill Legal, Beacon Hill Pharma and Beacon Hill Technologies by visiting www.beaconhillstaffing.com. We look forward to working with you. Beacon Hill. Employing the Future™
