The Allstate Corporation is the largest publicly held personal lines property and casualty insurer in America. Allstate was founded in 1931 and became a publicly traded company in 1993. We are listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol ALL. Allstate is widely known through the "You're In Good Hands With Allstate ®" slogan. As of year-end 2013, Allstate had $123.5 billion in total assets. In 2014 Allstate was number 92 on the Fortune 500 list of largest companies in America. Where good people build rewarding careers. Think that working in the insurance field can’t be exciting, rewarding and challenging? Think again. You’ll help us reinvent protection and retirement to improve customers’ lives. We’ll help you make an impact with our training and mentoring offerings. Here, you’ll have the opportunity to expand and apply your skills in ways you never thought possible. And you’ll have fun doing it. Join a company of individuals with hopes, plans and passions, all using and developing our talents for good, at work and in life. Job Description The role is responsible for leading the use of data to build predictive models and make decisions. This role must interpret and understand the Allstate Roadside Services business problems, analyze data requirements, recommend & build appropriate  predictive models , coordinate and execute the projects, and communicate and share the business insights and actions recommend. Assess data and problems across departments to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models. Perform Data exploration, hypothesis creation, testing algorithms, scaling to large data-sets and validating results that deliver powerful insights into our data that can be used as a competitive advantage in our Network Operations, Call Centers, Claims, and more Key Responsibilities Build best-in-class predictive models and decision tools to address Allstate Roadside Services business needs by leveraging state-of-the-art machine learning and statistical algorithms Identify new areas of data, research and build predictive models to improve  Network Operations Work on data and problems across ARS departments to drive improved business results through designing, building, and partnering to implement models Manage data and data requests to improve the accuracy of our data and decisions made from data analysis Use and learn a wide variety of tools and languages to achieve results (e.g., Business Objects, Tableau, R, SAS, Python, Hadoop, Oracle) Use best practices to develop statistical, machine learning techniques to build models that address business needs Develop frameworks/prototypes that integrate data and machine learning/predictive modeling to make business Collaborate with outside business units in order to improve the effectiveness of business decisions through the use of data and machine learning/predictive modeling Effectively understand the business problems and requirements to identify the optimal modeling approach Communicate findings to ensure models are well understood and incorporated into business processes Utilize effective project planning techniques to break down complex projects into tasks, manage scope of projects, and ensure deadlines are kept Work with stakeholders to ensure the project will meet their needs Identify and develop data sources to solve business problems Manage various analytical and modeling projects with small number of team members Review, evaluate, and make recommendations on appropriateness of techniques to senior leadership Influence business partners and senior leadership on the effectiveness of machine learning/predictive modeling to solve their business problems Maximize personal professional development to ensure continuation of a personal contribution to the team and Allstate Job Qualifications Master’s or PhD preferred in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, computer science, finance, or economics Proven experience in using statistical modeling and/or machine learning techniques to build models that have driven company decision making Must be technically proficient, mathematically agile, business savvy and good at commu­nicating Proven experience in managing and manipulating large, complex datasets Proven experience in working with statistical software such as SAS, SPSS, MatLab, R, CART, etc. Working business knowledge of Roadside Services particularly Network Operations, Call Centers, and Claims Understanding of the Insurance market place; economics and regulation preferred Proven ability to code and develop prototypes in languages such as Python, SQL, Perl, Shell Scripts, C, Java Proven ability to code and develop prototypes in reporting tools such as Business Objects, Tableau Proven knowledge of advanced modeling technique Ability to train, develop, and teach more junior modelers Ability to analyze and interpret moderate to complex concepts  Ability to provide written and oral interpretation of highly specialized terms and data, and ability to present this data to others with different levels of expertise Ability to lead a project team of various skills levels Ability to manage a wide range of loosely defined moderate to complex situations, which require application of creativity and originality, where guidance and counsel may be unavailable The candidate(s) offered this position will be required to submit to a background investigation, which includes a drug screen. Good Work. Good Life. Good Hands®. As a Fortune 100 company and industry leader, we provide a competitive salary – but that’s just the beginning. Our Total Rewards package also offers benefits like tuition assistance, medical and dental insurance, as well as a robust pension and 401(k). Plus, you’ll have access to a wide variety of programs to help you balance your work and personal life -- including a generous paid time off policy. Learn more about life at Allstate. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn or watch a video. Allstate generally does not sponsor individuals for employment-based visas for this position. Effective July 1, 2014, under Indiana House Enrolled Act (HEA) 1242, it is against public policy of the State of Indiana and a discriminatory practice for an employer to discriminate against a prospective employee on the basis of status as a veteran by refusing to employ an applicant on the basis that they are a veteran of the armed forces of the United States, a member of the Indiana National Guard or a member of a reserve component.  For jobs in San Francisco, please click "here" for information regarding the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.  For jobs in Los Angeles, please click "here" for information regarding the Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance. It is the policy of Allstate to employ the best qualified individuals available for all jobs without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity/gender expression, disability, and citizenship status as a veteran with a disability or veteran of the Vietnam Era.
