Position Summary: The Senior Vice President, Chief Data Scientist (CDS) position is a full-time employment opportunity. Company is seeking an experienced and high performing CDS to join our fast-paced team as we transform online education. The CDS will report directly to the CEO and have a primary focus on designing and executing a strategy that leverages the power of analytics and insights to change lives through education. Essential Job Duties: Driving data-driven decision making and harnessing the power of Machine Learning, Analytics Data and Technology to improve student outcomes, help clients achieve their goals and deliver superior performance for the business Identify areas of opportunity, develop the business cases, marshal the capabilities required, and move the organization to successful implementation Develop and lead a team of both internal and external resources to design and implement data and analytical environments Boldly innovate in tools, techniques, methods, and technologies to drive analytical insights Be on the forefront of analytical techniques in Education, Marketing, Operations, and HR Communicate value to the organization, develop sound business cases and build consensus on the need to act Drive implementation of operational changes required to realize value from work Knowledge: Variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks Advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications In statistical and data mining techniques: GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. ' 'Experience: Query databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc., using web services: Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc. Creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. Analyzing data from 3rd party providers: Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc. Distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. Visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc. Using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets Preferred Relevant Experience: 15+ years of direct work experience with a record of successfully operationalizing analytical insight to drive business performance 12+ years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models 10+ years in a senior leadership role in related management or business development role Strong foundation in Statistical Analysis, Business, Marketing, Finance and Operations Successful track record of productizing and delivering analytics as a service to clients Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development Background in e-commerce, banking, insurance, consumer-facing financial services business or management consulting Advanced degrees in related fields. Candidates with Doctoral Degree Education:  Bachelor’s Degree, or equivalent experience, certifications, or military service required Master’s and Doctoral degrees’ a plus
