CHENEGA PROFESSIONAL & TECHNICAL SERVICES, LLC   Company Job Title: Data Scientist–FDA-ORS Chenega Job Title:   Clearance: Public Trust Location: Silver Spring, MD Reports To: Program Manager FLSA Status: Regular, Full Time, Exempt Prepared Date: 3-27-2019 Approved Date: 3-27-2019     ***THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT UPON CONTRACT AWARD***   Summary: Chenega Professional and Technical Services, LLC (CPTS) is seeking a Data Scientist to support the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER), Office of Generic Drugs (OGD), Office of Research and Standards (ORS).  The Data Scientist shall develop data analytics tools that automates data retrieval from multiple resources in different locations and performs data analysis including artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML) and nature language processing (NLP), aiming at facilitating drug application review.  The developed tool can be used for enhancing the (abbreviated new drug application) ANDA review efficiency for the oral solid dosage form products.  The Data Scientist will provide expertise on data management and data analytics including artificial intelligence/machine learning (AI/ML).   Duties and Responsibilities: (Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position) Understand the full ANDA review process and definite valid tangible functions (e.g., automatically filling the standard summary review table by extracting information from different forms of application materials and conducting bioequivalence statistical testing). Construct datasets for analysis.  Based on the defined functions, the data scientist shall work with reviewers to collect relevant datasets for the relevant analysis. Develop software tools/apps to realize the targeted utilities.  AI/ML/NLP may be utilized for text mining and generation, as well as other quantitative needs. Validate/test the developed software/app performance.  Based on established datasets, both internal and external validations shall be performed to ensure the scope and generalization ability of developed functions. Deliver software and provide training sessions.  The Data Scientist is expected to effectively communicate with the software/app users from other disciplines. Make necessary changes for the software/app based on users’ assessment and feedback. Wrap up work with clean codes with sufficient documentation and instructions; Communicate work via scientific presentations and publications. Other duties as assigned.   Minimum Qualifications: (To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.) MD or Ph.D. in biology, chemistry, engineering, microbiology, pharmaceutics, physics, statistics, botanicals or related field. Preferred 8 years of experience in biopharmaceutical manufacturing, quality analytics, biotechnology research and development or other area relevant research program.   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Experience working on similar text analysis projects. Knowledge and expertise in artificial intelligence, machine learning and nature language processing. Expertise in using programming languages (e.g., Python, R, Java or C ) to implement the targeted functions. Experience in constructing and managing databases.   Physical Demands: (The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.) While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is regularly required to sit and talk or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.   Work Environment: (The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.) The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. During visits to areas of operations, may be exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions.  Is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.   Chenega Corporation and family of companies is an EOE. Equal Opportunity Employer Minorities/Women/Veterans/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity Native preference under PL 93-638. We participate in the E-Verify Employment Verification Program. M#
