Grainger is a broad line, business-to-business distributor of maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) supplies and other related products and services. More than 3.2 million businesses and institutions worldwide rely on Grainger for products such as safety gloves, ladders, motors and janitorial supplies, along with services like inventory management and technical support. These customers represent a broad collection of industries including commercial, government, healthcare and manufacturing. They place orders online, on mobile devices, through sales representatives, over the phone and at local branches. Approximately 5,000 suppliers provide Grainger with more than 1.6 million products stocked in Grainger’s distribution centers and branches worldwide. Primary Function Data Science application areas span across E-commerce Search, Recommender Systems, Inventory Optimization Solutions etc.  Projects often encompass research, problem solving, model development, testing, scaling and implementing in production. You will learn to do all of this and more.  As a Data Scientist at Grainger you will be doing hands-on work for some of the organization’s most important priorities for the next few years. You will help develop embedded solutions using statistical, machine learning and deep learning methodologies, that aid the business in transforming processes into more efficient ones or creating new ones, powered by ML and AI solutions.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities Conduct analysis that’s actionable  Build code that’s maintainable and re-usable Design, validate and evaluate Data Mining and Machine Learning solutions using Python, SQL and other programming tools Transform data into actionable insights and recommendations, and present clear and concise results Required Qualifications: 2+ years of experience with Python/R including school coursework, work and personal projects Bachelors in relevant field (computer science, engineering, mathematics) 1+ years of relevant work experience Preferred Education and Experience Be a doer, experimenter, learner and succinct communicator Be a team player Skills to work with large, complex, and disparate data (accessing, connecting, and analyzing) Demonstrable proficiency in coding (Python, R) and programming concepts Experience in working with version control tools like GitHub/Bitbucket and writing shell scripts Ability to handle multiple priorities against deadlines Curiosity, enthusiasm, positive attitude and passion to build. Willingness to learn and research new concepts Excellent written and verbal communication skills EEOC Statement Grainger is an Equal Opportunity Workplace and an Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status.
