Overview ACT is a nonprofit organization helping people achieve educational and workplace success.  Our programs are designed to boost lifelong learning in schools and workplaces around the world. Whether it's guiding students along their learning paths, enabling companies to develop their workforce, fostering parent, teacher, and counselor understanding of student progress, guiding job seekers toward career success, or informing policymakers about education and workforce issues. ACT is passionate about making a difference in all we do. Learn more about working at ACT at act.org! Responsibilities Position Objective: Are you passionate about building AI solutions for complex and interesting problems? Do you have experience working with cutting-edge natural language processing, machine learning and deep learning frameworks to automatically evaluate text? If so, we would like to talk with you about joining the research team at ACT as a summer intern to help people achieve education and workplace success. ACT has an opening for a Research Data Scientist Summer Intern in our Data Science and Analytics group. This position will use their natural language processing and machine learning expertise to prototype methods to detect disturbing content in ACT's automated scoring engine, CRASE. Project Work Description: When automated scoring engines are used to evaluate student responses, it is often requested that the engine flags responses that contain disturbing content (e.g. indication of harm to self or others). This ensures that any responses containing disturbing content are escalated in a timely and appropriate manner. The Research Data Scientist Intern will use their natural language processing and machine learning expertise to prototype and evaluate CRASE models to automatically detect disturbing content. Typical work-related activities include: Explore methods for detecting disturbing content (e.g. conduct literature reviews and review past ACT model prototypes) Prototype and evaluate production quality models to automatically detect disturbing content. Collaborate cross-functionally to evaluate model performance. Document model performance and present findings to internal stakeholders. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications: Education:  Education Level: Pursuing Graduate or Doctoral degree Program(s) of Study: Computer Science, Machine Learning, Data Science, or a Related Quantitative Discipline   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: Required: Strong grasp of Python including the pandas library Experience performing natural language processing in Python Experience developing machine learning and deep learning algorithms Experience evaluating the effectiveness of machine learning and deep learning algorithms Exposure to machine learning and deep learning libraries in Python (like SciKit Learn, TensorFlow, etc.) Motivation to use machine learning to address real issues Strong problem-solving capabilities Ability to communicate technical ideas clearly in written English Experience communicating technical information to both technical and non-technical audiences Willingness to work collaboratively to solve problems Desired: Experience working with Jupyter Notebooks Interest in automated scoring Experience or interest in the education industry
