Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Dani Schlarmann, will get back to you with more details!

   
  
            A bit about us:                  
   
        Based in New York, NY we      are a fast-growing startup that is revolutionizing how machine learning algorithms are implemented within the world of sports. We are creating a unique and cutting edge statistical algorithms to take live betting to the next level. We are looking for a talented Data Scientist to join our team of highly passionate engineers, entrepreneurs, and executives.  
   
              
   
        If you are an Data Scientist with experience in statistics, machine learning, data structures and algorithms, then please      read on….            
   
              
   
  
            What can we do for you?      
                  
      Competitive Salary  
 
  Top Tier Benefits  
 
  Progressive work-space  
  
  
            Is your background a        fit? We are looking for…                 
   
        BS/MS/PhD in a related Quantitative Field plus:     
            Previous Startup Experience   
 
  Ability to apply statistical techniques to analyze data in a real world setting.  
 
  Implementing machine learning algorithms, and continuously improving them for better accuracy  
 
  Experience writing production worthy code to add to the data science research framework for any models designed  
 
  Strong knowledge of statistics, AI/machine learning algorithms, and pattern recognition techniques.  
 
  Mastery of Python, SQL, R, and related data processing languages.  
 

  
  
            Why join us?                 
   
        We can offer you the      opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art technology and make a      meaningful and important impact on how betting works in the sports industry.  
  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             New York, NY 10119 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000008516977
