FEDERATED INVESTORS, INC.  
  LEAD DATA SCIENTIST  
Federated Investors, Inc. (NYSE: FII) one of the largest investment managers in the United States, is seeking a  Lead Data Scientist  to join our Advanced Analytics and Business Intelligence department located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 &nbsp;  
 What can you expect?   
Work with the Latest Technologies  
You will work on machine learning algorithms and mathematical models on the Azure platform. You will also get a chance to work on some of the latest technologies in the data science field including the Azure Cloud and Advanced Analytics Platform, Spark via Databricks, Azure Cognitive Services, and Tableau / PowerBI.  
Utilization of your Data Science Skill Sets  
You should be experienced developing algorithms, mathematical models and cognitive capabilities that interact with other software and analytical components that run autonomously with minimal human supervision.  
Build Strong Partnerships  
You will be asked to work with our business partners and domain experts to understand what they want to solve. Then, apply data science capabilities to help us overcome the hardest challenges, breakdown the data silos, connect the disparate parts and champion the data-driven culture.  
The Art of Data Science  
You can be the best data scientist, but if you cannot communicate your research no one may ever know. Data storytelling will be a critical part of your day to day activities. You should expect to assemble the data science tools and models and apply them to data to answer the relevant questions &ndash; and communicate that answer in a way a non-data scientist will understand. 
&nbsp; 
 Position summary:   
Leverage and synthesize large volumes of data by applying data science concepts, machine learning algorithms and advanced analytics research. 
Build new analytical solutions which inform our business partners and enhance our business processes within Sales and Marketing. 
Explore, prototype and execute advanced analytic models to support specific business questions, solutions or initiatives.  
 
Requirements Include:   
Bachelor degree in STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) related field required; Master degree in data science, machine learning, computer science, applied mathematics, statistics, and/or a related advanced analytics field preferred 
Minimum 2 &ndash; 3 years of related experience, including professional or project based academic experience, using data science concepts, mathematical modeling, algorithm development and computational tools on a variety of platforms, frameworks, and methodologies (i.e. R, Python, Spark (PySpark), Hadoop, etc.) required 
Experience working with large datasets including data analysis workflows required; Familiarity with varying database structures required 
Proficiency with data visualization technology and capabilities required 
Experience with data tools and advanced analytic capabilities in the Azure cloud preferred  
&nbsp; 
&nbsp; 
Since 1955, millions of investors in the United States and around the globe have relied on Federated Investors, Inc. (NYSE: FII) for world-class investment management. With approximately $460 billion in assets under management, our investment solutions span domestic and international equity, fixed income, alternative and money market strategies. 

Federated Investors, Inc. offers a competitive salary and benefits package along with a professional environment. 

For additional information about Federated Investors, Inc. go to:  www.federatedinvestors.com   
&nbsp; 
For additional information about this opportunity go to: 
 https://careers.federatedinvestors.com/psp/PSEXT/EMPLOYEE/HRMS/c/HRS_HRAM.HRS_APP_SCHJOB.GBL?Page=HRS_APP_JBPST&amp;Action=U&amp;FOCUS=Applicant&amp;SiteId=11&amp;JobOpeningId=7601&amp;PostingSeq=1  
Only those candidates in whom we have an interest will be contacted. EOE 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Pittsburgh, PA 15222 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         3 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Financial Services 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         7601
