ROLE SUMMARY   
The Digital Health Data Scientist supports Digital Medicine & Translational Imaging projects from inception to completion by leveraging her/his technical expertise. S/he guides the selection of devices, writes code to ingest data from these devices, implements the pipelines for bringing together data from multiple sources and develops novel digital biomarkers by using advanced signal processing and machine learning techniques. 

The Digital Health Data Scientist is a key member of the Digital Medicine team and partners closely with the scientific and clinical team members, applying technical, software development and analytics knowledge to support the research, development and deployment of digital biomarkers in clinical trials. 




ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES     
Use structured and unstructured data to develop digital biomarkers by implementing novel signal processing and machine learning workflows 
Engineer and extract features from raw data that capture clinically relevant aspects of disease symptoms 
Develop software tools and scripts at scale to support data analysis and interpretation pipelines 
Present and discuss findings with project teams, support iterative solutions development and scientific research 
Integrate and summarize large-scale data and information across multiple scientific, translational, and clinical domains 
Communicate effectively with team members, experts and regulatory authorities 
Function in the matrix of both project-centric and discipline-centric expectations  




QUALIFICATIONS    


Training & Education    
BS in Biomedical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or a similar technical field with 3 years of experience; MS preferred  


Skills    
Strong background in data science, signal processing and machine learning 
Skilled at implementing ideas in Python, R or MATLAB 
Excellent communication (written and verbal) and presentation skills 
Experience with analysis of data from wearable devices with motion (e.g. accelerometer, gyroscope) and physiological (e.g. ECG, EMG) sensors is a plus 
Knowledge of human biomechanics and/or physiology is a plus  

 
Sunshine Act   
  Pfizer reports payments and other transfers of value to health care providers as required by federal and state transparency laws and implementing regulations.  These laws and regulations require Pfizer to provide government agencies with information such as a health care provider’s name, address and the type of payments or other value received, generally for public disclosure.  Subject to further legal review and statutory or regulatory clarification, which Pfizer intends to pursue, reimbursement of recruiting expenses for licensed physicians may constitute a reportable transfer of value under the federal transparency law commonly known as the Sunshine Act.  Therefore, if you are a licensed physician who incurs recruiting expenses as a result of interviewing with Pfizer that we pay or reimburse, your name, address and the amount of payments made currently will be reported to the government.  If you have questions regarding this matter, please do not hesitate to contact your Talent Acquisition representative.    

 
EEO & Employment Eligibility    
 Pfizer is committed to equal opportunity in the terms and conditions of employment for all employees and job applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, gender identity or gender expression, national origin, disability or veteran status.  Pfizer also complies with all applicable national, state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment as well as work authorization and employment eligibility verification requirements of the Immigration and Nationality Act and IRCA.  Pfizer is an E-Verify employer.  
N (Other) (United States of America)

         Pfizer is an equal opportunity employer and complies with all applicable equal employment opportunity legislation in each jurisdiction in which it operates.           

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Cambridge, MA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         4 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4903_4744665
