Do you want to make an impact on how decisions are made by Engineering teams? If you love statistics, data, analysis, and influencing teams on how to run experiments then look no further. This team, provides insights through data that drive decision-making for our engineering and product teams. We are looking for a Data Scientist that can derive valuable insights from the data we collect. Key Qualifications * 2 or more years relevant industry experience preferred. * Background in statistical methods for AB Testing. * Excellent applied statistics skills, such as hypothesis testing, experimental design, sample size determination and non-parametric statistics. * Experience with Big Data systems and distributed computing, such as Hadoop preferred. * Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, pandas, dplyr, NumPy, etc. * Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGplot, Tableau Dashboards, etc. * Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, and SparkSQL. * Experience with Scala, Spark, or Python plus. * Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain findings in layman terms. * Able to communicate results and ideas to key decision makers. Description You will design and execute online experiments (A/B tests) and offline experiments (human relevance judgment) that help us improve and fine tune our data focused features (Search, Recommendations, etc.). Your primary focus will be on applying statistical methods, develop A/B testing procedures, and automating data pipelines to develop new metrics. In this role you will: - Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. - Investigate new data sources that can extend and improve our insights. - Work with software engineering teams to improve data collection procedures. - Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis. - Doing ad-hoc analysis and promptly presenting results in a clear manner. - Generate reports (that can be automated) to present key insights to partners across a variety of teams. - Designing experiments that will measure and test for key performance indicators. - Creativity in formulating statistical questions to address business needs. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company.
