Job Description/Overview: 

The Global Data Insight and Analytics (GDI&A) Product Analytics team supports Ford's Product Development organization with analytical solutions. We are looking for a data scientist with expertise in Machine and Statistical Learning. As a member of this dynamic team, you will have the opportunity to work with some of the brightest global subject matter experts in product development and vehicle connectivity who are transforming the automobile industry. We are seeking a Machine Learning scientist to assist in all phases of ongoing and future projects, including problem formulation, model development, and deployment for use in support of Ford Design, Product Development, and Connectivity initiatives. The job candidate should have great autonomy, exceptional collaboration skills, and self-discipline to conduct original research and choose appropriate methodologies to solve related problems. We are especially excited about candidates with a strong technical mindset who demonstrate a passion for learning and applying state-of-the-art solutions to novel and challenging problems.

Ford GDI&A - situated in greater Detroit, Palo Alto, Chennai, Europe, and China - is a growing team committed to enabling Ford to better understand business, know our customers, and act in a meaningful way. We enable evidence-based decision making by providing timely, actionable, and forward-looking insights to our Ford business partners. Together, our team works to understand our changing world, identify new opportunities, and take actions to design and innovate for the future of mobility - Ford's vehicles and surrounding experiences.

 Responsibilities: 

 
Analyze source data and data flows, working with both structured and unstructured data 
Manipulate high-volume, high-dimensional data from a variety of sources to identify value-generating patterns, anomalies, relationships, and trends 
Collaborate with Product Development experts to understand their requirements and overall business needs 
Develop and apply Machine Learning solutions to address real-world automotive and mobility challenges 
Communicate and present model insights to business customers and executives 
Collaborate internally and externally to identify new and novel data sources and explore their potential use in developing actionable business results 
Explore emerging technologies and analytic solutions for use in quantitative model development  
 Job Requirements: 

 Basic Qualifications: 

 
Master's degree in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or Physics 
2+ years of experience with Machine Learning methods and tools, including but not limited to: deep neural networks, linear and nonlinear regression, classification, tree-based models, and clustering 
2+ years of experience in at least one of the following languages: Python, R, MATLAB, Java, C/C++/C#, SAS  
 Preferred Qualifications: 

 
PhD in a quantitative field such as Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, or Physics 
2+ years of experience with SQL, Spark, OR Hadoop 
1+ year of post-graduate work experience (in a business or post-doc setting) involving complex quantitative modeling and analysis in any of the areas mentioned under Basic Qualifications 
Demonstrated ability in the application of Machine Learning to real-world industrial settings with large scale data 
Experience with high-performance Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Theano, Caffe, Caffe2, or MXNet 
Experience with version control systems such as Git 
Strong oral, written, and interpersonal communication skills and an ability to work in a collaborative team setting 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced and innovative environment where problems are not always well-defined  
The distance between imagination and ... creation. It can be measured in years of innovation, or in moments of brilliance. When you join the Ford team discover all the benefits, rewards and development opportunities you'd expect from a diverse global leader. You'll become part of a team that is already leading the way, with ingenious solutions and attainable products - and it is always ready to go further.

Visa sponsorship may be available for this position.

Ford Motor Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to a culturally diverse workforce. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability status or protected veteran status.

 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Dearborn, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         1455
