At A Glance If you’re a motivated… Rising Junior or above Graduate-level student You have a 3.0 GPA or higher seeking a degree in one of the following majors listed below from an accredited four-year university: Computer Information Systems Data Science Economics Engineering— Computer Science, Software Development, Coding, Programming Network Engineering Management Information Systems Statistics— Advanced Analytics, Modeling This is a learning-intensive program designed to give you essential business insights and hands-on experience in your field of choice. It’s a full-time, 10-week commitment from May 29, 2019 through August 2, 2019. Benefits include professional development sessions, networking opportunities, and mentorship. Spend a productive summer with Spectrum You have clear aspirations and are seeking a summer internship program that will help you meet them. Find it at Spectrum, named one of the Top 100 Internship Programs in the United States by WayUp. Our internships are designed to provide first-rate, hands-on experience in the telecommunications industry. We offer opportunities to gain new skills and elevate the ones you already have, all in a robust and forward-thinking business setting. We’ll connect you with people who can give you a better understanding of the industry and help you accomplish real goals you can add to your résumé. The mentorship opportunities and proximity to leadership are benefits with far-reaching potential in your professional education. It’s about learning and growing You’re dedicated, and that means your time as much as your effort. This 10-week, 40hr/week internship offers exposure to real-world business. As a Spectrum Intern, you’ll be essential to two teams — your respective department and your Intern peer group. Partner with other accomplished and dedicated interns on research and cross-functional projects. You’ll have an opportunity contribute real value and meaning to the larger organization. Department and team-focused projects account for about 80% of your schedule. You’ll spend the other 20% on professional development sessions and networking activities, including the Kickoff Conference on May 29 and 30, webinars, community service, and final presentations. As part of a peer community, you’ll contribute to cross-functional group projects, and should be ready to take on new projects as they come up. What you can expect in this role Churn Reduction Project: Use predictive modeling techniques to score customer's propensity to disconnect services based on usage behavior, demographics, etc. Fraud Prevention Project: Analyze password sharing activities across video apps Use model to score customer's propensity to share password Call Reduction Project: Use predictive modeling techniques to score customer's propensity to call customer service based on usage behavior, demographics, etc. Built tools that provide customer service group with more customer information to assist in customer service activities A/B Testing: Analyze results of A/B testing experiments on customer facing apps and portals Here’s what it takes to get started Skills and experience required for this role include: Ability to travel locally to Spectrum Intern development events and activities throughout the program Housing and transportation; these are not provided by Spectrum Analytical skills Business Analysis Coding, programming Database query languages Data science and analytics Hadoop, Kafka Internet of Things, future technology, smart home technology Operations research Organizational skills Oral and written skills Predictive modeling, machine learning Problem solving skills Scripting and reporting Tableau Technical analytical tools such as VBA, SQL, SAS Works well in a team environment Works well independently Predictive model/ machine learning/ data science/ analytics are most important skills
