Overview The Joint and Air Force Analysis Group provides analytic support to the Air Force (AF), Joint, and Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) clients. Our work includes the recapitalization efforts within the nuclear enterprise. Our expertise includes DoD policy, acquisition, systems engineering, financial management, Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System (JCIDS), architecture development, and program protection. We provide quantitative war gaming analysis, deployment schedule optimization, and scenario analysis to support resource allocation decisions, military operations, and joint training assessments. Responsibilities This position is part of a team that will support the new USSTRATCOM NEC A&A division in the governance of the NC3 Analytic Framework, Data Strategy, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Strategy, Modeling and Simulation, and the NC3 Enterprise Federated Lab: Team duties include: Ensure that across the NC3 Enterprise, stakeholders will characterize their assessment and analytic activities in relation to the analytic framework and to ensure that these assessment and analytic efforts support overall NEC mission goals and objectives. The Analytic Framework shall provide a centralized vision and foundation to CDRSTRATCOM facilitate risk management decisions in a consistent and coordinated manner. Ensure that across the NC3 Enterprise, stakeholders will treat data as a strategic asset that supports overall mission goals and comprehensively address all data-related functions and objectives, including data management, data governance, and analytics. Identify, coordinate and configure modeling and simulation capabilities that shall support NEC training, operational assessments, exercises, wargaming, engineering, experimentation, concept development, demonstrations, prototyping and alternate futures analysis and other NEC functions lacking dedicated modeling and simulation support. Ensure that across the NC3 Enterprise, stakeholders will develop and design Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning capabilities that support overall mission goals and comprehensively address all the standards related to the design, development, and responsible employment of these capabilities. NC3 Enterprise Federated Lab is a measurable and actionable plan to implement across the DoD an interoperable lab environment that will support the conduct of live, virtual, or constructive assessments for NC3 EC training, exercises, wargaming, engineering, experimentation, concept development, demonstrations, prototyping and alternate futures analysis and other NC3 EC functions requiring a lab environment for execution. Conducted tasks shall ensure that across the NC3 Enterprise, stakeholders will have the means to design and operate nodes that comprise the Enterprise Federated Lab; and ensure the management and oversight of a local node. Qualifications Required A team of Subject Matter Experts (SME) supporting the USSTRATCOM Nuclear Command and Control Communications (NC3) Enterprise Center (NEC) Analysis and Assessments (A&A) Division must jointly provide the qualifications below. Individuals with experience in one or more of these areas are encouraged to apply for consideration in the overall team makeup. Data Engineering - At least 5 years’ experience in: Developing, constructing, testing, and maintaining architectures, such as databases and large-scale processing systems; deriving trends in data sets and developing algorithms to help make raw data more useful to the enterprise. Experience with SQL database design and multiple programming languages to prepare data for analytical or operational use; and capability to communicate requirements and data trends across departments and the enterprise; understand how to optimize data retrieval. Data Science: At least 5 years’ experience in using data to operate analytics programs and conduct statistical methods for developing data to use in predictive and prescriptive modeling; experience in examining data to determine patterns. Bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or associated field. Additional required qualifications for all SMEs include (must be satisfied by all applicants): Qualitative and quantitative critical thinking skills; Strong technical and analytical skills; Ability to prepare a well-grounded, defensible argument; Understand the interrelationships between domain of expertise and other domains; Ability to communicate effectively, both written and verbal; Strong organizational skills and ability to multi-task; Ability to work independently and as part of a team; Proficient in use of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Powerpoint). A Top Secret (TS) security clearance with eligibility for Sensitive Compartmented Information (SCI), Nuclear Command and Control - Extremely Sensitive Information (NC2-ESI), North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and Special Access Required (SAR) classified material accesses is required. Preferred Qualifications Master’s Degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or associated field desired. Prior experience supporting activities at combatant Command, Joint Staff or Service MAJCOM level, familiarity with USSTRATCOM organization and mission are desirable.
