Are you someone with a passion for data, analytics, insights and technology? Do you want to work on one of the largest data science teams at Microsoft, lighting up actionable insights that drive the key business decisions for the entire Office365 organization?  The Microsoft 365 Insights, Data Engineering & Analytics team (IDEAs), is the central data science team for Office 365 engineering and marketing. We’re looking for a skilled data scientist to help innovate and drive how we measure and improve data quality of our business-critical metrics and datasets using statistical and machine learning methods (i.e. anomaly and outlier detection).   You will be working closely with our data engineering and product engineering teams to define quality standards, detection methods, and drive data system improvements. If you’re passionate about quality, enjoy finding issues that others miss, and using leading edge analysis techniques, this is the position for you! Our overall team plays a key role in providing end-to-end analytics for Office 365, including:  Bringing the relevant data into a central system to create the single version of truth  Creating key metrics, reports and dashboards to support business health Opportunity analysis and hypothesis generation for stages throughout the user lifecycle   Building advanced analytical models (behavior segmentation, churn prediction, purchase propensity, recommendation engine, etc.) that spans engineering, marketing, partners and finance  To be successful in this role, you must be driven, self-directed, entrepreneurial and focused on delivering the right results. You also need to have strong skills in written and oral communications, a can-do attitude and the willingness to tackle hard problems in innovative ways. You also thrive in a team environment that values cross team collaboration and building on the success of others.  Responsibilities Design and implement statistical and ML based methods of detecting data quality issues and anomalies in big datasets Work with data engineering to define data quality standards and consult teams on how to meet those standards Assess the quality and confidence of critical datasets used by customers and executive level metrics Design and implement data quality metrics and provide insights on how the organization can improve them Develop reusable libraries in Python, R, or C# to help automate data quality checks and standardize assessments Communicate with technical and non-technical audiences on data quality issues and initiatives Qualifications Degree in Statistics/Math/Computer Science or related field  1+ year of industry work experience in R, Python implementing statistical models and machine learning models (anomaly detection, classification, clustering, time series prediction, regression models, etc.)  1+ year working with databases and SQL Experience with large scale computing systems like COSMOS, Hadoop, MapReduce, Spark, and/or similar systems preferred  Experience with programming skills, e.g. Java, C# is a plus  Strong written and verbal communication to educate and work with cross functional teams  Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations and ordinances.  We also consider qualified applicants regardless of criminal histories, consistent with legal requirements. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request via the Accommodation request form. Benefits/perks listed below may vary depending on the nature of your employment with Microsoft and the country where you work.
