Job Number: R0052130 Data Scientist, Senior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve a US legislative agency's remote data stores and Sagemaker models. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, deliver computer vision models, network science workflows, provide continuous process improvement and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior leadership make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site bootcamps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -10+ years of experience in a field of quantitative methods, statistics, or analytic methodologies -Experience with data mining and predictive modeling associated with a variety of data types, including time series, spatial point patterns, network or graph, text, and images -Experience with problem formulation, data assessment and preparation, and exploratory analysis -Experience with building, training, deploying, and managing machine learning models -Experience with interpreting, visualizing, and explaining model outputs and methodological suitability -Experience with R or Python, including statistical modeling, supervised and unsupervised machine learning, and graph analytics -Experience in programming and other scripting languages, including Java or JavaScript and Perl, database management systems, such as MySQL, NoSQL, and Neo4, or Cloud computing and containerization, AWS and Docker -TS/SCI clearance -MA or MS degree in Operations Research, Statistics, Data Science, Network Science, Applied Mathematics, or Systems Engineering Nice If You Have: -15+ years of experience in a field of quantitative methods, statistics, analytic methodologies, or related fields -Experience with data mining and predictive modeling with PCAP, Human Trajectory, and Clickstream -Experience with graph theory and network science -Experience with natural language processing -Experience with extreme programming, Agile development, and leading technical, operational, or cross-functional teams -PhD degree -AWS Cloud Certification Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
