What you will do: The Senior Data Scientist mines and analyzes complex data sets using advanced statistical methods for use in data driven decision making. The Senior Data Scientist leads in the production of research and analysis to quantify the impact of internal and external environments on operational performance. This position is responsible for summarizing, reporting, and providing polished presentations of findings to a variety of internal and external users as well as working with other departments to achieve the overall analytical objectives. The data scientist will report results via visualization tools such as power BI and use tools such as R studio, Azure Machine Learning (AML) for algorithmic analysis. He/she will lead and provide technical guidance, and also serve as a mentor to other team members on statistical analysis, predictive analytics and machine learning. How you will do it: Performs research, analysis, and modeling on organizational data (large datasets). Responsible for enterprise-grade statistical solutions (using machine learning and predictive analytics) catering to both internal and external customers. Assists in analyzing key metrics and performing data analysis. Identify and understand business issues and map these issues into quantitative questions Stay involved in all aspects of the program lifecycle from requirements gathering, ideation, data wrangling, hypothesis generation, programming, testing and implementation of new processes and tools. Develops and applies algorithms or models to key business metrics with the goal of improving operations or answering business questions. Provides findings and analysis for users in decision making using visualization tool such as Power BI. Ensures that the delivered products meet the business needs of the company. Partners with and provide recommendations to business leadership on the appropriate application of analytics to business strategies and effectively communicate analysis and implications to senior leadership. Support and drive analytic leadership efforts around machine learning and innovation, business and technology planning, and positive team environment. Contribute to team training materials, reference documents, technical documents and business presentations. Provides leadership, coaching, and/or mentoring to junior data scientists.
