Job Description Researches, designs, develops and/or modifies enterprise-wide systems and/or applications software. Performs data analysis, interpretation, and management duties. Develops rules and methodologies for data collection and analysis Designs, develops, codes, tests, and debugs complex new software products, or makes significant enhancements to existing software. Researches and integrates design strategies, product specifications, development schedules, and user expectations into product capabilities. Resolves complex hardware/software compatibility and interface design considerations. Conducts investigations and tests of considerable complexity. Researches emerging technologies to determine impact on application execution. Provides input to staff involved in writing and updating technical documentation such as user manuals, system documentation, and training materials. Troubleshoots complex problems and provides customer support for software operating systems and application issues. Advises hardware engineers on machine characteristics that affect software systems, such as storage capacity, processing speed, and input/output requirements. Prepares reports on analyses, findings, and project progress. Provides guidance and work leadership to less-experienced software engineers. May serve as a technical team or task leader. Maintains current knowledge of relevant technology as assigned. Participates in special projects as required. Education BA/BS in Computer Science, Engineering or a related technical discipline, or the equivalent combination of education, technical training, or work/military experience. Qualifications 8+ years of related software development experience. Must Have Qualities: Comfortable working using Agile development methodologies and have experience using the Atlassian tool suite (JIRA, Confluence and BitBucket) for documenting work. Some coding experience using popular data analytics languages such as Python, Scala, R, etc Desired Qualities: Familiar with TDF tagging Experience operating in a C2S environment Benefits of this Position: Opportunity for Fast Growth within the program Professional Development Assistance – Covering the Cost of Obtaining Professional & Technical Certifications (depending on program) Educational Reimbursement – toward degree programs and individual coursework 401K Match – with 100% vesting on day one Health, Dental and Vision Coverage to keep you healthy, starting your first day We know work-life balance is important, GDIT offers Paid Time Off, Plus 10 Paid Holidays Parking and transit commuter benefits Why Work at General Dynamics IT? Work with top talent and some of the brightest minds in your field Support missions that make a difference to our Nation Become part of an organization that that is committed to the highest ethical standards in all that we do  Thrive in the stability of a large organization, with the ability to move onto new opportunities, supporting different missions, building your career within GDIT Want to move, or find a job close to home? We have positions in several locations in the United States and the world Enjoy a culture that supports work-life balance General Dynamics is a Fortune Blue Ribbon Company and Clearance Jobs Top 10 Government Contractor. General Dynamics Information Technology solves our customers' challenges through future-focused technology and services, ingenuity and deep mission-knowledge. Partnering with government, defense, the intelligence community, industry leaders and cutting-edge technology companies, we deliver solutions that make a difference – helping our customers to advance mission performance, transform operations and discover opportunities to build a better future. General Dynamics Information Technology, or GDIT, is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other protected class. #DPOST #ISDCJ #GDITChantilly
