Title: Data Scientist Summary: *Data scientist position within the corporate research and development group of a large industrial company. *Develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning, data analytics, AI and optimization algorithms to create new intelligent devices, solutions and services for industrial applications *Develop and deploy data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms. *Evaluate and analyze new tools and recommend data strategy changes as needed *Data engineering - assist in designing and implementing efficient and robust ETL workflows. *Manager interested in staffing the position for 18-24 months. Qualifications: *Master's degree (PhD degree preferred) in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or Computer Science from an accredited institution. *Foundational understanding of advanced machine learning and data analytics techniques such as deep learning, boosting, random forests, SVMs with strong mathematical understanding of the algorithms. *Ability to prototype data analytics algorithms and apply them to create solutions to problems in a variety of domains such as prognostics, asset health management, predictive modeling, forecasting and adaptive systems. *Software development skills in one or more high level languages and/or common machine learning programming tools (e.g. Matlab/Python/R/Weka). *Experience developing and deploying data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Oracle, Hadoop, Spark highly desired *Some industrial experience in building production grade, end-to-end machine learning and data analytics enabled solutions from concept to implementation is highly desired. *Some electrical power system domain knowledge with experience in applying machine learning technologies very desirable Nesco Resource is an equal employment opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristics with respect to employment opportunities.
