Company Overview On any given day, every moment matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, Motorola Solutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people’s lives. We help firefighters see around buildings and police officers see around street corners. We keep utility workers connected and visible to each other with real-time voice and data communication across the smart grid. And we provide the situational awareness first responders need when a moment brings catastrophe. We help people be their best in their moments that matter. Department Description Motorola Solutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people’s lives. Our end-to-end suite of software solutions helps our customers answer thousands of emergency calls and text messages, and process video, disparate evidence and records. Making sense of all this data and building solutions that provide insights that potentially help save lives could be your job. Our software products leverage cutting edge voice technology, language models, natural language understanding and machine learning to enable our customers to focus on what matters while providing faster responses, safer outcomes and greater transparency. Considering our customers' unique "jobs to be done" is a foundational principle of the Chief Technology Office (CTO). Based on their needs, we create solutions by applying our experience in user experience and design, human factors research and artificial intelligence (AI). Software and hardware technology and platform solutions developed by the CTO form the basis of many products and solutions offered by Motorola Solutions. The candidate will join a talented team of data scientists and engineers in the Chief Technology Office at Motorola Solutions working on developing mission-critical AI solutions for our public safety and commercial customers. Our mission is to provide meaningful value to MSI’s customers by developing domain-specific applications and services in the areas of Speech & Audio, Machine Translation, Natural Language Understanding and Computer Vision. Job Description Motorola Solutions’ Data Science & Analytics team is looking for versatile and talented Data Scientists to work in a multidisciplinary team of Data Scientists and Data Engineers with the goal of building the next generation of artificial intelligence solutions for Public Safety. One of our areas of work is in leveraging machine learning to create mission-critical speech and language solutions for a variety of use cases. The candidate will be a part of our Data Science & AI team in the role of a hands-on data scientist responsible for the entire end to end process of data exploration, development, implementation, and maintenance of business-changing models and algorithms. Unlike similar roles in the industry, the result of your work has the potential to impact the entire lifecycle of the public safety workflow impacting people's lives in moments that matter. We’re excited about the work we are doing in AI. We often describe it as “Mission Critical AI” because our approach is founded on our many years of Public Safety experience and knowledge. We know the mission-critical needs of our customers are unique and different from the consumer technologies that leverage AI today. To be considered for the role, please submit a cover letter with a description of the most interesting data analysis you’ve done, key findings and its impact. Also include a link or attachment of code you’ve written related to data analysis. Desired Skills: Experience in building speech recognition and natural language processing systems Experience with machine learning on large datasets (experience with deep learning and using Tensorflow and/or PyTorch would be a plus) Experience with a variety of NLP methods for information extraction, topic modeling, parsing, and relationship extraction etc. Prior experience with data-distributed tools (Spark, Hadoop etc) Activity in the Open Source community is a strong plus Aspiration to push your ideas into production, overcoming obstacles, in order to benefit MSI’s customers. Strong written and oral communication skills
