For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job. Job Description Specific Responsibilities: The Department of Bioinformatics at Gilead is seeking a highly motivated clinical data scientist to lead clinical data analysis. The successful candidate will have the opportunity to work in a fast-paced and highly collaborative environment to support clinical development programs with a focus on developing predictive models on complex high-dimensional clinical data to support clinical development programs in various disease areas, including liver disease, virology, inflammatory disease, and oncology. Essential Functions: • Working with internal colleagues to design and execute data analysis plans, and to summarize the actionable findings to support both exploratory research and new drug application activities. • Curate and analyze complex clinical data, including but not limited to genomic data, protein assay data, cytokine, and chemokine data from patient samples, and develop novel predictive models using statistical techniques and machine learning to support patient stratification and biomarker selection in clinical trials. • Develop and validate the analysis workflow, software applications, and data warehouse to improve visualization, integration, and accessibility of complex clinical data. • Serve as an internal expert in machine learning, predictive modeling, and quantitative data analysis. • Designs, develops, and implements methods, processes and systems to consolidate and analyze diverse data sets including structured and unstructured. • Develops software programs, algorithms, dashboards, information tools, and queries to clean, model, integrate and evaluate datasets. • Keeps abreast of new analytic methodologies and technologies. Collaborates with functional business units to drive business solutions and direction. Knowledge, Experience & Skills: • Ph.D. in statistics, mathematics, bioinformatics, genomics, computer science or a related field with strong hands-on experience in machine learning, predictive modeling or a master degree with 3+ years of work experience in the related field. • Proficient in at least one of following programming languages: Python, R, SAS, Matlab, JavaScript or SQL. • Extensive experience in machine learning, predictive modeling or deep learning is required. • Strategic thinker and outstanding team player with strong interpersonal and communication skills. • Knowledge of biology in virology, liver disease, inflammation disease, and oncology is a plus.  • Demonstrated track record producing models and actionable insights using advanced statistical methods. • Experience working with large data sets using distributed computing tools. Meet the team: http://biometrics-careers.gilead.com/ About Gilead: Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a research-based biopharmaceutical company that discovers, develops and commercializes innovative medicines in areas of unmet medical need. With each new discovery and investigational drug candidate, we seek to improve the care of patients living with life-threatening diseases around the world. Gilead’s therapeutic areas of focus include HIV/AIDS, liver diseases, cancer and inflammation, and serious respiratory and cardiovascular conditions. #LI-RA1 For jobs in the United States: As an equal opportunity employer, Gilead Sciences Inc. is committed to a diverse workforce. Employment decisions regarding recruitment and selection will be made without discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, physical or mental disability, genetic information or characteristic, gender identity and expression, veteran status, or other non-job related characteristics or other prohibited grounds specified in applicable federal, state and local laws. In order to ensure reasonable accommodation for individuals protected by Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment Act of 1974, and Title I of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]for assistance. For more information about equal employment opportunity protections, please view the ‘EEO is the Law’ poster. NOTICE: EMPLOYEE POLYGRAPH PROTECTION ACT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT PAY TRANSPARENCY NONDISCRIMINATION PROVISION Our environment respects individual differences and recognizes each employee as an integral member of our company. Our workforce reflects these values and celebrates the individuals who make up our growing team. Gilead provides a work environment free of harassment and prohibited conduct. We promote and support individual differences and diversity of thoughts and opinion. For Current Gilead Employees and Contractors: Please log onto your Internal Career Site to apply for this job.
