Data Scientist- Machine Learning, AI, Analytics! 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Jacob Vane, will get back to you with more details!

    
  A bit about us:     
      Based in beautiful Palo Alto, CA we are a fast-growing venture funded software tech company that is revolutionizing
the business process optimization sector! We are the 1st in the industry to integrate enterprise Artificial Intelligence (AI) automation of discovery, design and process engineering by mining patterns across all variations! Our annual revenues have increased as our flagship product continues to be adopted by our enterprise clients.   
 
  
      If you are a Data Scientist w/ Python, Tensorflow and MongoDB experience then please apply today!  
         
    
  What can we do for you?     
      Do you want to help develop
the worlds most advanced machine learning AI driven analytics software? We do too!  
       Competitive Base Salary!  
      Extremely Competitive Benefits
     Package!  
    Equity!  
      Flexible Work Schedules!  
      Free Team Lunches!  
      Accelerated Career Growth!  
     
  Is your background a fit?
We are looking for…     
      Bachelor's in Computer Science, Applied Math, Statistics or
similar plus experience:  
       5-10+ years Applied Machine Learning experience   
      k-NN, NaiveBayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.  
    Data processing systems in R, Python (NumPy, SciPy, Pandas ), Matlab  
    Tensorflow, MxNet, NLP Toolkits,   
    SQL, NoSQL (MongoDB, Cassandra)   
     
  Why join us?     
      We can offer you the
opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art AI analytics and make a
meaningful and important impact on today’s society and the next generation!  
   

  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 94301 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Electronics, Components, and Semiconductor Mfg; Computer/IT Services; Engineering Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000009257770
