Artificial Intelligence Data Scientist              ( Job Number: 326750              ) 

 Description  

 Job Description   :

  
 Chubb is the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer. With operations in 54 countries, Chubb provides commercial and personal property and casualty insurance, personal accident and supplemental health insurance, reinsurance and life insurance to a diverse group of clients. Chubb is also defined by its extensive product and service offerings, broad distribution capabilities, exceptional financial strength and local operations globally.  
   
 This entry to mid level AI position within Chubb is part of Applied Data Solutions team that is at the foreftont of developing new innovative data driven solutions.  
   

 AI Data Scientist   is a highly technical job that uses Machine Learning especially deep learning to develop solutions that focuses on deduction and reasoning, knowledge, perception and the ability to automate processes using deep data insights. This person will be working alongside Data Scientists, Data Engineers, Data Analyts, Architects, Developers to develop these solutions.  
   
 Ideal candidate for this role is someone with a strong background in computer programming, statistics, and data science who is eager to tackle problems with innovative thinking without compromising detail business insights. You are adept at solving diverse business problems by utilizing a variety of different tools, strategies, machine learning techniques, algorithms and programming languages  
   

 Skills Required   

     
 Experience with data and machine learning services using
Azure is required  
 Deep understanding of ML concepts such as Probabilistic Models, Supervised and Unsupervised Learning, Neural Networks, Ensembling. Understanding of Deep Learning is preferred  
 Experience in a major AI/NLP platform (e.g. API.ai, Wit.ai etc.) is a must  
 Extensive experience working with Data APIs (W  orking with RESTful endpoints and/or SOAP)  
 Significant programming experience (with above technologies as well as Java, R and Python on Linux) a must  
 Ability to work with business partners to understand problems and solution expectations to frame hypothesis  
 Must have strong problem solving skills  
 Multi-tasking along with strong organization and time management skills is a must   

    

 Qualifications/Experience   

     
 Masters in Computer  Science or related educational background  
 2-5 years of advanced AI and machine learning techniques and applications  
 Microsoft Azure certifications a huge plus   
   
  Chubb offers a competitive compensation package and comprehensive benefits package including life, health and dental, vision, a generous retirement savings plan, disability coverage, stock purchase plan, flexible spending accounts, tuition reimbursement, and business casual dress. At Chubb, we are committed to equal employment opportunity and compliance with all laws and regulations pertaining to it. Our policy is to provide employment, training, compensation, promotion, and other conditions or opportunities of employment, without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, transgender, national origin, disability, genetic information, veteran or marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

Chubb strives to offer a diverse and inclusive and rewarding work environment. Teamwork and mutual respect are central to how Chubb operates and we believe the best solutions draw upon diverse perspectives, experiences and skills. We operate in such a way where everyone, regardless of their singular background has the opportunity to contribute to our collective success.    

Philadelphia - 436 Walnut St 
Philadelphia                                 19106  
Actuarial 
 Travel -                             No 
 Job Posting -                             Apr 23, 2019, 11:54:37 AM    


         

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Philadelphia, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         326750
