Data Scientist- NLP/NLU Intelligent Business! 
  
 

Read Below and See If This Position Is A Fit! 
 
If so, Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button and sending us your resume. If you are a fit, our Jobot Pro, Jacob Vane, will get back to you with more details!

    
  A bit about us:     
      Based in beautiful Palo Alto, CA we are a fast-growing venture funded software tech company that is revolutionizing
the cognitive automation sector! We are disrupting this multi-billion dollar industry by automating these processes using AI powered bots and intelligent process orchestration! We're putting these processes on auto-pilot by limiting touch points that could cause delays and increase costs.   
 
  
      If you are a PhD. in Computer Science with emphasis in Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing, and Computer Vision experience then please apply today!
         
    
  What can we do for you?     
      Do you want to help develop
the worlds most advanced machine learning AI driven NLP/NLU software? We do too!  
       Competitive Base Salary!  
      Extremely Competitive Benefits
     Package!  
    Equity!  
      Flexible Work Schedules!  
      Free Team Lunches!  
      Accelerated Career Growth!  
     
  Is your background a fit?
We are looking for…   
     5-10+ years extracting data from (un/semi)-structured datasets, learning from unbalanced datasets  
      Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs), RNNs, LSTMs, (Faster) RCNNs  
    Meta-learning, Reinforcement Learning (Q-Learning, DQNs,and CNN-based), and Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs)  
    Python, test sets, validation sets     
  Why join us?     
      We can offer you the
opportunity to work on State-of-the-Art AI NLP/NLU software and make a
meaningful and important impact on today’s society and the next generation!  
   

  
 

Interested? 
 
Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply" button.
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Palo Alto, CA 94301 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Electronics, Components, and Semiconductor Mfg; Computer/IT Services; Engineering Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         484905000009257795
