Job Description Compensation (Range): $58/ hour If you are an experienced Data Scientist looking for a position with a leading company, Bartech can help! We are a leading staffing firm and our clients include some over the nation’s biggest companies. Our client has a need for a Data Scientist. This is a contract position; however it is not uncommon for assignments to transition into permanent positions with our client companies. If you have the background we are looking for, and you are interested in an opportunity to get your foot in the door with leading company, we want to talk with you!  Data Scientist         Job Responsibilities                                               Your specific duties as a Data Scientist will include: Live the Safety Stand and adhere to safety responsibilities The Successful Candidate: Ensures rigorous compliance to standard safety procedures and OC corporate policies Experimental Design, Statistical Modelling and Advanced Analysis The Successful Candidate Develops rigorous design of experiments based on statistical basis to generate better understanding of product and process related performance Partners with global Innovation, Business and Marketing teams to provide robust testing plans that measure the relevant characteristics with appropriate sample sizes and utilizes advanced data analytics to drive decision Analyzes product development and manufacturing processes to identify root causes for performance gaps, and recommends solutions to impact change. Validates mathematical modeling results with empirical data in product development processes, pilot studies or lab experiments. Deep and broad knowledge in the application of advanced analytical techniques to solve business problems Implementing & advancing analytics capability within the organization The Successful Candidate: Works in a team environment to advance understanding of the product performance and showcases the benefits of advanced analytics through executed project Standardizes, simplifies and improves the user friendliness of leveraging analytics platform for more widespread use within CSB S&T organization Stays current with respect to statistical/mathematical methodology, to maintain proficiency in applying different methods and justifying methods selected Leads the assessment and introduction of new statistical/mathematical technology and methodology within CSB S&T Commits to evolving how projects are managed to match the business and project needs, change management challenges and communication requirements to successfully deliver. Defines, implements and communicates the technology standards for advanced analytics Builds a community for growing the capability within the organization through personal development, mentoring and teaching opportunities with peers. External networking, building relationships to keep in tune with leading edge technologies Data Scientist Job Requirements As a Data Scientist you must represent our company well by being responsible, punctual and motivated to go above and beyond the call of duty. You must also be highly detail-oriented and organized with excellent analytic and problem-solving abilities. It is also important that you display excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. Required Education, Experience & Skills: Advanced degree in analytical competency (Engineering, Operations Research, Applied Mathematics, etc.) is required. PREFERRED EXPERIENCE: Technical Expertise – Experience with modeling tools & platforms (e.g., MiniTab, R, Python, IBM SPSS, SAS or other), data management/data mining skills, visualization techniques and descriptive statistics to solve complex problems required. Experience with optimization techniques and applications preferred. Technology Leadership - Strong working knowledge of contemporary analysis technology, software platforms, and methodologies with the ability to apply to business processes. The ability to educate senior leaders on the impact and benefit of analytics (descriptive, predictive, prescriptive and cognitive) in our operations Project Leadership – Small to medium scale project management experience, including, but not limited to scope, schedule, cost, and risk, resource, and change management. Possibly including initiatives with global reach, technology, processes, cross-functional teams and partner team members. Consulting skills - Proven track record of influencing the decision and problem-solving processes. The ability to understand business and economic drivers and align goals across functional lines and organizational boundaries for execution. Global Experience – understands, communicates with, and effectively interacts with people across cultures to achieve business results. Prior experience participating or collaborating with cross-functional and cultural teams is beneficial. Candidates with prior internship experience with demonstrated capability and/or ability to grow in the above capabilities will also be considered. KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES Analytics: Has demonstrated experience in applying statistical techniques to solve business problems. Visualization: Has experience in the effective utilization of visualization techniques to explore data to find root causes as well as presentation of results. Leadership: Recognized expert in their field with the ability to help others define the problem and move quickly to resolution. Someone sought out to bring resolution to an issue in timely, cost effective manner. Interpretive Skills: Understand customers fitness for use related to specifications, procedures, and products and partner with the international team of product development experts to build solutions Consultative Skills: Ability to influence business partners in their decision-making. Shape solutions by helping partners articulate what they need. Optimization: Experience in various optimization techniques including linear programming, integer programming, non-linear programming and dynamic programming. Diversity: Understands, communicates with, and effectively interacts with people across cultures. Effectively achieves business results working across and with multi-national teams. Communication: Clearly conveys relevant information and ideas with confidence and in a manner that inspires the audience. Adjusts approach to capture audience attention and ensures there is an understanding of the message. Seeks to understand others through active listening. Data Scientist Benefits As a Data Scientist with Bartech, you will be working through an established and respected staffing organization with 40 years of serving as a trusted partner to our client companies. We are dedicated to providing our talent with personal, responsive attention, and will assign an employee care representative to answer any questions or concerns that you might have. Depending upon the client, the assignment and your performance, you can find potential opportunities for direct employment. Your hard work and professional dedication will be rewarded with competitive compensation, including benefits. Available benefits for Data Scientist Position may include (but are not limited to): Exceptional medical, dental, and vision 401(k) Make the most of your experience! Apply now!  Applicant must be eligible to work in the US for immediate opening. Keywords:            
