Title:   Data Scientist  
 Location:&nbsp;Creve Coeur,&nbsp;MO  
Duration: 12 Months (Potential to go beyond)&nbsp;  
 &nbsp;  
 Requirements:   
1) Master&rsquo;s experience or PhD degree required with emphasis in Statistics, Data Science 
2) 3+ years working experience of basic experimental designs and statistical modeling and machine learning techniques. 
3) Strong programming experience in R or Python. 
4) Experience presenting using either PowerPoint or Google slides. 
 &nbsp;  
 Desired qualification/experience/skills:   
1) Familiarity with farming/agriculture 
2) Organization skills. 
&nbsp; 
 &nbsp;  
 Description:  
The contract data scientist will provide support and develop new data science opportunities, expand existing methods, provide insights, and build practical solutions to complex business problems. 
You will apply advanced analytics skills using AI techniques and statistical models to turn data into a competitive advantage. 
Outcome of research is the creation of digi-ag recommendations to drive farmer decisions. 
The candidate will actively collaborate with clients to design field experiments, facilitate scaling of data solutions to product, and communicate findings to broad audiences. 
The person should have a solid knowledge base in artificial intelligence (deep learning and machine learning), applied statistics, data interrogation and modeling data for research and production use. 
Candidate must be extremely self-motivated and possess excellent people interaction and communication skills.  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Creve Coeur, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
