Job ID: 51007 Data Analyst Position Description: The Analyst identifies internal and external data sources and enables skill teams (Purchasing / Supply Chain / Manufacturing) and analytics teams to leverage the data with their analytic tools to answer their key questions.  The role will be responsible for discovering and curating data sources, including: Creating data standards, developing data security recommendations, assessing data quality and creating required transformations.  Collaborating with IT teams to support data collection, integration, and retention requirements based on the input collected with the business.  Acting as the data steward to ensure that all information utilized adheres to compliance, access management, and control policies as set forth by GDIA.  Providing on-going tracking and monitoring of performance of decision systems and statistical models  Solving client analytics problems and communicates results and methodologies.  Working in iterative processes with the client and validates findings.  Modeling and framing business scenarios that are meaningful and which impact on critical business processes and/or decisions.  Working closely with different teams to solve problems related to client analytics.  Performing experimental design approaches to validating findings or testing hypothesis which provide business value.  Working cross-functionally to manage data and analytic projects. Improving department results through innovation.  Creating data products that combine various internal data sources enabling more efficient consumption of data. Skills Required: Strong oral and written communication skills  Experience with Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint and Word  Demonstrated skills in large scale data manipulation, and mining / pattern recognition  Critical thinking skills that demonstrate the ability to use existing and discoverable data to solve business problems  Ability to translate complex quantitative methods into easily understood results for all levels of business customers  Ability to handle multiple projects within a given timeframe Experience with tools such as Hadoop, Alteryx, QlikView, Apache, Spark, Informatica  Strong programming skills  Experience in R, Python, SAS, SQL or Matlab Experience Required: 3-5 years of specific skill team (Purchasing, Supply Chain, Manufacturing ) or Data Analytics / Data Operations Work. Education Required: Bachelor’s, Master’s, or PhD program with a concentration in a quantitative or business field such as Math, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, Operations Research, Engineering, or Physics At Fast Switch, Our Purpose is Our People and Our Planet. We come to work each day and are reminded we are helping people find their success stories.  Isn’t that cool? Also, Doing the right thing is our mantra.  We act responsibly, give back to the communities we serve, and have fun a little fun along the way. We at Fast Switch have been doing this for 22 years. We’re doing business in almost half the states in the union with offices in Detroit, MI, Columbus, OH, New York, Hartford, CT, Massachusetts, Minneapolis, MN, Los Angeles, CA, San Francisco, CA, and Tucson, AZ. We're a financially strong, privately-held company that is 100% consultant and client focused. We've differentiated ourselves by being fast, flexible, creative and honest. Throw out everything you've heard, seen, or felt about every other IT Consulting company. We do unique things, and we do them for Fortune 10 companies, Inc. 500 companies, and technology start-ups. We also have a strong belief in giving back to the communities we serve. Our benefits are second to none and thanks to our flexible benefits options you can choose just the benefits that you need or want, options include: • Medical and Dental (Fast Switch pays majority of the medical program) • Vision • Personal Time Off (PTO) Program • Long Term Disability (100% paid) • Life Insurance (100% paid) • 401(k) with immediate vesting and 3% (of salary) dollar-for-dollar match Plus, we have a lucrative employee referral program and an employee recognition culture. In 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, Fast Switch was named one of the Top Work Places in Michigan by the Detroit Free Press and one of the Best Staffing Firms in 2016 and 2017. We have won the Columbus Business First “Fast 50” award 9 times in 12 years because of our strong growth which translates into more and better opportunities for our consulting staff members. Ranked '#1' supplier by over 50% of our customers nationally. Ranked 'Top 3' supplier by over 75% of our customers nationally.  To view all of our open positions, please go to: www.fastswitch.com and at the bottom of the page click Job Portal, or get there directly at: https://www.jobs.net/jobs/fastswitch/en-us/all-jobs/ You can also follow us on Twitter at: www.twitter.com/fastswitch And you can become a fan of Fast Switch on Facebook at: http://tinyurl.com/y9y3gdp
