The Opportunity We're looking for a Senior Data Scientist, working in the Pharmaceuticals & Medical Products industry in San Jose, California, United States. Contribute to experimental design through an individual understanding of the limits and opportunities available through the analytical pipeline. Ways in which algorithmic routines can be tailored to the experimental design. Work closely with software engineering teams to drive scalable, production-ready implementations. Our Client Our client is an award-winning clinical development company.  Improving lives globally with 20+ years’ experience in clinical research and strategic resourcing.  Elevating results with proven strategies, comprehensive solutions, and customized delivery models. Serving pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device organizations. Strong relationships provide you connections and access to great opportunities.  Industry expertise sets you up for success with helpful insights, career coaching, and professional training.  Grow and learn while you put your skills to work.   Experience Required for Your Success Education and Experience: BS degree in computer science, engineering, physics with 4-5 years experience or equivalent combination of education/experience, OR MS degree in computer science, engineering, physics with 2-4 years experience or equivalent combination of education/experience Skills: Advanced understanding of scientific process and analysis of empirical data Demonstrated ability to design experimental analyses which result in meaningful conclusions Demonstrated ability to communicate needs of analytical design to experimentalists who will execute the physical experiment when new data is required Working knowledge of linear algebra, differential equations, calculus and/or discrete math Probability distributions, classical hypothesis testing, regression Bayesian concepts: conditional probabilities, priors, posteriors, maximum likelihood estimators Ability to correctly apply probability theory/statistics across multiple domains with little or no guidance Working knowledge of techniques around classification, regression, clustering Basic understanding of deep learning approaches to categories of machine learning problems Fundamental data types (stacks, queues, etc.); Sorting algorithms (quicksort, mergesort etc.) Strong communication skills and collaborative nature Proficiency with programming/scripting languages such as Python, R, C++, Java Demonstrated use of a database querying language such as SQL Fluency with data analysis libraries such as pandas, matplotlib, sklearn, as well as some experience with scientific programming libraries Details The pay range we're offering is 30 - 50 per hour. This position may present an opportunity to go permanent. What Do You Think? Does your experience reflect what it takes to be successful in this role? Do the work and challenges get you excited about what's possible? Apply here. Not exactly? Join Our Talent Community, and we'll let you know of additional opportunities.
