Job Number: R0052288 Machine Learning Data Scientist, Senior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your leadership and analytical skills to improve human performance. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll mentor teammates, build predictive analytics, apply machine learning, and use the right combination of tools and frameworks to turn that set of disparate data points into objective answers to help senior and executive leadership make informed decisions. You’ll provide your customer with a deep understanding of their data, what it all means, and how they can use it. Join us as we use data science for good in the federal market space. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, onsite boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -7+ years of experience with predictive analytics, operations research, and software development -3+ years of experience with developing scalable algorithms that apply machine learning, artificial intelligence, and deep learning techniques -Experience with using one or more of the following frameworks or tools: Python, R, or SAS -Experience with data mining techniques for large-scale datasets, including both structured and unstructured data -Experience with data and analytics solution delivery that addresses strategic business problems -Experience as an effective communicator with clients and software teams in translating client needs into solutions -Ability to be a self-starter with initiative and present complex information to non-technical audiences -Ability to obtain a security clearance -BS degree Nice If You Have: -Experience with leading a data analytics team -Experience with visualization toolsets, including D3, Tableau, and Qlik -Possession of excellent organizational skills -Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills -Active Secret clearance -MS degree in Data Science, Computer Engineering, or Engineering Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
