We are looking for a Principal Data Scientists to join one of our analytics teams. Data scientists work embedded in specific business areas or on our centralized enterprise analytics team to develop data science products using machine learning, data visualization, and other forms of advanced analytics. We are looking for new members interested in learning and collaborating to help solve business problems with data driven solutions. An ideal candidate would be someone who has a track record of technical leadership and successful delivery of analytical products or projects, loves working with data, demonstrates a continuous learning and growth mindset, possesses an interest in the intersection of healthcare and technology, and has an ability to communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences. Job Purpose: This position is responsible for planning, managing and controlling the activities of the department that provides advanced mathematical and statistical concepts and theories to analyze and collect data and construct solutions to business problems. Performs complex statistical analysis on experimental or business data to validate and quantify trends or patterns identified by business analysts. Constructs predictive models, algorithms and probability engines to support data analysis or product functions; verifies model and algorithm effectiveness based on real-world results. Designs experiments and methodologies to generate and collect data for business use. Required Job Qualifications: * Bachelor's degree and 7 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 2 or more advanced degrees and 6 years of work experience in a in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR Ph.D. and 4 years of work experience in a mathematical, statistical, computer science, engineering, physics, economics or related quantitative field; OR 11 years of work experience in an advanced mathematical, statistical , engineering, physics or related quantitative field. * Leadership and/or management experience. * Strong learning and growth mindset * Customer-focused * Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. * Must demonstrate proficiency in at least five of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing. 6) understanding of healthcare. * Proficiency with Microsoft applications including Access, Excel, Word and Power Point. * Demonstrated mastery in two of the following six areas: 1) data analysis and relational-style query languages; 2) machine learning and/or statistical modeling; 3) data visualization; 4) a high-level programming language; 5) distributed computing; 6) understanding of healthcare. * A track record of independently delivering or leading the delivery of multiple complex analytics or data science projects. * A track record of mentoring, managing, or leading junior analytics or data science staff and providing thought leadership. * Actuarial Credentials Preferred Job Qualifications: * Masters or Ph.D. in a quantitative field, or bachelors degree with significant healthcare experience.
