Job Description: DXC Technology (NYSE: DXC) is the world’s leading independent, end-to-end IT services company, helping clients harness the power of innovation to thrive on change. Created by the merger of CSC and the Enterprise Services business of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, DXC Technology serves nearly 6,000 private and public sector clients across 70 countries. The company’s technology independence, global talent and extensive partner alliance combine to deliver powerful next-generation IT services and solutions. DXC Technology is recognized among the best corporate citizens globally. For more information, visit www.dxc.technology.    Working as a Lead Data Scientist in our New Orleans Digital Transformation Center (DTC) you must have: Excellent Working knowledge with database and model design and segmentation techniques Excellent Working knowledge of programming experience with frameworks including XML, Javascript, and ETL Experience in statistical analysis through the use of statistical packages including Excel, SPSS, and SAS Proven success in a collaborative, team-oriented environment Excellent working knowledge of data visualizations tools like Tableau, Qlikview, etc. Excellent working knowledge  knowledge of SQL, database structures, principles, and theories Highly analytical and strong attention to detail and quality Working on end to end Internet scale services and systems that include scalable machine learning systems, platforms for high speed performance, massive data warehouses and mining insights from large, noisy and sparse datasets. Excellent Python and Java abilities and a background involving Hadoop and Azure Design analytics for device and IT management business (working in conjunction with business analyst, data scientists, and engineering teams). Knowledge and Skills: Strong data analysis, interpretation and data visualization skills. Strong passion for pulling your own data, performing analysis and driving initial conclusions. 5+ years-experience in device and IT management analytics and/or statistical analysis, with product management and operational experience. Trust, Transform & Thrive with a company whose mission is to leading clients on their digital transformation journeys, DXC Technology will be recognized globally as a force multiplier, enabling clients to seize the opportunities presented by today’s rapidly changing technologies   
