Mondelez International, Inc. empowers people to snack right in over 160 countries around the world. We’re leading the future of snacking with iconic brands such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum.  Our 90,000 colleagues around the world are key to the success of our business. Great people and great brands. That’s who we are.  Join us on our mission to continue leading the future of snacking around the world by offering the right snack, for the right moment, made the right way.   In Research, Development & Quality (RD&Q), your skills can be the special ingredient that brings our brands to life. As part of a fantastic team of scientists, engineers and nutritionists, you’ll work tirelessly on product design or development, process development, quality, nutrition, sensory and food safety aspects to ensure we deliver a consistent, delightful consumer experience. RD&Q is where you’ll turn great ideas into brilliant brands.     Purpose of Role   The role Senior Data Scientist will be responsible for organizing, mining and visualizing complex R&D data to deliver new insights to enable rapid, high quality innovation across our chocolate, biscuit, gum & candy categories.  The successful candidate will explore opportunities from a wide range of data sources and types.   Main Responsibilities   Works with scientists and engineers to define complex technical challenges to be solved Defines system needs to maximise data as an asset to the R&D function including combining data / connecting data from multiple sources Creates statistical/mathematical models from structured databases enabling insight to solve technical problems. Uses appropriate software tools to mine and visualise data, including programming where necessary Sets up predictive and instructive models Ensures modelling techniques are robust and appropriate, highlighting the need for more experimental data where necessary Communicates outputs from the work with R&D teams to ensure learning is embedded in the business quickly to speed up innovation and optimization Writes and builds best practice documentation, and actively strives to change traditional ways of working within R&D Develops simplified software tools for others to use to add and interpret data, and understand results Researches and keeps up to date with developments in data science techniques Maintains and develops data mining resources including hardware and software updates, working with IT department to maintain security and back-up systems
