With our portfolio of global Power Brands such as Oreo and belVita biscuits, Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka chocolate and Trident gum, we’re the world’s #1 in biscuits and candy, and #2 in chocolate and gum. We’re Mondelēz International, a snacking powerhouse with operations in more than 80 countries, with approximately 90,000 employees globally and our brands are marketed in around 165 countries.   Our purpose and vision is to create more MOMENTS OF JOY by building the BEST SNACKING COMPANY IN THE WORLD.      In Research, Development & Quality (RD&Q), your skills can be the special ingredient that brings our brands to life. As part of a fantastic team of scientists, engineers and nutritionists, you’ll work tirelessly on product design or development, process development, quality, nutrition, sensory and food safety aspects to ensure we deliver a consistent, delightful consumer experience. RD&Q is where you’ll turn great ideas into brilliant brands.   Purpose of Role    Leading a small team to organize, mine and visualize complex R&D data to deliver new insights to enable rapid, high quality innovation across our chocolate, biscuit, gum & candy categories. Exploring opportunities from a wide range of data sources and types.    Main Responsibilities  Builds, deploys and optimizes machine learning models to maximize data as an asset to the R&D function. Works in close partnership with engineers and scientists to define complex technical challenges to be solved and identify new opportunities to leverage Data Science As a subject matter expert, drives the adoption and implementation of machine learning throughout R&D. Is the lead data scientist for major R&D projects. Creates statistical/mathematical models from structured databases enabling insight to solve technical problems. As a technical leader takes on the be pivotal support role in the development of junior team members. Develops a deep understanding of our data infrastructure and champion infrastructure development needs which will help the whole team work more effectively. Communicates outputs from the work with R&D teams to ensure learning is embedded in the business quickly to speed up innovation and optimization Write and builds best practice documentation and actively strives to change traditional ways of working within R&D Develops simplified software tools for others to use to add and interpret data, and understand results Researches and keeps up to date with developments in data science techniques Maintains and develops data mining resources including hardware and software updates, working with IT department to maintain security and back-up systems
