Southern California Edison is looking for that special breed of Data Scientist that is hard to find but actually does exist. You’re part data wrangler, part mathematician, part coding guru, and part solver of complex problems. You understand business and its strategic challenges. You’re curious and use your intellect to ask the right questions. You know how to use technology along with data science to solve difficult business problems. And you want your work to make a difference in the world. You will know how to use your unique gifts to help one of the largest energy companies in the country create a pathway to fight climate change and improve air quality. The job … As a Senior Data Scientist, you will help us discover the hidden information in vast amounts of data, and help make smart decisions to inform and guide Southern California Edison’s business decisions surrounding carbon-free energy. SCE serves over 5 million customers with 12,500 employees, over a 50,000 square mile service territory.  With over 2.5 petabytes of internal data and 300 million documents you’ll create analytical models utilizing tools like R and Python, do statistical analysis, leverage machine learning and build high-quality prediction systems.  You will have the opportunity to take on many complex analytic challenges such as high performing predictive maintenance algorithms for key grid assets, intelligent capital planning models, personalization engines for major customer experience episodes, field workforce optimization algorithms, grid load balancing algorithms, cognitive process automations and many others.  This work will be at the core of transforming one of the largest utilities in the world and you will play a key role in that analytic transformation at SCE.  As part of SCE’s newly formed Digital Center of Excellence, your influence extends well beyond this one department. Your analytic skills will help shape our blueprint for things like an electric grid supplied by 80 percent carbon-free energy, and putting more than 7 million electric vehicles on California roads. You will also be a creative thinker – one who’s just itching to propose innovative ways to use data. And you will apply a healthy skepticism of existing assumptions to uncover hidden solutions to some of the challenges we might be facing.  What’s more, you know how to communicate clearly, even to non-technical folks … and understand why it’s important. And before we forget … you’ll be working with and supported by a high performing team. So working well with and appreciating others is non-negotiable. Detailed stuff you will be doing … Exploring, modeling, mining, and experimenting with data to discover insights Using statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques Partner with business functions to solve critical business issues and identify opportunities for optimization Data selection and preparation for acquisition, extraction, transformation, management, and manipulation of large and complex data sets for specific use cases Performing highly-sophisticated data manipulation and analytics and translate insights into actionable recommendations Building and deploying production analytics Working closely with designers, engineers, and subject matter experts Provide thought-provoking ideas, perspectives, and research around methods, techniques and algorithms to improve decision making Qualifications Qualifications you need … You have a degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Computer Science, Information Sciences (e.g., Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Sciences, Informatics) or other related field.  In addition, you have a total of 8+ years of experience with 5+ years as a Data Scientist; with a proven track record of leveraging analytics and big data to drive significant business impact, and the remaining experience with data analytics, computational statistics or similar data mining work functions. You are proficient in Python, Perl, Java or other similar scripting language. You consider yourself an expert in predictive modeling and analysis, predictive algorithm development, machine learning algorithms, and data visualization solutions. And you have experience using statistical packages such as SAS or R, statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting & predictive analytics, multivariate testing, or optimization algorithms. Other stuff you should also have … MS or PhD in Operations Research, Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, or related fields Knowledge of data modeling, data integration, and data life cycle management Experience in data mining, large-scale data acquisition, transformation and cleaning Participation and contribution to open source data science community also a plus Expertise with Hadoop ecosystem (Hive, HBase, Pig, Spark Sql, etc.) Demonstrated experience with the following: Database technologies (Hadoop, SAP Hana, Oracle/Oracle Spatial, and/or MS SQL Server,) NoSQL database technologies Cloud computing, preferably with Microsoft Azure (machine learning, cognitive services, Cosmo DB, etc.). You should know … Relocation is available for this position, and who wouldn’t want to live in sunny Southern California? You must be legally authorized to work directly as employee for any employer in the United States without visa sponsorship.   We offer a competitive Total Rewards Package that includes things like a wide selection of health plans, preventative health reimbursement, 401(k) savings plan with company match and automatic company contributions, tuition reimbursement, professional development, volunteer programs, employee assistance program, electric service discount, and many more perks! Southern California Edison, an Edison International (NYSE:EIX) company, serves a population of approximately 15 million via 5 million customer accounts in a 50,000-square-mile service area within Central, Coastal and Southern California. Join the utility leader that is safely delivering reliable, affordable electricity to our customers for over 125 years. SCE is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer and will not discriminate based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, protected veteran status or any other protected status. *LI-SG1
