Imagery Data Scientist About the Organization Now is a great time to join Redhorse Corporation. Redhorse specializes in developing and implementing creative strategies and solutions with private, state, and federal customers in the areas of cultural and environmental resources services, climate and energy change, information technology, and intelligence services. We are hiring creative, motivated, and talented people with a passion for doing what's right, what's smart, and what works. Position Description Redhorse Corporation is seeking an Imagery Data Scientist who has expertise in the areas of Computer Vision, Video and Image Analytics for a significant DoD Program.  The Imagery Data Scientist will participate in and lead activities in imagery data processing, cataloging various imagery types and modalities (e.g., Low, Medium and High altitude EO, IR, and SAR), overall video/imaging system design, extraction of understanding (object detection and classification) of multiple mission based ontologies from image frames/tiles and real-time video streams, performing designed experiments to optimize the Computer Vision systems, and the delivery of robust prototypes leading to new product offerings. Examples of the new product offerings include systems that aid intelligent monitoring to determine the state of facilities and surrounding object types.   Primary Duties and Responsibilities for the Imagery Data Analyst include, but are not limited to: Using existing and new systems (AI, Machine learning, CNN) to process FMV, still imagery to detect and classify objects Cataloging and maintaining unclassified and classified imagery data sets Working with DoD-client and contractor staff to evaluate and segment imagery data into training data sets, test and evaluation data sets Executing imagery ingestion software and ensuring that all imagery metadata (MISB 0601, MISB 0903, KLV, Ontology classes and sub classes) along with actual images are correctly extracted and stored within an imagery object store, and associated metadata store Working with a variety of COTS and GOTS image processing tools and image filtering tools to manipulate, enhance, and visualize imagery (EO, IR, SAR) Providing and cataloging imagery data statistics (total number of data sets, type/modality of images, total number of images) Transferring specific data sets and processed imagery to contract support teams Working at DoD-client and contractor locations per direction Supporting the development of briefing materials and reports detailing processed imagery and experimentation / processing by variety of CV algorithms for customers of the DoD-client Other duties, as assigned Minimum Basic Requirements for Skills, Experience, and Credentials include: A Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university, with a concentration in engineering, computer science, computer information systems, or comparable fields of study, and twelve (12) years of general work experience in the technology sector is required. A Master's degree from an accredited college or university with a concentration in engineering, computer science, computer information systems, or comparable fields of study and ten (10) years of general experience is acceptable A minimum of three (3) years of experience performing a similar role in any combination of, military, government civilian, or contractor experience with DoD ISR Communications/Architecture is required, five (5) or more years of such experience is highly desired. Knowledge of SIGINT, GEOINT, and other intelligence PED processes, and familiarity with Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies is required. Proficient oral and written communications skills, with a strong attention to detail is required. Technical fluency; ability to understand and discuss architectural concepts, technical designs, schedule tradeoffs, and new opportunities with technical team members is required. Knowledge of strategic context relevant to AI adoption and use in DoD, AI in national security, science, technology, and innovation policy, acquisition and integration in DoD US technology projects with allies and partners, and related subjects, is highly desired. Basic knowledge of hardware and software concepts is desired. Prior knowledge of government acquisition and contracting is desired. Recent (within last five (5) years) experience on Service, Joint, or Office of Secretary of Defense Staffs is desired, with a preference for service on the OSD staff. Ability to problem solve and make decisions Must be able to analyze and interpret data Ability to examine/observe details Expert-level proficiency with MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, and other similar products, to preparation and presentation of concepts, ideas, findings, conclusions, and other results to team members and clients. Ability to travel occasionally is required. Current Top Secret security clearance with current SCI is required. The work environment for this position requires an individual to be able to: Work sitting or standing at a desk or conference table for extended periods of time with the ability to shift positions while working: sit, stand, pace, adjust positioning in any of those without issue Walk in the office to collaborate with co-workers, attend meetings or retrieve documents from printer Must be able to lift and carry up to 10 lbs. Redhorse Corporation shall, in its discretion, modify or adjust the position to meet Redhorse’s changing needs. This job description is not a contract and may be adjusted as deemed appropriate in Redhorse’s sole discretion. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled
