Canon U.S.A., Inc. is seeking a Data Scientist to join our Advanced Business Analytics and Data Management team. This team is responsible for collaborating and working closely with Canon’s Marketing, Sales, IT, and Business Development divisions to: - Understand and identify new revenue opportunities and insights based on advanced analytics. - Support the timely and effective presentation of analytics to business users and/or senior management. - Support the usage and execution of the BI recommendations. - Maintain and enhance our data warehouses. The ideal candidate will have the unique capability and passion for finding new revenue growth opportunities, unseen value, and insights with ever growing data sources.  The candidate must be a strong communicator, adaptive, creative, motivated, persistent, and demonstrate a “can do” attitude.  Must be able to work in a high-performing team to: - Share best practices and methods used. - Share draft outputs for review and input. - Individually drive to deliver clean, concise, accurate and ready-to-execute outputs You will also use your expertise to support, expand, and champion BI understanding and usage through training and collaborating with others to maximize value and insights, actions taken, and benefits realized within the company.  Responsibilities - Work in a high-performing team to identify new revenue opportunities and extract interesting insights (patterns, correlations, etc.) from large data sets using dashboards, visualizations, and other reporting solutions including SAP Business Objects, Google BigQuery, Tableau, or other tools. - Ongoing collaboration with various business units (Product Marketing, Sales, Digital Marketing, Business Development) to support advanced analytics needs, A/B experiment design, and to execute BI recommendations. - Support the effective usage of BI for existing business operations and the development of new business areas and opportunities. - Identify new advanced analytic opportunities and new data sources for further evaluation. - Proactively determine best methods to gather new and existing data to solve complex problems. - Build and expand knowledge of BI through training and collaborating with other BI Users and Leaders. - Document and communicate status of projects and initiatives to senior team members. Qualifications - Bachelor’s degree required. Master’s Degree preferred - Minimum of 3 years in a Data Science role with experience using data visualization tools (SAP Business Objects, Tableau, etc) to communicate insights - Strong in SQL (BigQuery) and proficiency in Python for model building (Scikit-Learn, Tensorflow, Pandas, Numpy, etc.) - Familiar with ETL design & data flows. Experience with Apache Airflow / Google Cloud Composer a plus - Experience with Google Cloud Platform a plus - Ability to work independently, ensure business objectives are met, and able to drive tasks to completion - Strong skills in problem solving with a passion for data and a curiosity to find the story - Excellent verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact and engage with a diverse group (executives and subject matter experts) - Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Excel, and building an accurate, clean, concise presentation story with PowerPoint Company Overview About our Company - Canon U.S.A., Inc., is a leading provider of consumer, business-to-business, and industrial digital imaging solutions to the United States and to Latin America and the Caribbean markets. With approximately $36 billion in global revenue, its parent company, Canon Inc. (NYSE:CAJ), ranks third overall in U.S. patents granted in 2018† and is one of Fortune Magazine's World's Most Admired Companies in 2019. Canon U.S.A. is committed to the highest level of customer satisfaction and loyalty, providing 100 percent U.S.-based service and support for all of the products it distributes in the United States. Canon U.S.A. is dedicated to its Kyosei philosophy of social and environmental responsibility. In 2014, the Canon Americas Headquarters secured LEED® Gold certification, a recognition for the design, construction, operations and maintenance of high-performance green buildings. To keep apprised of the latest news from Canon U.S.A., sign up for the Company's RSS news feed by visiting www.usa.canon.com/rss and follow us on Twitter @CanonUSA. For media inquiries, please contact [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. † Based on weekly patent counts issued by United States Patent and Trademark Office. All referenced product names, and other marks, are trademarks of their respective owners. We are an EEO/AA employer. Minority/Female/Individuals with Disabilities/Protected Veterans. If you are not reviewing this job posting on our Careers’ site https://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/about/careers, we cannot guarantee the validity of this posting. For a list of our current postings, please visit us at https://www.usa.canon.com/internet/portal/us/home/about/careers. #CUSA Posting Tags #CUSA #LI-AE1 #CBAC #DICE
