Facebook's mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. Through our family of apps and services, we're building a different kind of company that connects billions of people around the world, gives them ways to share what matters most to them, and helps bring people closer together. Whether we're creating new products or helping a small business expand its reach, people at Facebook are builders at heart. Our global teams are constantly iterating, solving problems, and working together to empower people around the world to build community and connect in meaningful ways. Together, we can help people build stronger communities - we're just getting started. At Facebook, we have established a new team exploring different ways to leverage blockchain technology to improve the lives of people around the world. It's a small, fast-growing, and talented group of people and our experienced leadership team comprised of some of the best professionals in their respective fields. The Blockchain team is a startup within Facebook and we're exploring lots of areas of interest across all facets of Blockchain technology. Our ultimate goal is to help billions of people with access to things they don't have now - that could be things like healthcare, equitable financial services, or new ways to save or share information. Facebook is seeking an experienced Data Scientist to join the Blockchain Data Science team. This person will work very closely with cross-functional partners to provide insightful analytics. This work includes measuring the impact of marketing in driving brand, increasing user growth and engagement, testing various creatives to optimize impact of marketing at scale, identifying and testing new audience segments, and working as a consultative partner to our marketing team. This analytics professional should thrive at the intersection of data, human behavior, marketing, product, and engineering. The ideal candidate will have a strong technical and analytical background, as well as an intense hunger to make a significant business impact by owning and driving business outcomes. Required Skills Partner with our marketing teams to identify opportunities in a go-to-market strategy and make well-informed decisions backed by data and survey results Partner with marketing, research, and product organizations to scope, design, execute, measure, and improve the impact of our marketing efforts on our business, consumer sentiments, and the world Set KPIs and goals, design and evaluate experiments, monitor key product metrics, understand root causes of changes in metrics Translate data insights into actions and recommendations that will drive brand sentiment, positioning, messaging, user growth, engagement, and marketing effectiveness Develop quantitative analysis, tools, ad hoc reports, and models to support marketing decision making. Analysis areas might include (but not limited to): retention, sentiment, lifetime value, messaging, promotions, usage, and engagement Produce data visualization such as charts, infographic, and dashboards to communicate findings and actionable recommendations to internal stakeholders clearly and effectively The Data Scientist, Blockchain Marketing has to work across the following four areas: Marketing Operations Evaluating past marketing launch and experiments to better inform our product decisions Building and analyzing dashboards and reports Evaluating and defining metrics Exploratory Analysis Narrowing broad product questions with data-informed conclusions Proposing what to build in the next roadmap Identifying new levers to help move key metrics Building models of user behaviors for analysis or to power production systems Product Leadership Influencing product teams through presentation of data-based recommendations Communicating state of business, experiment results, etc. to product teams Spreading best practices to analytics and product teams Data Infrastructure Working in Hadoop and Hive primarily, sometimes MySQL, Oracle, and Vertica Automating analyses and authoring pipelines via SQL and Python-based ETL framework
