Design, implement and optimize algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning based on structured and unstructured data. Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing, industrial data and public policy using advanced machine learning techniques. Work closely with the software engineering team to productize analytic software. Collaborate with system integration and data warehouse engineers on data extraction and data cleaning. Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. Usually requires achievement of a Bachelor s degree in Engineering, Mathematics, Economics or Statistics and 2-5 years of previous experience. Data Engineer Seeds & Placement Climate Science The Climate Corporation is revolutionizing the agriculture industry with a platform and products that are helping the world s farmers sustainably increase productivity with digital tools. We are leveraging Machine Learning and Big Data to build meaningful products that allow farmers to produce enough food to help feed a growing population. We are seeking an exceptionally talented individual with a passion for innovation to be part of cutting edge research efforts in our Automation & Tooling team within Climate Science. As part of our highly dynamic & progressive group, you will be designing & bringing to life new capabilities that will ultimately change the way a farmer will manage products selection, seeding rate, fertility & disease for the whole farm to increase farm productivity. We need someone who is a creative problem solver, resourceful in getting things done, and is productive working independently or collaboratively. Responsibilities include translating analytics questions into data solutions & analytic models that predict product performance to improve farm productivity. This involves gathering, manipulating and synthesizing data (e.g., attributes, performance, etc.), and other relevant information to drive predictive insight that drive decision support tools within Climate FieldView PlatformTM. You will be working closely with our modeling & data team members to integrate & scale algorithms to create new value for our farmers. Required Skills / Experience: BS in Biology, Agronomy, Computer Science, Data Science or 2 years work experience in IT/Agriculture/Biotechnology Experience with Python,Scala, R, & operational familiarity of Client s R&D IT systems. At least two years of experience working with data in a technical or scientific environment Experience with exploratory Big Data discovery through the use of technologies such as Scala,Hadoop, MapReduce, or Spark Able to write queries using SQL to extract and manipulate data to achieve desired results using select statements, sub-queries, functions, links of multiple tables, scripting Experience with web services, api and database design Strong organizational skills, interpersonal skills and problem solving skills Self-starter; able to work alone or as a part of a team Fosters a sense of urgency, identifies, and overcomes obstacles Clearly expresses oneself orally and in writing. Listens carefully, solicits other opinions Desired Skills / Experience: Knowledge of breeding, agriculture, and/or biotechnology. Knowledge & experience with machine learning technology in R & Spark Strong Understanding of database systems and management of large data sets. Experience in gathering and processing raw data at scale (including writing scripts, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.) Experience with Linux and AWS or other cloud based platforms is a plus What We Offer: Our team is composed of top scientists and engineers. The environment is extremely engaging and fast-paced working together to provide the best possible products and experiences for our customers. We have a large assortment of snacks & drinks to get you through the day Unique opportunity to make a real world impact - we are solving problems that have a massive impact on farmers lives and food security Award winning offices with smart designs, large common areas and open floor plans that fuel collaboration We strive for the highest quality in everything we do. From the precision of our agronomic models and the performance of our in-house databases, to the food we serve for lunch; we are constantly refining and improving We let you explore personally compelling topics by occasionally taking time to work on independent projects We regularly host meet-up groups and tech-talks and encourage participation in relevant workshops and conferences
