Job Number: R0052844 Data Scientist, Senior The Challenge: Are you excited at the prospect of unlocking the secrets held by a data set? Are you fascinated by the possibilities presented by the IoT, machine learning, and artificial intelligence advances? In an increasingly connected world, massive amounts of structured and unstructured data open up new opportunities. As a data scientist, you can turn these complex data sets into useful information to solve global challenges. Across private and public sectors — from fraud detection, to cancer research, to national intelligence — you know the answers are in the data. We have an opportunity for you to use your analytical skills to improve the intelligence community. You’ll work closely with your customer to understand their questions and needs, and then dig into their data-rich environment to find the pieces of their information puzzle. You’ll focus on data engineering to apply knowledge of and expertise in distributed, scalable Big Data stores, including Accumulo, Elasticsearch, Cloudbase, HBase, or a similar platform. You’ll leverage your experience with the MapReduce programming model to create analytics to operate at an enterprise scale, performing requirements analysis, installation, integration, evaluation, enhancement, maintenance, testing, and diagnosis or resolution. You’ll use statistical methods and leverage knowledge of large data sets to characterize uncertainty through statistical methods and develop an enterprise analytics platform working with a cross-functional team of data scientists, software engineers, and testers. Join us as we use data science for good in support of operations. Empower change with us. Build Your Career: At Booz Allen, we know the power of analytics and we’re dedicated to helping you grow as a data analysis professional. When you join Booz Allen, you can expect: access to online and onsite training in data analysis and presentation methodologies, and tools like Hortonworks, Docker, Tableau, and Splunk a chance to change the world with the Data Science Bowl—the world’s premier data science for social good competition participation in partnerships with data science leaders, like our partnership with NVIDIA to deliver Deep Learning Institute (DLI) training to the federal government You’ll have access to a wealth of training resources through our Analytics University, an online learning portal specifically geared towards data science and analytics skills, where you can access more than 5000 functional and technical courses, certifications, and books. Build your technical skills through hands-on training on the latest tools and state-of-the-art tech from our in-house experts. Pursuing certifications? Take advantage of our tuition assistance, on-site boot camps, certification training, academic programs, vendor relationships, and a network of professionals who can give you helpful tips. We’ll help you develop the career you want, as you chart your own course for success. You Have: -5+ years of experience with developing software in a high level language, including Java, C, or C++ -3+ years of experience with developing software for UNIX or Linux, including Red Hat, CentOS, or Ubuntu -3+ years of experience with Docker or other containerization software -3+ years of experience with Apache Spark, Databricks, or Apache NiFi -Experience with the design and development of object-oriented systems -Experience with version control systems, including Github or Gitlab -Active TS/SCI clearance -BS degree Nice If You Have: -Experience with deploying applications in a Cloud environment -Experience with designing and developing automated analytic software, techniques, and algorithms -Experience with developing solutions and integrating, extending, and contributing to Open Source software -Experience with cloud technologies, including Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure, or similar -BS degree in Data Science, CS, Physics, Mathematics, or a related field preferred; MS or PhD degree in CS, Physics, Statistics, or Mathematics a plus Clearance: Applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; TS/SCI clearance is required. We’re an EOE that empowers our people—no matter their race, color, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, disability, veteran status, or other protected characteristic—to fearlessly drive change.
