SENIOR DATA SCIENTIST - Los Angeles, CA  

 Want to be apart of an inventing company who believes in suitability? Here is a company looking for a Senior Data Scientist!    

   

 Day-to-Day Duties:  
 
Being responsible for processing large test data 
sets creating scripts for data processing 
Development of data management tools 
Test data collection, processing, reporting automation.  
 Please have Experience In:  
 
Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: R, Python, SLQ, etc. 
Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. 
Experience with distributed data/computing tools such as: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. 
Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders.  
To register your interest in this, or any other vacancies we currently have please call: 480/530-2029 and ask to speak to Demitrius De La Cruz, or email direct on:   d.delacruz@jeffersonfrank.com   . To be considered for this  role you must hold either a Green Card or US Citizenship.

Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are.

Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.        
 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Los Angeles Metro Area, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Internet Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         DD-02152019_1554167113
