Acara is looking for Data Scientist for our client located in Norwood, MA.  
We are searching for a professional to play a key role in the planning, design and execution of machine learning and artificial intelligence to advance predictive analyses for a point-of-care medical device. 
The Data Analytics Lead will enable researchers and engineers to integrate sophisticated mathematical models into the development of tailored reports, apps and dashboards for blood analyte (e.g. oxygen, lactate, glucose) signal visualization, analysis and interpretation. 
The Data Analytics Engineer will be relied on to provide knowledge and expertise in achieving research targets, delivering on specific milestones, interpreting results, and reporting them to key stakeholders. 
The Data Analytics Engineer will have a strong interface biosensor and engineering team members, as well as Clinical, Quality and Regulatory as needed to support preclinical and clinical data analysis. 
This lead role will have responsibilities to ensure the type and quality of data provided and lead work directly with internal and external experts in machine learning and algorithm development. 
The Data Analytics Engineer will be expected to conduct analyses with our database and lead the strategy and development of analysis plans for upcoming studies and trials with the goal of evaluating multiple parameters to develop unique and composite signature metrics/algorithms with predictive diagnostic outcomes. 
The Data Analytics Lead will work collaboratively with other team members to achieve these goals. 
Develop algorithms that extract meaningful parameters from time-series analytical data. 
Develop classification algorithms that predict diagnostic status, either independently or in combination with instrument data streams. 
Develop algorithm for deconvoluting multiple signals. 
Analyzes and enriches data by deploying various kinds of data analytics methods, models (e.g. predictive models) and algorithms to extract and visualize relevant information for solving business-specific questions and problems to generate viable market offerings. 
Explores new business opportunities enabled by data analytics and data driven insights and proposes them to the business stakeholders. 
Maintains network to customers, business experts and other subject matter experts to understand business data analytics requirements and identify data analytics driven business opportunities. 
Conducts data exploration and identifies relevant data sets and new relations in data. 
Identifies further data requirements and integrates such data. 
Develops and tests prototypes in an industrial environment, validates and communicates results to answer targeted business questions. 
Develops marketable (product grade quality) analytic models, configures and deploys algorithms, selects optimal tool and define visualization method/tool to display results. 
Sets up visualization systems to display results in most appropriate way based on cognitive science. 
Defines and provides requirements to IT infrastructure. 
Determines sustainable processes to support fast growing data volumes and ensuring of data quality and data accessibility together with the data architect. 
Collaborates with Enterprise IT, service and product business units to maintain analytics model. 
Implements and manages big data analytics projects and presents results to stakeholders inside and outside the company. 
Explores new innovative technologies and open source projects. 
"Creates"Is expected to adopt existing concepts, methodologies in order to create and open up new ways of approaching and fulfilling specific internal and external client requests or project requirements.  


Required Skills / Qualifications:  
Ph.D. (or MD/PhD) in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, or Biomedical Engineering or related fields. 
Minimum of 5 years’ experience in research working with biosensor signal processing. 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience in computing languages (Python, R, Mat lab). 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience with statistical classification approaches, machine learning, predictive algorithm creation and other data analytics tools. 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience with artificial intelligence. 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience with time series analysis (ie. feature extraction, as well as Fourier, wavelet and complexity analyses approaches). 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience in working with data obtained during pre-clinical studies and clinical trials. 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience in working with data from early stage biosensor prototypes, including protocol design, working with human subjects, documenting experiments, and refining procedures. 
Minimum of 4 years’ experience in with Statistical Methodologies necessary to evaluate candidate algorithm solutions including ANOVA, Design of Experiments, Hypothesis Testing.  
Preferred Skills / Qualifications  
Proficiency in programming languages (C, C++, Java, Javascript). 
Familiarity with relational databases (ie. SQL) is important and Tableau. 
To define strategy and manage complex projects, motivate and lead others, and work collaboratively with multidisciplinary teams 
Strong written and verbal communication, organizational and relationship-building skills are needed.  
Additional description:  
Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to background check and a drug screen. 
12 month contract  
Aleron companies; Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, Viaduct, and Aleron?s strategic partner, SDI are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status. 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Norwood, MA 02062 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Master's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         443363
