Relevant experience (+8 years) in the areas of Strategic Analytics, Business Intelligence, Data Science, or Consulting in an eCommerce environment or in a related field. Your degree in science, economy, technology, mathematics or a related field, speaks of a person who is comfortable in data-centric environments. Strong theoretical and functional understanding of machine learning concepts and background in employing these concepts to solve business problems using R, Python, SAS, SPSS, etc. Your strong coding skills (SQL, R, Python, SAS, etc.) allow you to comfortably and independently extract data from different databases and you are an expert in Excel with a proven track record. You enjoy working in a team of highly engaged individuals. You have a passion for numbers, data and metrics, but also for delivering analysis of highest quality. Proven experience in identifying opportunities for business improvement, and defining and measuring the success of those initiatives Demonstrated ability to dig into the "why” of various results and present data driven insights and recommendations Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use data and metrics to back up assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses Ability to multi-task and work under firm deadlines within a rapidly changing environment | Relevant experience (+8 years) in the areas of Strategic Analytics, Business Intelligence, | Data Science, or Consulting in an eCommerce environment or in a related field. | Your degree in science, economy, technology, mathematics or a related field, speaks of a | person who is comfortable in data-centric environments. | Strong theoretical and functional understanding of machine learning concepts and | background in employing these concepts to solve business problems using R, Python, | SAS, SPSS, etc. | Your strong coding skills (SQL, R, Python, SAS, etc.) allow you to comfortably and | independently extract data from different databases and you are an expert in Excel with a | proven track record. | You enjoy working in a team of highly engaged individuals. | You have a passion for numbers, data and metrics, but also for delivering analysis of | highest quality. | Proven experience in identifying opportunities for business improvement, and defining | and measuring the success of those initiatives | Demonstrated ability to dig into the "why” of various results and present data driven | insights and recommendations | Proven analytical and quantitative skills and an ability to use data and metrics to back up | assumptions, develop business cases, and complete root cause analyses | Ability to multi-task and work under firm deadlines within a rapidly changing | environment
