Job ID: 52465 Our client in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin is seeking a ETL Data Scientist. NO CORP-TO-CORP SUBMISSIONS ACCEPTED FOR THIS POSITION. Applicants must be able to work directly for Fast Switch as a W2 Employee (US Citizens and all other parties authorized to work in the US without sponsorship are encouraged to apply). Summary: *Data scientist position within the corporate research and development group of a large industrial company.*Develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning, data analytics, AI and optimization algorithms to create new intelligent devices, solutions and services for industrial applications*Develop and deploy data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms.*Evaluate and analyze new tools and recommend data strategy changes as needed*Data engineering - assist in designing and implementing efficient and robust ETL workflows. Qualifications: *Master's degree (PhD degree preferred) in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or Computer Science from an accredited institution.*Foundational understanding of advanced machine learning and data analytics techniques such as deep learning, boosting, random forests, SVMs with strong mathematical understanding of the algorithms.*Ability to prototype data analytics algorithms and apply them to create solutions to problems in a variety of domains such as prognostics, asset health management, predictive modeling, forecasting and adaptive systems.*Software development skills in one or more high level languages and/or common machine learning programming tools (e.g. Matlab/Python/R/Weka).*Experience developing and deploying data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, Oracle, Hadoop, Spark highly desired*Some industrial experience in building production grade, end-to-end machine learning and data analytics enabled solutions from concept to implementation is highly desired.*Some electrical power system domain knowledge with experience in applying machine learning technologies very desirable Fast Switch, Ltd. is a high-growth IT staffing firm, with headquarters in Dublin, Ohio and with offices serving the Columbus, Detroit, Boston, Cincinnati, Minneapolis, Phoenix, Hartford, Los Angeles, Tucson, San Francisco, Denver, and Cleveland metropolitan areas. We have a staff of over 780 associates and have experienced growth while remaining profitable. Compensation can vary depending on experience and capability, plus benefits which include healthcare, dental, and vision insurance, long term disability coverage, and 401(k) with match and IMMEDIATE vesting. Our benefits package, in this day and age, is superb. To view all of our open positions, please go to: www.fastswitch.com and/or navigate to our Careers page. indeed456
