Principal Research/Data Scientist  

Round Rock, TX  

 Dell provides the technology that transforms the way we all work and live. But we are more than a technology company — we are a people company. We inspire, challenge and respect every one of our over 100,000 employees. We also provide them with unparalleled growth and development opportunities. We can’t wait for you to discover this for yourself as a Python Developer/Data Science on our Data Science team in Round Rock TX. 
 
Global Services & Process Engineering (GSPE) Supportability Engineering Team is seeking a Data Scientist who will be able to envision and create data science models in support of business operations with emphasis on hardware engineering.  The ideal candidate will be intricately involved in running analytical experiments in a methodical manner, and will regularly evaluate alternate models via theoretical approaches. 


Key Responsibilities   
Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis 
Collaborate with product management and engineering departments to understand company needs and devise possible solutions 
Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends 
Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers 
Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis 
Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design  


Essential Requirements   
8+ years of related experience in a professional role with a Bachelor’s degree; or 6+ years with a Master’s degree; or 3+ years with a PhD; or equivalent experience 
3+ years of practical experience with SAS, ETL, data processing, database programming and data analytics 
Must have exceptional communication skills as you would have to clearly articulate advanced concepts to a wide range of audiences 
Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis 
Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation 
Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills 
Experience with analytical/programming languages such as Python, R SSAS, SQL, M or DAX  


Benefits   

We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment. 

Dell is committed to the principle of equal employment opportunity for all employees and to providing employees with a work environment free of discrimination and harassment. All employment decisions at Dell are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications, without regard to race, color, religion or belief, national, social or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), age, physical, mental or sensory disability, HIV Status, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, marital, civil union or domestic partnership status, past or present military service, family medical history or genetic information, family or parental status, or any other status protected by the laws or regulations in the locations where we operate. Dell will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based on any of these characteristics. Dell encourages applicants of all ages.  Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Dell  here . 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Round Rock, TX 78682 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         971_R87681
