Capgemini Government Solutions (CGGS) LLC is seeking highly motivated and experienced Data Scientist/Modeler to join our team in the DC Metro Area to support our government clients. The successful applicant will work closely with our clients to provide on-site services to public sector clients serving as a subject matter specialist for data modeling and advanced analytics.  The successful applicant will have the opportunity to apply and grow their skillset, work with a motivated and entrepreneurial team, engage with a wide range of stakeholders, and build CGGS’ capabilities to serve our clients. Job Responsibilities As a Data Scientist/Modeler, you will: Work collaboratively with clients for identification of data sources, data extraction from enterprise systems and data warehouses, creation and operation of data models and algorithms, and develop reports, analysis, and recommendations based upon results. Support ad-hoc analysis requests as well as scheduled requests. Perform interviews with clients and stakeholders to identify and scope issues. Extend company’s data with third party sources of information when needed. Enhance data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems. Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis. Do ad-hoc analysis and present results in a clear manner. Create automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance. Basic Qualifications US Citizenship or Green Card is required. Bachelor’s Degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field. 6 years of experience in performance advanced analytics, data modeling, or data science. Experience in building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques. Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, R-Studio, R-Shiny, Python, SQL client tools, etc. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable. Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, Tableau, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig. Great communication skills Additional Qualifications Master’s degree in Mathematics, Computer Science, or related field. Company Overview A global leader in consulting, technology services and digital transformation, Capgemini is at the forefront of innovation to address the entire breadth of client’s opportunities in the evolving world of cloud and digital platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific expertise, Capgemini enables organizations to realize their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. Capgemini is driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. It is a multicultural company of 200,000 team members in over 40 countries. The Group reported 2017 global revenues of EUR 12.8 billion. Capgemini Government Solutions, LLC (Capgemini GS) is a subsidiary of Capgemini focused on providing high quality services to the U.S. Federal Government. Learn more about us at www.capgemini-gs.com. Capgemini has an entrepreneurial environment that embodies the following values: Honesty, Boldness, Trust, Freedom, Team Spirit, Modesty, and Fun. We offer a competitive benefits package to our employees. Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by law. #cggsjobs #ondice #cb
