Employee Type: Full time Location: WI Manawa Job Type: Research and Development Group Job Posting Title: Associate Product Data Scientist Job Description: Job Profile: Associate Product Data Scientist – Beverage Business Title:  Associate Product Data Scientist Reports To (title): Senior Product Data Scientist or Manager Location: Manawa WI Exempt/Nonexempt Status: Exempt Division/Function: Beverage Division Position Summary: Under some supervision, assist in projects and technology initiatives.  Responsible for the creation, maintenance and review of integrated corporate data related to food ingredients and products.  Data types may include raw material, formula, finished-good specification, equipment info, quality and process parameters for R&D, manufacturing plant, co-packers and suppliers using established guidelines and procedures.  Support beverage division R&D scientists with data entry into PDM and SAP, purchase orders requisitions, scheduling of maintenance, routing of documents, and ordering lab supplies.  Position Responsibilities: Collect and analyze product data for select categories Develop specifications in conjunction with integration, commercialization and        product inquiry.  Provide technical support to the business.  Compile/load product information into databases/systems-of-record Understand how to develop range formulas and respond to questions requesting confidential and proprietary information in order to protect THS assets. Facilitate cross functional meetings when asked Pull reports out of PPM and PDM to facilitate various KPI tracking. Maintain internal systems (SAP, PDM) Occasional lab work as directed. Qualifications and Requirements: 1+ years working with technical information in computer databases Collaboration/ Teamwork: Flexible in managing multiple requests.  Able to set expectations for recipients under limited supervision. Customer Focus:  Strong attention to detail and the ability to provide accurate and complete information to internal & external customers in a timely manner.  Takes initiative and contacts resources to gather information necessary to complete task. Drive for Results:  Must be highly organized. Ability to be a change-agent and strive for continuous improvement. Problem Solving:  Ability to prioritize under heavy workload and ask for assistance when needed. MS Office, word, excel, etc. Microsoft Access and excel, SAP, PDM, PPM experience preferred Education: ☐ High School or equivalent ☐ High School plus specialized training (min 6mos-2yrs)/College Certificate (Canada) ☒ Associate Degree/College Diploma (Canada – 2-3 years) Food Science, Engineering, Culinary or related field ☐ Bachelor’s Degree Required – Type: Food Science, Engineering, Culinary or related field ☐ Master’s Degree Required -- Type: ☐ Certification/Licensure/Designation Required for Job: Preferred Attributes, Qualifications & Working Conditions: ☐ Standing Enter % of time ☐ Lifting Enter maximum pounds ☐ Crawling Enter % of time ☐ Stooping Enter % of time ☐ Walking Enter % of time ☒ Repetitive Motions Explain Motion Computer Enter % of time 70% ☐ Driving Enter % of time ☐ Travel (other than driving) Enter % of time ☐ Unusual Working Hours What are the hours ☐ Exposure to moving mechanical parts Enter % of time ☐ Exposure to fumes or airborne particles Enter % of time ☐ Exposure to outside weather conditions Enter % of time ☐ High areas Enter maximum height Enter % of time ☐ Noise Level Explain noise level Enter % of time ☐ Other Explain Enter % of time Disability Assistance TreeHouse Foods is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and offers opportunities to all job seekers, including those with disabilities.  If you need a reasonable accommodation to assist with your job search or application for employment, please contact us by sending an email to [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]. In your email please include a description of the specific accommodation you are requesting and a description of the position for which you are applying. EEO Considerations All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, citizenship, disability or protected veteran status.
