Python Developer - Data Science On behalf of our client, Procom is looking for a Python Developer with data science experience.  Python Developer Position Overview  Our client is looking for a Python Developer to join a team of analytical solution builders who are currently in the process of developing a critical data science/ intelligence platform for delivering timely insights in a variety of ways to internal users.This is a great opportunity to be in a team working on novel initiatives within a data-driven marketing department to increase its capabilities and to provide internal users with better decision support. Your work will help marketers and managers greatly increase their ability to prioritize their work and be effective at the same time.  Python Developer Responsibilities  Design and implement algorithms and solutions to help enhance analytics solutions and platforms being developed.  Help develop and maintain production-level worthiness of codebase. This would include taking the lead in managing/maintaining the Git repository.  Work with data scientists and analysts to help integrate their exploration efforts into the analytics solutions in the form of robust code.  Develop database connection logic to improve data integration and automation.  Work with front-end engineers to help improve responsiveness and performance of the code. Some familiarity with front-end development would be really helpful here.  Research and explore opportunities to continually improve existing architecture and analytics capabilities.  Impart best practices to improve the knowledge of code contributors.  Write testable code and take the lead on implementing testing framework. Also, guide other code contributors on testing and best practices.  Python Developer Skills  Minimum of 3 years experience programming in Python.  Strong grasp of object oriented programming.  Experience in writing high quality code in Python  High Familiarity with testing frameworks.  Experience with Python Data Science Stack including Pandas, NumPy, SciPy, Matplotlib, plotly, scikit-learn  Experience working with OpenShift V3 and containers.  Experienced in working with MongoDB, writing SQL queries and implementing database connection logic.  Familiarity with front-end development.  Familiarity with HTML5/ CSS3/ Javascript  Experience working in a highly collaborative team environment.  Excellent communication skills. Python Developer Assignment Length 12 months Python Developer Start Date  ASAP
