Junior Data Scientist/Data Engineer: Location: Weehawken, NJ Duration: long term contract -someone little junior to do more hands on data engineering work along with data analytics. Principal Responsibilities • Perform research and analysis; run analysis on large data repositories and summarize and generate valuable insights and present data for action to aid management in making crucial business decisions. • Develop scorecards, static and interactive dashboards, data visualizations, data extracts, and other "descriptive analytics” to tactically meet the needs of banking stakeholders. • Perform exploratory data analysis and identify patterns and communicate findings to influence acquisition and retention strategies. • Define the appropriate statistical or analytical technique for the business problem; this decision should balance business needs and timing with the required robustness. • Design Client pipelines that include components related to data acquisition, exploratory analysis, feature engineering, predictive model design/build and interactive storytelling. • Build models and manage dataset creation for analytics and model development and validation. • Collaborate with Information Architecture and Business teams in formulation of requirements for data across all product lines. • Work with field engagement to coordinate delivery, tracking, and regular reporting of measures and performance metrics. • Create, maintain, and deliver custom reports from a variety of structured and unstructured data sources. Basic Qualifications • Bachelor's degree or Advanced degree in Statistics, Math, Engineering, Computer Science or a related quantitative field. • 3+ years' experience as a data scientist or data analyst in which you have extracted meaning from big data sets with little engineering support. • Working knowledge of data mining techniques, including regression analysis, clustering, decision trees, etc. and strong grasp of hypothesis formation and testing. • At least 3 years of experience with SQL and SAS/R/Python and working with large relational and non-relational databases. • Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy. • Experience with self-service reporting and data exploration / data visualization tool Tableau and advanced MS Office skills. • Ability to operate successfully and independently in a fast-paced and collaborative environment. • Comfort with ambiguity and eagerness to learn new skills. • Strong communication skills, both verbal and written with ability to present to large audience. • Strong in follow-through and open to feedback and self-improvement. • Proactive and resourceful, willing to try new ideas & explore while ad. Job Description: Banking Strategy team's goal is to help the organization make fact based and scientifically developed decisions around risk and opportunities, which help drive top and bottom line growth. The incumbent is expected to mine comapany book of business to identify new or existing customer opportunities for the Banking group. You will be part of the team that delivers predictive analytics solutions and data models and contribute to towards achieving bank's lending and deposit growth. Functional responsibilities include generating business insights, developing customer segmentation, predictive models, marketing optimization, and quantitative market research. The candidate will think strategically and apply advanced analytical methods to drive business decisions and outcomes. You will closely partner with other parts of the bank such as Product, IT partners, marketing and field engagement teams.
