This opening is with Arconic Engines – a world leader in the investment casting of super alloys, aluminum and titanium primarily for jet aircraft and industrial gas turbine markets.  For more information on Arconic, visit us online at www.arconic.com. This position will be located at Arconic Engines Research Center (AEN HRC) within the Engineering Services Group with responsibilities to include: Provide statistical analysis support and mentoring to AEN HRC laboratory and production facilities. Support Information Technology group with data structure and interface planning. Use statistical analysis software tools such SAS, JMP, Minitab, R and Power Bi to identify correlations, optimizations and improve organizational understanding of pertinent subject matters. Provide and coordinate data analytics training. Support Arconic Engine customer data sharing activities. Support yield improvement activities with advanced data analytics at Arconic Engine facilities globally. Work closely with diverse technical teams on process improvement and development efforts. Qualifications Basic Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Data Science, Statistics or Mathematics from an accredited institution. Employees must be legally authorized to work in the United States. Verification of employment eligibility will be required at the time of hire. Visa sponsorship is not available for this position. This position is subject to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) which requires U.S. person status.  ITAR defines U.S. person as an U.S. Citizen, U.S. Permanent Resident (i.e. ‘Green Card Holder’), Political Asylee, or Refugee. Preferred Qualifications: Hands on experience manipulating and applying advanced statistical analysis methods to real-word data. In depth knowledge of statistical software packages. Self starter, strong interpersonal skills and ability to function and drive to excel within a team environment. Strong written and oral communication skills; project planning ability; and ability to effectively use MS Office applications.
