Data Scientist  
Work Location: 
Menomonee Fall, WI 53051 
 Description:  
$70 - $75 per hour 
Contact Tricia Jones 
   Contract currently budgeted up to 12 – months, but seeking a candidate that is will to extend contract to possibly 18 -24 months    
  
 Summary:   
Position within the corporate research and development group of a large industrial company.  
Develop and apply cutting-edge machine learning, data analytics, AI and optimization algorithms to create new intelligent devices, solutions and services for industrial applications 
Develop and deploy data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms. 
Evaluate and analyze new tools and recommend data strategy changes as needed 
Data engineering - assist in designing and implementing efficient and robust ETL workflows. 
Manager interested in staffing the position for 18-24 months.  
  
 Qualifications :  
Master’s degree (PhD degree preferred) in Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics, or Computer Science from an accredited institution. 
Foundational understanding of advanced machine learning and data analytics techniques such as deep learning, boosting, random forests, SVMs with strong mathematical understanding of the algorithms. 
Ability to prototype data analytics algorithms and apply them to create solutions to problems in a variety of domains such as prognostics, asset health management, predictive modeling, forecasting and adaptive systems. 
Software development skills in one or more high level languages and/or common machine learning programming tools (  e.g. Matlab/Python/R/Weka  ). 
Experience developing and deploying data analytics solutions on big data and cloud platforms such as   Azure, AWS, Oracle, Hadoop, Spark   highly desired 
Some industrial experience in building production grade, end-to-end machine learning and data analytics enabled solutions from concept to implementation is highly desired. 
Some electrical power system domain knowledge with experience in applying machine learning technologies very desirable  
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Menomonee Falls, WI 53051 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
