An autonomous subsidiary of one of the world’s largest transportation and delivery services is looking for a Lead Data Scientist to come in and implement DS best practices, identify use cases and data applications as well as grow a team! You’ll be working with a variety of data ranging from raw sensory data to user metadata to networking and systems data.  Experience with ML application is important but more-so you’ll be evaluating what and how to implement it at a higher level so hands-on coding isn’t required, but creativity is! Required Skills & Experience BS in Computer Science or related areas in data technologies 7+ years of experience developing production grade high quality software Expert in one or more of modern Big Data system (i.e. Hadoop, Druid, Cassandra, etc.) Experience with both supervised and non-supervised machine learning methods to develop analytics and data insights Excellent Python and/or programming skills Experience building large scale distributed systems spanning tens to hundreds of nodes Excellent written and verbal communication skills Desired Skills & Experience PhD in related field Experience with distributed computing, such as Hadoop, Spark, and/or an MPP environment Experience with machine learning frameworks (i.e. PyTorch, TensorFlow, Theano, Keras, etc.) Familiar with working in a start-up environment What You Will Be Doing Tech Breakdown 50% Data transformation, integration of batch and real-time data flows 50% Creating data at Rest analytics platforms Daily Responsibilities 60% Hands On 40% Management Duties The Offer Competitive Salary: Up to $240K/year, DOE Flexible work hours + good work/life balance Unlimited paid vacation Monthly team outings Free food/beer Fridays Unique startup environment Opportunity to travel to Asia 1-2x per year You will receive the following benefits: Medical Insurance & Health Savings Account (HSA) 401(k) Paid Sick Time Leave Pre-tax Commuter Benefit Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis now and in the future. Jobspring Partners, part of the Motion Recruitment network, provides IT Staffing Solutions (Contract, Contract-to-Hire, and Direct Hire) across 10 major North American markets. Our unique expertise in today’s highest demand tech skill sets, paired with our deep networks and knowledge of our local technology markets, results in an exemplary track record with candidates and clients.
