Overview 

 
Our client has an exciting role for a data scientist with a passion for data visualization to join a fast-paced, leading-edge team working to help advance it&rsquo;s publishing business. In this role, you will be working with a small team of data scientists and analysts to rapidly prototype data applications and analytics tools to serve our fast-growing imprint. 

The full-time, contract position will report into the Director, Data Science and Analytics and will be responsible for developing robust data visualizations and reporting tools that align with the business needs of our team. 
This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to work with structured and unstructured data to build visualizations that support inference as well as machine learning model development. You&rsquo;ll be working with a small team of professionals based remotely. Hours are flexible. Two scheduled check-ins/code reviews are required weekly. 
 Responsibilities    
Collaborate with team to develop data visualizations that support inference and analysis by a wide range of stakeholders 
Creating custom visualizations that help decision makers quickly understand the underlying data. 
Build tools to automate data visualization and reporting 
Develop the user interface and design of dashboards, static reports, notifications and other tools. 
Support data processing and the development of analytical models through data visualization techniques  
 Skills and experience:    
Background in data science or equivalent continuing education 
Background in user interface design and/or front-end web development 
Demonstrated ability to distill complex information into easy to understand and interpret visualizations and graphics. 
Strong knowledge of Python required. 
Demonstrated proficiency using D3.js, ggplot2, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Plot.ly, Tableau and/or other common data visualization tools 
Understanding of HTML, CSS, JS, SVG as pertains to the development of lightweight, embeddable data visualizations. 
Demonstrated experience plotting timeseries, geodata, financial data and other structured and unstructured data types. 
Experience in designing responsive data visualizations that can be viewed across a range of devices. 
Familiarity with the information design concepts such as the &lsquo;Grammar of Graphics&rsquo; and statistical plotting techniques. 
Knowledge of Git/GitHub and software development workflows 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Ability to summarize key findings into clear and actionable recommendations, and to interact with individuals at all levels. 
Strong project management skills and ability to plan and prioritize work in a fast-paced environment. 
Passionate about building tools that support strong feedback loops and user engagement  
 To apply:  
Please send a link to your work samples on Github and your LinkedIn profile or a pdf of your resume to:   jmoore@jmstechsolutions.com      

Job Summary

                                         
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today
