Duties : Research, design, and deploy innovative algorithms and models, building algorithmic frameworks to improve customer targeting in sales and designing and building an intelligent platform to assist sales associates. Lead the research, design and implementation of cutting-edge machine learning algorithms that leverage diverse sources of data, including structured and unstructured sources. Partner with sales, marketing and operations teams to analyze business need and formulate key problems to address and develop innovative machine learning solutions. Utilize big data technologies to develop queries and processes for ETL (Extract, Transform, and Load). Design experiments to test the implementation of algorithms and deploy experiments in business settings. Deliver presentations to high-level business stakeholders that tell cohesive, logical stories to address business challenges. 10% domestic travel for visiting sales/service call centers to operationalize data science models and to attend data science conferences.
 Requirements : Requires a Master's degree (or foreign equivalent) in Mathematics, Statistics, Information Systems, or a directly related field plus one (1) year of experience as a data scientist or in a related position.
 
Must have 1 year of experience in each of the following (experience may be gained concurrently): 
Mathematical and economic modelling using Python and R 
Creating algorithmic solutions using Python, Airflow, or equivalents 
Data extraction, transformation, and analysis using SQL (MS-SQL, Vertica), R, and Python 
Identification of data patterns to achieve business results 
Designing experiments for A|B testing, analysis and modeling of test data 
Building predictive models using Machine Learning algorithms in Python  Will accept a Bachelor's degree plus three (3) years of described experience.
Experience may be gained before, during, or after issuance of advanced degree.
Please submit resumes to Employer LLC, 100 Huntington Avenue, 4 Copley Place, Boston, MA 02116 or via https://www.wayfaircareers.com/jobs/o4C29fwB?lang=en-us , Job Code: 24370.
 
  About Us: 
 
 Employer is one of the world's largest online destinations for the home. Whether you work in our global headquarters in Boston or Berlin, or in our warehouses or offices throughout the world, we're reinventing the way people shop for their homes. Through our commitment to industry-leading technology and creative problem-solving, we are confident that Employer will be home to the most rewarding work of your career. If you're looking for rapid growth, constant learning, and dynamic challenges, then you'll find that amazing career opportunities are knocking.
 
 No matter who you are, Employer is a place you can call home. We're a community of innovators, risk-takers, and trailblazers who celebrate our differences, and know that our unique perspectives make us stronger, smarter, and well-positioned for success. We value and rely on the collective voices of our employees, customers, community, and suppliers to help guide us as we build a better Employer - and world - for all. Every voice, every perspective matters. That's why we're proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship status, marital status, disability, gender identity, gender expression, veteran status, or genetic information.
 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02298 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         3625_42038923
