Look for more than answers.   At Quest, we are on a continuous journey of discovery and development. It’s this attitude that has made us an industry leader and the #1 Diagnostic Lab in the US. For those joining us, we offer exciting and fast-moving career opportunities where you can affect change at a rate unheard of in many organizations of our size and scope. While we invest in and develop technology to drive our innovations, our ongoing success relies on our people. As a Data Scientist, you will work for the world leader in the industry, with a career where you will have the opportunity to collaborate and affect change while expanding your leadership skills and technical knowledge. You can make a real impact in a market that is growing and developing. Data Scientist, the role:   The Data Scientist will support the franchises by using internal Quest Diagnostics data and externally purchased market data to inform key business decisions.  The main purpose of this role is to turn data into insights that drive key decisions for the organization and our clients. Job responsibilities: Provide biostatistical consultation to clients or colleagues. Analyze archival data such as laboratory, medical, prescription, and death records. Read current literature, attend meetings or conferences, and talk with colleagues to keep abreast of methodological or conceptual developments in fields such as actuarial sciences, data science, biostatistics, risk management, pharmacology, life sciences, and social sciences. Prepare articles for publication or presentation at professional conferences. Calculate sample size requirements for studies. Write program code to analyze data and develop predictive models using SAS statistical analysis software. Write detailed analysis plans and descriptions of analyses and findings for research protocols or reports. Prepare tables and graphs to present data or results. Draw conclusions or make predictions based on data summaries or statistical analyses. Develop or implement data analysis and reporting algorithms. Design research studies in collaboration with physicians, life scientists, underwriters, or other professionals. Analyze data using statistical approaches such as longitudinal analysis, mixed effect modeling, logistic regression analyses proportional hazards regression, and other model building techniques. To qualify, the ideal candidate will have the following: Bachelor’s degree in Actuarial Sciences, Biostatistics, Mathematics, Risk Management, Data Science or other closely related field.  Experience and demonstrable success will be considered in place of education Master’s degree in Actuarial Sciences, Biostatistics, or Data Science preferred Experience working with datasets in the life insurance and/or health care industries.  Experience with SAS strongly preferred.  Experience with other statistical languages such as R and Python will be considered. Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. Ability to use advanced statistics and mathematics to solve problems and develop models.  Additional skills preferred: Statistics/Mathematics -- Using advanced statistics and mathematics to solve problems and develop models.  Critical Thinking -- Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Complex Problem Solving -- Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Judgment and Decision Making -- Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Science -- Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. Writing -- Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Reading Comprehension -- Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Active Listening -- Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Active Learning -- Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Speaking -- Talking to others to convey information effectively, including in the context of formal industry presentations.. Programming -- Writing SAS statistical and other computer programs for various purposes. Learning Strategies -- Selecting and using largely self-directed training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things. Apply Today Join us for competitive benefits and development opportunities in a progressive and supportive environment. Help us improve our service, and the experiences of our patients and colleagues. Work with us and together we can be better.   Your Quest career. Seek it out. All requirements are subject to possible modifications to reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities. Quest Diagnostics is an Equal Opportunity Employer: Women / Minorities / Veterans / Disabled / Sexual Orientation / Gender Identity. *cb*
