Description HR Data Scientist AdventHealth Information Technology Location Address: Inspiration Avenue, Altamonte Springs FL Top Reasons To Work At AdventHealth Corporate •         Great benefits •         Immediate Health Insurance Coverage •         Career growth and advancement potential •         Award-winning IT Department Work Hours/Shift: Full-Time, Monday – Friday   You Will Be Responsible For: Routine (Monthly/Annually) •               Seek to understand people-related business problems and help frame them into actual research questions that can be answered with data •               Bring together our organization’s data, as well as external data and research, to help our business leaders understand and act on people issues. •               Data-driven and highly analytical, you can translate data and insights into meaningful visualizations and stories to drive strategy, action, and decision-making at executive levels, within HR, and with people managers. •               Use platforms, programming, and systems to establish single-source data to be leveraged across the business to support insights and improved decision-making. •               Design academically rigorous research studies within the context of our business and industry. •               Lead data-driven and evidence-based research to support delivery of people metrics, reporting, and advanced predictive analytics. •               You are able to align research priorities with business priorities. •               Leverage academic expertise and knowledge of HR industry and people analytics trends to address practical business challenges. •               Collaborate with and communicate broadly within the people analytics team, HR, IT, and the business to expand our data universe and publish analyses. •               Be a constant learner, active listener, and teacher to advance data science and people analytics in our organization. •               Exude passion for your field, people analytics, and our organization both internally and externally to establish us as a thoughtful and effective user of data and people analytics.   Qualifications KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS REQUIRED: •         Experience in research design, visualization techniques, and analysis approaches in which you manage and analyze both structured and unstructured data. •         Experience in advanced statistical methods around hypothesis testing, clustering, machine learning predictions, and text mining. •         Experience modeling high dimensional data. •         Experience with tools and languages such as SQL, Alteryx, R or Python, and in the design and implementation of data pipelines that support the continuous delivery of insight •         Experience with Business Intelligence tools such as QlikView or Tableau. KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS PREFERRED: •         Understanding of the external people analytics landscape and trends. •         Ideally experience with people research, the human capital domain, and the healthcare industry. EDUCATION REQUIRED: •         Masters (or Bachelor with a minimum of 5 years of experience) in a quantitative field where research and quantitative methods have direct applicability to people research in organizations (data science, statistics, economics, quantitative psychology, organization behavior, social psychology, sociology, bioinformatics/biostatistics, neuroscience, operations research, statistics, management science, etc.) EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE PREFERRED: •         PhD in a quantitative field where research and quantitative methods have direct applicability to people research in organizations (data science, statistics, economics, quantitative psychology, organization behavior, social psychology, sociology, bioinformatics/biostatistics, neuroscience, operations research, statistics, management science, etc.)   Summary: As an HR data scientist on our people analytics team, you will be responsible for strategic analytics initiatives, people research, and experimentation. You solve essential business and HR challenges around attracting, developing, retaining, and motivating the best talent. You focus on key issues such as predicting great hires or employees at risk of leaving, and supporting our company’s employee engagement, and our diversity and inclusion goals and objectives. This facility is an equal opportunity employer and complies with federal, state and local anti-discrimination laws, regulations and ordinances.
