Location:  New Brunswick, NJ Duration:12 Months (Possible extension) Title: Data Scientist II -   Description: Principal Duties & Responsibilities  The candidate will conduct studies using electronic databases for projects related to submissions to regulatory agencies in the US and internationally. The candidate will develop oral presentations, abstracts, and posters for presentation at international conferences as part of a team. You will occasionally travel to present your work. The candidate will also prepare and submit manuscripts to scientific journals, as agreed by the team, and respond to reviewers’ comments. In addition, the role requires generating needed technical reports or real-world evidence for regulatory submissions. Innovation in the methodologies used for real-world evidence and understanding the Guidance documents published by the FDA and other regulatory bodies is required.  Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position.  | Data Scientist II -|Description:|Principal Duties & Responsibilities  The candidate will conduct studies using electronic databases for projects related to submissions to regulatory agencies in the US and internationally. The candidate will develop oral presentations, abstracts, and posters for presentation at international conferences as part of a team. You will occasionally travel to present your work. The candidate will also prepare and submit manuscripts to scientific journals, as agreed by the team, and respond to reviewers’ comments. In addition, the role requires generating needed technical reports or real-world evidence for regulatory submissions. Innovation in the methodologies used for real-world evidence and understanding the Guidance documents published by the FDA and other regulatory bodies is required.  Close collaboration with cross-functional teams involving R&D leaders, data scientists, healthcare researchers and healthcare providers is a key requirement of this position. 
