Business Intelligence Manager/ Data Scientist Principal Duties & Responsibilities Anixter is seeking a Global Business Intelligence (BI) Manager who is responsible for modeling complex supply chain problems, discovering company insights and identifying opportunities using statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytic skills, this role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, and communicating results. A successful candidate will need a combination of business focus, strong analytical and problem-solving skills and programming knowledge to be able to quickly cycle hypothesis through the discovery phase of the project. Excellent written and communications skills to report back the findings in a clear, structured manner are required. Additionally, they will be responsible for the following: Drives collaboration between functions, stakeholders, project/program managers, and other IT teams to turn data into critical information that is congruent and reliable and can be used to make sound organizational decisions. Creates a single version of the truth across different data sources with multidimensional or tabular models. Leads discovery processes with business stakeholders to identify the business requirements and the expected outcome. Works with and alongside stakeholders by suggesting other solutions of interest to the business. Models and frames business scenarios that are meaningful and which impact on critical business processes and/or decisions. Identifies what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes such as SharePoint. Collaborates with business subject matter experts to select the relevant sources of information. Makes strategic recommendations on data collection, integration and retention requirements incorporating business requirements. Strong analytical skills including ability to identify key data sources and utilize data driven insights to effectively improve business decisions; Ability to effectively diagnose and troubleshoot problems that may arise; Ability to analyze qualitative data; Exceptional analytical, statistical, quantitative, and deduction skills. Develops innovative and effective approaches to solve businesses analytics problems and communicates results and methodologies. Works in iterative processes with the business and validates findings. Develops systematic approaches to validate finding or test hypotheses. Validates analysis using scenario modeling. Identifies/creates the appropriate algorithm to discover patterns. Assesses, with the business, opportunities to enhance the qualification and assurance of the information to strengthen the use case. Defines the validity of the information, how long the information is meaningful, and what other data relationships. Works with the data stewards to ensure that the information is in compliance with the governance and security policies in place. Develops usage and access control policies and systems in collaboration with data stewards. Partners with the data stewards in continuous improvement processes impacting data quality in the context of the specific use case. Recommends ongoing improvements to methods and algorithms that lead to findings, including new information. Responsible for the implementation, configuration, maintenance, and performance of critical SQL Server to ensure the availability and consistent performance of our corporate applications. Education & Experience: Bachelor degree in mathematics, statistics or computer science or related field; Master degree preferred. Requires 7-10 years of relevant data and analytics experience. Solid knowledge of statistical techniques, proficiency in the use of statistical packages (R, Python, SQL) and Statistical modeling (like SAS Proficiency in statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, multivariate testing, and optimization algorithms. The ability to come up with solutions to loosely defined business problems by leveraging pattern detection over potentially large datasets. Strong programming skills with Microsoft BI stack, such as Azure Analysis, SQL Server (SSIS, SSRS, SSAS) or other big data frameworks Strong knowledge of T-SQL Stored Procedures, DAX, MDX, Triggers and DTS development Experience using machine learning algorithms. Experience leading teams. In-depth industry/business knowledge. Strong communication and interpersonal skills. Knowledge of one or more business/functional areas. Company Information Anixter International is a leading global distributor of Network & Security Solutions, Electrical& Electronic Solutions and Utility Power Solutions. We help build, connect, protect, and power valuable assets and critical infrastructures. From enterprise networks to industrial MRO supply to video surveillance applications to electric power distribution, we offer full-line solutions, and intelligence, that create reliable, resilient systems that sustain businesses and communities. Work Environment Our founders developed the Blue Book more than 40 years ago to present the beliefs and ethos that define our business style. While we have grown and changed dramatically since we were established in 1957, one thing has remained constant: our commitment to the values presented in the Blue Book. You can review The Blue Book here. Anixter is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer; Minority / Female / Disabled / Veteran. We require all of our employees to perform work in an ethical manner and uphold a culture of honesty and ethics at all times. Click here to apply online EB-1520392222
