Apex Systems, the nation’s 2nd largest Information Technology Staffing organization, has an opening for a Data Scientist to work within one of our large clients in the Indianapolis. IN area. This 12+ month contract with the possibility of extension. Please send your resume to Brooke Hileman at bhileman@apexsystems.com if you're interested in learning more about this role! To view all jobs from Apex, and/or sign up to receive posting alerts that match your criteria, join our Talent Network via http://itcareers.apexsystemsinc.com/. The Junior Data Scientist position will work with agency partners and outside stakeholders to gather and analyze data regarding a variety of issues and topics in order to develop data driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Essential Duties/Responsibilities : Works with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging data to drive business solutions; Munges, cleans, and prepares data; Mines and analyzes data from state databases to drive optimization and improvement of program development, marketing techniques and business strategies; Assesses the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques; Performs exploratory data analysis in order to understand state data; Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently; Develops analytic and predicative models for business needs; Coordinates with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes; Create meaningful visualizations that communicate information and answers; Performs related duties as assigned. Job Requirements: Minimally, candidates will have a bachelor’s degree in statistics, math, computer science, informatics, economics, or related fields.  Advanced degrees in these subject areas preferred. General knowledge of statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests, etc.); Novice understanding of Python and SQL Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on data driven solutions; Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams; Ability to analyze policies and procedures and be able to recommend improvements; Excellent oral and written communication skills; Ability to work independently, anticipate problems and initiate corrective actions; Ability to effectively prioritize a variety of projects and functions; Ability to research and document findings; Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships. EEO Employer Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
