Ref ID: 04951-0010991195 Classification: Business Analyst Compensation: $43.54 to $50.41 per hour Title: Data Scientist Length: Contract to Hire Location: Dallas TX 75206 The Data Scientist will work with our Enterprise Information Management (EIM) and Corporate Analytics (CA) teams to improve data access and integration. This will include construction of self-service capability that allows for deeper mining of the data as well as reports and dashboards. The Data Scientist will work closely with EIM BI Engineers to be data subject matter experts as the Data Lake environment is constructed. This will include an understanding of data sources and data structures, understanding and discovery of data quality issues and design of aggregations and transformations. In addition, this position will work with CA Data Scientists to develop and improve their statistics skills. This will involve statistical model development and other analytic based research that reveals key insights that drive the strategic direction of corporate initiatives. ? Leverage large proprietary and third-party datasets in novel ways to derive insights and optimize processes ? Participate in requirement definition and development of automated data pipelines and maintenance of cloud based analytical databases (warehouse) and tables ? Monitor processing of data out of data lake into production data warehouses to ensure data quality ? Develop and implement periodic data quality tests for production data ? Participate in the construction of research data suitable for statistical research, testing, and prediction ? Produce daily, monthly and quarterly reports and dashboards ? Interpret data, extract trends and create action plans from data and statistical analysis ? Collaborate with agencies and partners to ensure continuity and advancement of analytics reporting and analysis QUALIFICATIONS ? Data Engineering and Reporting ? Solid understanding of ETL processes and data warehouse design and structure ? Solid handle around various programming tools and open source applications that enhance data and analytic integration to accomplish data wrangling/cleansing and advanced statistical analysis (e.g. R, Python, Airflow, SAS, SQL, Tableau, GCP) ? Familiarity with the intersection of Big data environments and analytics such as data lake construction, cloud based analytical data storage (Big Query, Redshift or Snowflake), Automated Data Pipelines, GCP applications, and cloud deployment ? Experience translating requests and requirements into concise and useful reports ? Statistical Modeling ? Basic understanding of statistical techniques including regression (OLS, GLMs, logistic) and other core multivariate techniques ? Familiar with deep learning techniques, machine learning algorithms, text mining / NLP, and A.I. concepts EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE ? Master of Science or equivalent experience in a quantitative field (computer science, physics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, bioinformatics, etc.) with an emphasis on predictive modeling. ? 2+ years of professional experience in a technical and/or analytical role. No actuarial exams required. ---We are scheduling interviews for this position THIS WEEK so if you are at all interested in being considered please apply online or send your resume directly to allyson.kulliver@rht.com--- ---Due to the rate at which the client is hiring only applicants local to the DFW area will be considered.---
