Jefferson Frank is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to join an exciting startup that is distrupting the market. Do you like to work in an open, collaborative environment? Do you like a challenge? If so, Keep reading! You will be building out the Machine Learning and Deep Learning models to enable interesting and innovative insights from data. You'll work with Data Engineers and Architects who will support the system upon which you rely! You will help our client gain the most value from thier data. In This Role You Will Develop machine learning models to better detect digital threats and surface interesting data to our customers Analyze our data to ensure that it's consistent and correct Develop and maintain machine learning models that support our detection, analysis, blacklists, and data pipeline Deliver value to our customers through increasing breath and depth of detection Develop and code data models The Ideal Candidate: AWS experience Prior data science experience working with languages like R, Python, or Java Ability to deliver in a fast-paced, self-directed environment Ability to learn new concepts, tools, languages, and models An analytical mindset A love of data and finding interesting questions to ask of it Experience working with MAPReduce On-site 5 days a week Benefits & Bonus Competitive Pay Opportunity to work ground breaking technologies Heath, Dental, and Vision Insurance Amazing Company Culture Competitive 401k Program If you or someone you know is interested in this position, please send your resume directly to s.evers@jeffersonfrank.com or call 480-530-2039 and ask for Sean. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
