Position Overview The Clinical Data Scientist supports the Clinical Informatics team with guidance from the Senior Data Scientists and above by applying business process knowledge and data analytics to support business decisions and objectives. The role requires the use of analytics to support the development of new, innovative solutions to business problems with the support of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Key Responsibilities Works under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists to run and where necessary, modify or create programs to support the prototyping of tools. Support software development to increase automation of modeling and forecasting processes. Support with the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above the preparation of work instructions to run programs and tools. Support under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above the building of hypotheses, identifies research data attributes and determines best approach to address business issues. Works internally and with clients to define, secure and prepare datasets for statistical modeling under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Explores data under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above by using a variety of statistical techniques to answer business questions or guide future model development. Builds programs under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above, for running statistical tests on data and for understanding correlation of various attributes. Supports development of experimental design for business initiatives under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Support the building predictive models needs under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Support the preparation of testing scenarios and tests model performance under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Consults additional data sources to supplement existing data, including publically available information or internally available information under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above. Works closely with business stakeholders under the supervision of the Senior Data Scientists and above to identify and answer critical questions Minimum Qualifications & Skills Knowledge building predictive models utilizing advanced statistical analysis, including generalized linear models, decision trees, logistic and multivariate regression. Knowledge of writing automation code in various programming languages. Able to communicate business implications of complex data relationships and results of statistical models to multiple business partners. Ability to learn new programming languages or software packages and apply them in a self-directed manor. Experience with R, Python or SQL Minimum Required: Two Years of experience in other professional roles Medasource provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, disability, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. Eight Eleven Group provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, citizenship, disability, genetic information, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, amnesty or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws.
