Top Skills: 3 - 5 years of experience with Data Analytics and programming - Python or R Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, or data mining concepts, and a track record of solving problems with these methods. Strong analytical and quantitative problem-solving ability. Proficient in one or more machine learning or statistical modeling tools such as ScikitLearn, Tensorflow, Keras, Python, Pandas SQL experience - solid understanding of joints, triggers, querying, etc. This person will be using SQL to manipulate and extract data, must have a thorough understanding of SQL 1 - 3 years of experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Alteryx Predictive Analytics, Time series modeling or forecasting, optimization, basic ML techniques Job Description: The Data Science and Innovation team was created to support every line of business within the company. They use Data Science to enhance business functionality. They work hand in hand with the business and provide them with the proper analytics to help drive better business outcomes. They are facing challenges around having too much data in data lake - about 14 petabytes of data. The mission of this team is - connecting how the data in this data lake can be leveraged to drive value for the business. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
