 ABOUT CARVANA…. Recently ranked #5 in Forbes Magazine’s list of America’s Most Promising Companies, Carvana offers the excitement, culture, and opportunity of a start-up, along with the capitalization and infrastructure of an established business. We sell cars, but we’re not salespeople. At Carvana, we’ve made it our mission to transform how cars are bought and sold. We saw a huge problem with how much it can suck to buy a car the traditional way so we committed to tackling one of the largest, yet-to-be-disrupted markets in the world – the $1T per year U.S. car market (yes, that’s $Trillion with a “T”). We provide a seamless, online car buying experience for consumers. From our searchable showroom of fully-inspected, certified cars, to high-resolution 360° photographs of our vehicles’ interior and exterior, to real-time financing and warranty packages. With delivery possible to the buyer’s driveway in 24 hours or pick-up available from one of our state-of-the-art car vending machines (yes, you read that right) all with a 7-day money back guarantee, customer satisfaction is at the core of our business. With no dealerships or commissioned sales people, we also save thousands of dollars per car that we pass on to our customers. For more information on Carvana, take a look at our company introduction video. WORKING AT CARVANA YOU WILL NOTICE THAT...: You'll need to be a great communicator, a brand ambassador, and possess the know how to get the job done. We expect bright people, willing to roll up their sleeves, take on new assignments, and juggle many things at once. In return for your hard work, you'll have an opportunity to work at one of the fastest growing and creative technology companies around, as well as help us promote a life-changing product and develop a world-class team every day. In our down time we have ping pong and corn hole (or “bags,” depending on where you’re from) tournaments. However, the pace is pretty quick around here, so you'll need to be prepared to keep up. We also have Wacky Pants Wednesdays…so you’ll have to come correct here to compete with our CEO Ernie.   JOB DESCRIPTION: We’re looking for a data scientist with a passion for tackling big problems. A member of our Predictive Modeling team, you will be embedded in our Advocate Center with a mission to identify opportunities to apply your unique skillset, ensure confidence in your products and promote their adoption among our Advocate teams. Your predictive models will inform decisions and drive real-time strategy in this critical area. You will have the opportunity to work with a top-caliber team of former professors and PhDs, develop insights from a large array of proprietary datasets, and apply cutting edge methods in machine learning, experimental design, simulation and optimization, and statistics. Most importantly, you will have the satisfaction of working side-by-side with our advocates and witnessing the direct impact your products have as they use them to enhance the customer experience.  RESPONSIBILITIES: Net-lift modeling Natural language processing Experimental design (difference-in-differences, establishing causality, estimating counterfactuals, etc.) Aggregate data from a variety of datasets, automate data collection and processing Develop optimization algorithms and guide integration with existing technology Communicate analytical findings to product development and operations teams Identify and drive new analytics initiatives Identify and drive implementation of new data sources REQUIRED SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE 2+ years of experience doing quantitative analysis, with proven experience delivering results on research or analytics projects B.S. in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or Statistics. Graduate degree preferred. Fluency in SQL and at least one statistical package such as R, SAS, MATLAB, etc. Strong understanding of statistics, experimental design and data mining methods Knowledge of other programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, or .Net) and/or experience with large data sets (e.g., Hadoop) is a plus Ability to prioritize and manage projects to completion without guidance Strong communication skills WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT IN RETURN…. A full-time, salaried position Medical (employee medical fully paid by Carvana), Dental, and Vision benefits A 401K with company match All the perks your heart desires (gym, snacks, iced coffee on tap) Access to opportunities to expand your skill set and share your knowledge with others across the organization LEGAL STUFF Hiring is contingent on passing a complete background check  Carvana is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran or disabled status, or genetic information. This role is not eligible for visa sponsorship.
