This client is a SaaS company with an A.I. software platform that uses deep learning algorithms to enable strategic, optimized trading of complex energy assets in wholesale energy markets. Their energy storage portfolio management software provides continuously optimized resource management, energy cost reduction, and revenue generation for largescale energy users and utilities - essentially help provide clean energy. They are looking to hire a Senior Data Scientist with a background in software development. Being able to code in production with either Python or Java is preferred - there is flexibility when it comes to preferred programming language. Candidates should also have experience with optimization whether that's through software development experience or building out models, algorithms, data structures. A background in Operations Research or Industrial Engineering is required as well - this involves taking a physical system and representing it as a model with variables, constraints, and an objective that the practitioner is attempting to maximize, such as revenue. Any sort of AWS experience is preferred because their infrastructure is built on AWS. Day to day responsibility will include working with other Data Scientists to build optimization models. You'll also be contributing directly to the product that is trading energy at grid scale. Candidates should be prepared to build out frameworks in order to get into new energy markets across the world. This company is well funded and grew 50% from last year. Come contribute to this company's efforts to develop energy storage systems for cleaner, more affordable and reliable energy! Job Type: Full Time To be considered for this role, please call me at 303-558-4401 or email me your most up-to-date resume at t.cho@jeffersonfrank.com. Jefferson Frank is the global leader for Amazon Web Services recruitment, advertising more AWS roles than any other agency. We deal with both AWS Partners & End Users throughout North America. By specializing solely in placing candidates in the AWS market we have built relationships with most of the key employers in North America and have a complete understanding of where the best opportunities and AWS jobs are. Jefferson Frank is acting as an Employment Agency in relation to this vacancy.
