Sr. Full Stack Data Scientist (Personalization Science Velocity Team) NIKE, Inc. does more than outfit the world's best athletes. It is a place to explore potential, obliterate boundaries and push out the edges of what can be. The company looks for people who can grow, think, dream and create. Its culture thrives by embracing diversity and rewarding imagination. The brand seeks achievers, leaders and visionaries. At Nike, it’s about each person bringing skills and passion to a challenging and constantly evolving game. Nike, Inc.'s storytellers, Marketing and Communication sets the brand tone. A creative force of specialists tell Nike’s stories of innovation and sport through advertising, brand strategy, digital engagement and product presentation. Using channels ranging from retail stores to social media, Marketing & Communication teams connect the science and art of Nike innovations to the hearts and minds of athletes around the world. The Role The Personalization Science Velocity team plays a key role in driving our company’s machine learning efforts to fruition. You will get a chance to collaborate on various ML initiatives with partner science teams, scale our capabilities, build automation and tooling for launching offline and online tests, in addition to evaluating and visualizing model performance. If you are a visionary who is determined to explore creative ways of solving problems and are driven by a desire to work with big data, distributed computing, real-time recommender systems, and working with the latest ML technologies, then you will find Nike a perfect fit. At Nike you would be responsible for being part of a team that is building the next generation of personalized experiences that power many of our digital channels delivering direct and unbreakable relationships with hundreds of millions of our customers. We're looking for full stack data scientist who bring innovative ideas from multiple disciplines, including, distributed computing, large-scale system design, analytics, machine learning, code and model optimization, UI design; to name a few. The personalization team operates like a startup where your contribution will have direct impact on the solutions and tooling that we build to accelerate personalization science teams and take our capabilities to the next level. You will be in the center of Nike’s key strategic initiative that values personalization on top of the list of our organization’s digital transformation. You will work closely with our science, data, and engineering partners on multiple projects that span from content personalization, search optimization, product recommendations to image recognition. Besides working on and building innovative solutions at Nike, you will enjoy an amazing sport inspired campus while taking advantage of great work-life balance. Hit the trails, scale those mountains, and enjoy the plethora of Portland’s art, music, and food scene! A candidate should be experienced in machine learning algorithms, software design patterns, distributed computing, data structures principles, real-time data processing, analytics, statistics, BI tools, and UI design. We’re looking for full stack data scientists who thrive in a dynamic setting and can help Nike accelerate personalization strategic goals. You’ll get to work side by side with scientists and engineers with a breadth of experiences across industry and academia, including in machine learning, statistics, neuroscience, and physics. You’ll get a chance to work with incredible talent and learn new skills that will take your career to the next stage. Key responsibilities will include: •Participate in cutting edge application of machine learning algorithms. •Design and implement ML tools that will increase the speed of personalization science team efforts. •Build benchmark datasets and tools to increase offline testing capabilities. •Capture, measure, and visualize the efforts of various personalization initiatives. Qualifications •Degree(s) in computer science, statistics, math, physics or other quantitative discipline •2 or more years of working on machine learning projects in professional settings or previous experience of working with science teams. •Experience working with large datasets in distributed computing platforms such as Spark •Experience with A/B test experimentation processes •Knowledge of data structure design concepts and code/model optimization techniques •Experience building data visualizations utilizing tools such as: Tableau, AWS QuickSight, or custom solutions with D3.js •Experience building web apps/prototypes utilizing javascript frameworks such as react.js •Experience in building/working with service-oriented architecture •Expertise in python programming language and working knowledge of Scala is a plus •Expertise in distributed computing ecosystems, especially spark •Core mathematical ability to understand and utilize common machine learning algorithms and proficiency to apply statistics to data problems •Proficiency in SQL •Expertise with ETL processes is a plus •Exceptional communication skills
