" Data Scientist will collaborate with outstanding team of scientists in Immunology & Inflammation Therapeutic Area at Client. The candidate is expected to develop and maintain bioinformatics infrastructure to drive research programs, by supporting experimental design, data analysis, data interpretation and troubleshooting. The candidate is expected to: Support a wide array of data analysis, loading, management and curation needs for research biologists. Engage in the development of Client pipeline and algorithm for multi-omic analysis, including NGS, metabolomics and proteomics. Engage in implementing best practices in analyzing in-house generated datasets. Mine publicly available data to generate hypothesis regarding autoimmunity and skin inflammation. Develop new algorithms and analysis methods, compare and optimize existing approaches to analyze multi-omic data for leading-edge targeted enrichment and other high throughput sequencing applications. Analyze and interpret multi-omic data. Perform statistical meta-analyses of sources of variation affecting assay performance. Communicate results of bioinformatics analyses to bioinformatics groups, experimental groups, and cross-site collaborators. Present results in internal and external meetings. " " Proficiency in Single-Cell RNA-Seq analysis pipeline is required. Previous analysis experience with omic data, including NGS, proteomic and metabolomics data. Proficiency in NGS data analysis, including commonly used open source tools, variant detection algorithms, variant annotation, and QC metrics. Proficiency building and maintaining large NGS based datasets, including familiarity with relational databases and statistical programming (languages and packages such as SQL, Python, R, Bioconductor, Shiny, and Pandas). Strong understanding of statistics and ability to generate robust statistical models for predicting outcomes in multidimensional data. Ability to work independently and strong troubleshooting skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. Experience with immunology and/or industrial bioinformatics is preferred. " " Ph.D. in bioinformatics, biostatistics, computer science, computational biology, or a related discipline. Minimum of 3 years relevant experience with at least 1-year industry experience preferred. "
