CELEBRATE YOUR PERSONALITY AND TEAM SPIRIT. GROW THROUGH YOUR CHOICES. MAKE YOUR MARK. North Highland has a mantra: Unleash Potential Together. For our clients, it means we challenge thinking and build capabilities, so that after each engagement, they are left stronger and inspired to do more. With our colleagues, it means fostering an environment where bringing, shaping, growing and sharing ideas isn’t just encouraged—it’s expected. And within our communities, it means we give of our skills, time and passion to make them more prosperous. Senior Data Scientist,  Advanced Analytics & Data Engineering The amazing work you’ll get to do with North Highland will include: Partner with our account teams in helping to scope, lead and deliver our Data & Analytics capability offerings with a focus on Advanced Analytics consulting work. Be a contributor to the growth of this capability at North Highland through involvement at the beginning stages of the sales cycle through to delivery. Help sell, scope, and deliver a wide range of advanced analytics services, including: text and social insights, experience economics, machine learning on big data, and data driven correlation discovery. Lead efforts for understanding data and produce actionable, trustworthy conclusions. Design and implement analytic models at all phases of an advanced analytics life-cycle, from rapid prototyping through operationalizing, including appropriate documentation for using ML models in a business that may not have strong data science capabilities. Seek to understand client problems with a business-first mindset, and tailor solutions to fit, based on client need, industry and function Help scope, lead and deliver other data & analytics solutions outside of advanced analytics, including in the areas of: information management, data engineering, and data visualization Mentor and lead junior Data & Analytics staff in advanced analytics and other D&A fields Collaborate creatively with our client account teams to grow existing and build new client relationships with some of the most exciting brands in the world Show a bias to action through high quality work delivered on time and on budget to our clients Provide strategic thinking, solutions, roadmaps and project leadership for all data and analytics work Be a thought leader in data analytics demonstrated by blog postings or white papers Adopt and communicate new concepts, ideas, techniques and best practices including prototyping new architecture methods, tools and products that might provide future value to our clients Participate in project reviews to insure architectural direction is continually followed In general, be a SME in Advanced Analytics and Data Engineering, be a great project leader, work inclusively and collaboratively with project and account teams, and contribute to North Highland Data & Analytics being a world class provider in this space The background and experience you will have: 4+ years of hands-on experience in solution architecture and delivery of analytics projects, including: statistical modeling, machine learning and big data systems familiarity with SQL Databases (SQL, Oracle, MySQL, etc.) Enterprise platforms and Business Intelligence/Data Warehousing, specifically related to data governance, documenting requirements, helping build full life-cycle BI/DW solutions, testing overall solutions, etc. Significant experience in Data Science and Machine Learning with a proven track record of delivering positive business impact. Extensive experience in Python or R, with flexibility to learn and work in new languages as needed. Extensive experience with wide array of analytical approaches, (predictive, propensity, sentiment, explanatory modeling, etc.) SQL Data warehouse skills Teradata, Redshift, or other enterprise platform Strong expertise in data visualization specifically Tableau and/or QlikView Excellent client and project management skills Agile project leadership experience A bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field (mathematics, statistics, computer science, economics, engineering, etc.) or equivalent. Relevant experience may be substituted for education as appropriate. Travel: Must be travel ready throughout the US Click HERE to apply North Highland is a global management consulting firm known for helping clients solve their most complex challenges related to customer experience, performance improvement, technology and digital, and transformation. We add value and support our clients across the full spectrum of consulting, from strategy through delivery. We bring the big ideas, then we make them real. North Highland is an employee-owned firm, headquartered in Atlanta, GA, with more than 3,000 consultants worldwide and 60+ offices around the globe. The firm is a member of Cordence Worldwide, a global management consulting alliance. For more information, visit northhighland.com and connect with us on LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook. North Highland is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and welcomes all qualified applicants. Applicants will receive fair and impartial consideration without regard to race, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, genetic data, or other legally protected status. 
