Our client is currently seeking a DATA SCIENTIST in Franklin Lakes, NJ & St. Louis, MO. If you are interested in the opportunity then please do respond me either via mail @ ijain@judge.com or call me on 610-619-6682. Title:                    Data Scientist Location:             Franklin Lakes, NJ & St. Louis, MO Duration:            12 months (Temp to Hire Opportunity) Job Description: This position is responsible for developing solutions to increase revenue and margin by utilizing Predictive Modeling, Segmentation and Machine learning methods. In addition, this position will be providing thought leadership in advanced analytic projects and solutions. The candidate should think strategically about the data and be willing to work in a dynamic and fast-paced environment without compromising the quality of work. The candidate will need to champion and drive projects from inception to delivery by working with senior leaders and business partners (IT, Clinical, Operations, etc). ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Lead the development of new Predictive models working with internal stakeholders from gathering requirements to delivery. Perform data mining by applying machine learning and supervised learning algorithms. Support advanced analytical and data mining efforts which could include but not limited to clustering, segmentation, logistic and multivariate regression, decision/CART trees, neural networks, time-series analysis, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, and Bayesian analysis Visualize, interpret, report, and communicate data findings creatively in a various formats and audiences using Tableau, ggplot. Think creatively and work well both as part of a team and as an individual contributor. REQUIRED SKILLS: Proven experience in developing and deploying production ML models using analytical methods such as regression, decision trees, support vector machines, Random Forests, Neural Networks. Have hands-on experience using relational database management systems and distributed computing (Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server, Hive SQL, Hadoop, DB2) Exceptional ability to communicate and present findings clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences Strong understanding of Supervised Learning methods Strong understanding of R/Python Experience with Spark/Scala/HDFS 3-5 years of relevant work experience (Healthcare preferred) QUALIFICATIONS MUST HAVE: Proven experience in developing and deploying production ML models using analytical methods such as regression, decision trees, support vector machines, Random Forests, Neural Networks. Have hands-on experience using relational database management systems and distributed computing (Oracle, Teradata, SQL Server, Hive SQL, Hadoop, DB2) Exceptional ability to communicate and present findings clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences Strong understanding of Supervised Learning methods Strong understanding of R/Python Experience with Spark/Scala/HDFS 3-5 years of relevant work experience (Healthcare preferred) ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: MS or PhD in Engg/CS/IS/Statistics Visualization experience in Tableau. Ggplot a plus PySpark/SparklyR Excellent interpersonal and collaboration skills Company Overview: Working at the crossroads of people and transformative technologies, The Judge Group delivers innovative business solutions - powered by top talent - to help organizations reach their strategic goals and realize opportunities now and in the future. The Judge Group is a leading professional services firm specializing in technology, talent, and learning solutions. Our services are successfully delivered through a network of more than 35 offices in the United States, Canada, China, and India. The Judge Group serves more than 40 Fortune 100 companies and is responsible for the placement of more than 4,500 professionals annually across a wide range of industries. To learn more, visit https://www.judge.com/ If you’re not entertaining new opportunities, no problem; definitely feel free to forward my info to your friends who might be interested. Feel free to reach me in case of any query….
