Infosys is seeking a Solution Consultant, Data Science for Nia AI Platform projects in Charlotte, NC. The candidate will be responsible for solutions consulting and end to end project development and deployment. This role is a lead position and will provide technical leadership and ownership of the projects success. Required Solution Consultant, Data Science Qualifications: Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Charlotte, NC or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel to project locations. Bachelor s Degree or foreign equivalent, will consider work experience in lieu of a degree 5+ years of experience with Information Technology Experience Python, NLP, AI, Big Data and J2EE Knowledge and experience with full SDLC lifecycle Experience with Scrum / Agile development methodologies U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency required, we are not able to sponsor at this time Preferred Solution Consultant, Data Science Qualifications: 8+ years experience with Information Technology 5+ years experience developing and deploying live projects in data science 3+ years experience in artificial intelligence or AI Able to understand client s AI needs, provide consultancy to clients and managing expectations Experience applying both technical and business skills to create Artificial Intelligence based solutions Experience in Solution Architecture and Consulting Understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts and recommendation and optimization algorithms Understanding of Deep learning and Neural Networks concepts Strong programming skills and advanced knowledge of Python and/or R Experience with Java and J2EE will be ideal Experience creating rich, meaningful data visualizations, experience with Tableau is preferred Knowledge/Experience with big data, Spark or Hadoop technologies is a plus Experience with text mining and analyzing unstructured data, NLP experience is ideal Strong written and verbal communication skills Strong analytical and creative mindset About Us Infosys is a global leader in technology services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation, staying a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help clients transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence. From engineering to application development, knowledge management and business process management, we help our clients find the right problems to solve, and to solve these effectively. Our team of 200,000 innovators, across the globe, is differentiated by the imagination, knowledge and experience, that we bring to every project we undertake. EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin
