UnitedHealth Group is an innovative leader in the health and well-being industry, serving more than 55 million Americans. Through our family of companies, we contribute outstanding clinical insight with consumer-friendly services and advanced technology to help people achieve optimal health. Combine two of the fastest-growing fields on the planet with a culture of performance, collaboration and opportunity and this is what you get. Leading edge technology in an industry that's improving the lives of millions. Here, innovation isn't about another gadget, it's about making health care data available wherever and whenever people need it, safely and reliably. There's no room for error. Join us and start doing your life's best work.(sm) Primary Responsibilities: Perform complex data analytics to identify insights that can be incorporated into strategic recommendations for improving analytical models Work in a cross-disciplinary environment to embed analytics into strategies that address business problems through data-driven solutions Clearly communicate findings and recommendations to a range of stakeholders Work as an individual contributor while also mentoring and leading less experienced data scientist Required Qualifications: Bachelor s degree obtained or equivalent experience 1+ years of experience working in a big data environment integrating data and extracting insights from information across multiple platforms (SAS, Hadoop, SQL servers) 1+ years of experience using SAS, Python, or similar software, for data management and analytics 1+ years of experience working with predictive modeling and segmentation Available location for this role is Santa Ana, CA Preferred Qualifications: Degree obtained in Computer Science or Statistics Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Excellent presentation skills MS PowerPoint Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective; make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) For more information on our Internal Job Posting Policy, click here. Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. Job Keywords: Sr. Data Scientist, Santa Ana, CA, California
