In the role of Senior Data Scientist with Infosys, you will interface with key stakeholders and apply your technical proficiency in machine learning, Python, R and algorithms. You will work across different stages of the Software Development Life Cycle including Requirements Elicitation, Application Architecture definition and Design. Required Senior Data Scientist Qualifications: Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Richardson, TX or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel. Bachelor s Degree or foreign equivalent, will consider work experience in lieu of a degree 5+ years of experience with Information Technology Experience in machine learning and statistics Knowledge and experience with full SDLC lifecycle Experience with Lean / Agile development methodologies U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency required, we are not able to sponsor at this time Preferred Senior D ata Scientist Qualifications: 6+ years of hands on experience with more than one programming language (Python, R, Scala, Java, SQL) 3+ years of experience in Machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as Neural Networks, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. 3+ years of experience with NLP, text analytics technologies Experience in common data science toolkits, such as R, Python Data Science Libraries, MatLab Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. Ability to work with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot Knowledge of query languages such as SQL, Hive is a plus Experience and desire to work in a Global delivery environment About Us Infosys is a global leader in technology services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation, staying a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help clients transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence. From engineering to application development, knowledge management and business process management, we help our clients find the right problems to solve, and to solve these effectively. Our team of 200,000 innovators, across the globe, is differentiated by the imagination, knowledge and experience, that we bring to every project we undertake. EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origin
