Infosys is seeking a Data Scientist for Nia Vision and Nia Contracts Analysis Platforms in our Palo Alto, CA offices. The candidate will responsible for exploration, building and enhancing its underlying machine learning (ML) and/or artificial intelligence (AI) models and integrating them into the common Nia platform ecosystem. Required Data Scientist Qualifications: Candidate must be located within commuting distance of Palo Alto, CA or be willing to relocate to the area. This position may require travel to project locations. Bachelor s Degree or foreign equivalent, will consider work experience in lieu of a degree 5+ years of experience with Information Technology Experience building and optimizing robust data pipelines at scale using technologies such as Spark, Kafka and HDFS. Experience working on live projects with a framework (TensorFlow, Torch/Pytorch, MXNet, and/or Caffe) Experience working on live projects using machine learning tool kits (scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Jupyter, NumPy etc.) Experience building and deploying on the Cloud such as AWS or Google Cloud. U.S. Citizenship or Permanent Residency required, we are not able to sponsor at this time Preferred Data Scientist Qualifications: MS or Ph.D. degree in computer science, data science or related focus 5+ years experience developing scalable and performant business-centric software using languages like Java, Scala, C++, Python, etc Strong and broad background in relevant theory familiar with statistical learning theory; information theory; recent theoretical results in machine learning; an excellent foundation in linear algebra. Experience building highly available, fault tolerant and scalable software and tools for production environments Experience with containerization technologies like Docker and Kubernetes Demonstrated track record of bringing applications from design through production and supporting them thereafter Experience working in a cross-functional role, working with product management, sales, marketing, devops and support A deep and unwavering commitment to software quality and customer satisfaction Strong written and verbal communication skills Experience working with a globally distributed team About Us Infosys is a global leader in technology services and consulting. We enable clients in more than 50 countries to create and execute strategies for their digital transformation, staying a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help clients transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence. From engineering to application development, knowledge management and business process management, we help our clients find the right problems to solve, and to solve these effectively. Our team of 200,000 innovators, across the globe, is differentiated by the imagination, knowledge and experience, that we bring to every project we undertake. EOE/Minority/Female/Veteran/Disabled/Sexual Orientation/Gender Identity/National Origi
