Redjack protects the world’s largest enterprises and government agencies by solving their toughest cyber resilience and security challenges. As a key member of our team, you’ll enable the evolution of our technology. We are looking for independent professionals who embrace the unknown and are unafraid of the truth. We believe in a stimulating and collaborative work environment, and we value flexibility, openness and diversity. If our mission and values are a fit, we’d love to have you join our team!  Responsibilities: Help our clients get value from their data - specifically, you will understand business needs and impact. Performing data mining, data cleaning, data exploration, feature engineering, predictive modeling and data visualization. Analyzing and conducting research using network and security data collected for clients. Presenting findings to the client, and in other ways as appropriate such as via customer on-site visits, tech exchanges, conferences, trade publications and academic journals. Findings presented may include insights from data (anomalies, trends, etc.), programs, processes and procedures. Presenting in the form of code (git), documentation, one-on-one demonstrations, training delivery, reports to the client, presentations, articles or papers. Serve as a senior internal consultant on data science as applied to security data. Provide functional guidance and direction to junior staff members. Be responsible for timely and accurate completion of other tasks as defined by the manager. |Redjack protects the world’s largest enterprises and government agencies by solving their toughest cyber resilience and security challenges. As a key member of our team, you’ll enable the evolution of our technology.|We are looking for independent professionals who embrace the unknown and are unafraid of the truth. We believe in a stimulating and collaborative work environment, and we value flexibility, openness and diversity. If our mission and values are a fit, we’d love to have you join our team! |Responsibilities:
