 Genesis10 is seeking a Data Scientist IV for a contract position with our client in Richfield, MN.  Responsibilities: Develop requirements and visualizations for a standard suite of reports on AI engine efficacy. Partner with teams within the organization to devise methods to assess the financial benefit of utilizing the AI engine through standard A/B testing. Consulting with other internal analytics teams and Client model building teams. Providing training and education related to applied statistics and online experimentation to the broader organization and team. Help understand how to evolve the AI platform roadmap in terms of customer-facing functionality, such as ways to configure the engine from a business user perspective. Understand the AI engine from a white-box perspective and be able to assess Production behavior in terms of data quality and reliability. Develop solutions using advanced analytics and machine learning techniques, such as prediction and forecasting, classification, NLP methods, recommendation engines and probabilistic programming Leverage your knowledge of programming, mathematics and computer science to develop or improve our solutions. Translate business opportunities into data-driven machine learning, big data and modeling solutions that revamp our processes or produce data products. Develop requirements and visualizations for a standard suite of reports on AI engine efficacy. Collaboratively working with, reporting to, and taking direction from current APE's team. Researching and executing data science work in a variety of subject areas. Presenting findings to stakeholders and refining our internal message based on client feedback. Qualifications: Masters or PhD degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, MIS, or any other relevant field. 6+ years of experience working with software developers in applied Client settings. 4+ years of experience with R, Python, or other advanced analytics software packages, machine learning algorithms, NLP, neural network etc. 2+ years of experience of demonstrated success using big data analytics tools (e.g., Adobe, Google Analytics, Hadoop/Spark). 2+ years of experience in high proficiency use in data visualization tools, such as Tableau, PowerBI, or other solutions. Very strong SQL skills. Significant experience reporting directly to leadership on a variety of ad hoc data-oriented business questions, and partnering with a technical organization to acquire, analyze, and present on findings. Ability to present effectively to leadership Collaborative Ability to Listen Desire to contribute to overall direction of project If you have the described qualifications and are interested in this exciting opportunity, apply today! Genesis10 provides access to career opportunities with over 40 clients in the Twin Cities. As the #3 ranked firm for Business and IT consulting in Minnesota, we offer a variety of opportunities whether you are looking for contract, contract-to-hire, or permanent positions. Let's connect today! Benefits of Working with Genesis10: •    Medical and dental insurance available- including HSA •    Bi-weekly payroll •    Established consultant re-marketing program with our 50+ local clients! •    401k plan •    Downtown Minneapolis/St. Paul parking allowance •    Delivery Director for employee success and support •    Referral program with the opportunity to earn additional income About Genesis10: Genesis10 is a Professional Technology Services Firm providing Staffing, Workforce Optimization and Domestic Outsourcing Solutions. If you are a high performing business or IT professional with solid, referenced experience, we want to meet you. Genesis10 recruiters and delivery professionals are highly accomplished career advocates, who get to know you beyond your resume to position you with the opportunities that fit your skills, experience and aspirations. We have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement – project after project. To learn more about Genesis10 and to view all our available career opportunities, please visit us at www.genesis10.com “Genesis10 is an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V” 
