 ***THIS POSITION IS A TEMP TO PERM POSITION. THIS PERSON MUST BE ABLE TO WORK W2 TO THE CLIENT*** WHY WORK HERE?: Opportunity to work for Fortune 500 world -wide. #1 in Georgia Opportunity to work with the largest retailer in the country and is truly revolutionizing Software Development Methodologies and Information Technologies. Working in small "product teams" allows for quick and nimble code deployment, high collaboration, new implementation of technologies, and a strong learning environment. People will get hands on exposure to new technologies and get 1 on 1 training. TOP SKILLS REQUIRED: 1+ years of experience with Data Scientist or 3+ Years of being a Data Analyst. Strong SQL skill and experience writing complex queries to data, performing analysis and understanding of joints and triggers, querying, manipulations and data extraction Statistical modeling, machine learning, data mining concepts, and a track record of solving these problems with these methods using predictive analysis and proficiency in Randomforest, ScikitLearn, Tensorflow, Keras, Python or Pandas. Statistical analysis and Model building using either: R, SAS, Python. Then building reports and analyses with tools such as: Excel, JMP,SAS, Mathematica, SPSS, Tableau,etc) and producing insights ***THIS POSITION IS A TEMP TO PERM POSITION. THIS PERSON MUST BE ABLE TO WORK W2 TO THE CLIENT*** ROLE & RESPONSIBILITIES: Currently this client is in an ultimate growth face. They are having record growth in sales online and in store which leads to more opportunities for them to invest money back in the stores enhance things like store systems and plan for more acquisitions. This Jr. Data Scientist will provide minor insights and contribute to larger effort. Will be an individual contributor in the Analytics space for Contact Centers Operations of the Business (~$670M in annual revenue). You will be part Analytics team and work on the development of analytics and reporting from the ground-up for a business transitioning to advanced data analytics and the Salesforce CRM platform. Analytics have delivered game-changing insights to stakeholders on topics such as: lead source and quality as drivers of lead to appointment conversion, call cadence and customer contact and conversion rates, and call center financial impact of lead source and quality. About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options. 
