 Data Scientist: Azure Big Data- Pennsylvania *AZURE EXPERIENCE REQUIRED* This client loves to keep up with trends and has the most advanced technology. Be ready to work with Azure show the technical skills that you have learned and developed in a new and exciting space. As an Azure Big Data Engineer for them, you will develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures, building Big Data Warehouses/Cubes from scratch, Establishing and implementing data pipelines, Work with Azure Data Factory, Analysis and Visualization, Developing ETL, and hands on coding and developing in Spark! Experience & Qualifications/ Responsibilities Work with Hadoop Work with Cloud-based Machine Learning platforms (Azure ML or Spark). Data visualization and exploration tools (Tableau and Power BI) Can build and deploy Machine Learning models on Microsoft Azure Databricks Environment Writes SQL queries on structured and unstructured data sets Proficient in statistical packages and standard libraries (Python and R) Proficient with Machine Learning Algorithms (supervised and unsupervised) Will get to connect with different types of datasets in various forms Can handle potentially incomplete data sources Design, deploy, and maintain statistical, predictive, and data mining models to translate data into meaningful insights and recommendations across my clients financial, operational, and strategic business functionalities. Will get the opportunity to implement advanced data visualizations to answer key business questions by using quantitative and qualitative techniques on our various data sources related with labor, finance, supplier and clients. Will interface with cross-functional teams to gather requirements, tailor the delivery and communicate the results to business unites to drive key business decisions. Have the opportunity to produce dynamic data driven analytic and predictive solutions to support the strategic goals of the company. AWS Benefits Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Paid Time Off Paid Sick Days 401K Paid Holidays Paid Medical Leave Pension Plan For all inquiries, I can be contacted at c.ragonesi@jeffersonfrank.com or by calling 718-412-1220 (ext1220). I'm looking forward to helping you get a great career! What's in it for you? Nigel Frank International is the global leader in Microsoft Technology recruitment-it's all we do. With a multilingual network of consultants across nine worldwide locations, we place more skilled Microsoft Dynamics, Azure and Stack professionals with Microsoft Partners and end-users worldwide than any other recruitment business. I recruit for our permanent Azure division, working exclusively with Big Data professionals in Pennsylvania. By focusing exclusively on Microsoft recruitment, we've been able to build relationships with some of the biggest Microsoft customers, partners, and ISVs, giving us exclusive access to some of the best jobs on the market. For more information on available Azure Big Data Jobs please contact me or see www.nigelfrank.com for more information. 
