About Us We're an exciting and fast growing business analytics company powered by bleeding-edge technology. We're on the forefront of building a platform that utilizies Predictive Analytics and Artificial Intelligence in a way that no other company has. About The Opportunity This is an exciting opportunity to join our team as a full-time, direct hire employee working out of our Hattontown, VA office. You'll be in a client-facing Data Scientist role. You'll work directly with customers to deliver technical proposals and POC's. You'll coordinate requirements for reporting and facilitate the definitions of project scope, goals, and deliverables for our development team. You'll lead delivery on in-depth product demos and presentations to prospects and clients. What You Need Experience working with Python, SQL, and/or R The ability to take a project from start to finish. This includes building out a scope of work, gathering requirements, and bringing solutions to your clients The ability to talk about technical subject matter to all levels of people in an organization, whether they are tech-savvy or not.  Experience in a client-facing or consulting role Experience in Machine Learning Experience in regression, data modeling and data analytics BONUS: Experience working with Spark Experience with big data and Machine Learning or AI technologies would be great! Compensation, Perks, and Benefits You'll be very well compensated for your work here! We offer a strong base salary and bonuses, total 1st year compensation is north of 155K per year.  We offer our employees excellent healthcare, dental, and vision insurance. Along with a variety of other perks including: generous PTO and holidays off, rich retirement plans, and healthy work-life balance. We want to come to work each day ready to tackle any challenges! Connect and Engage With Us on Social Media LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/craftrecruiting/ Instragram: https://www.instagram.com/craftrecruiting/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/craftrecruiting
