**THIS IS A DIRECT HIRE ROLE** **IF INTERESTED, PLEASE EMAIL YOUR RESUME TO AVISINTINE@APEXSYSTEMS.COM JOB TITLE: Principal Data Scientist III                 Director Level II (between Director and Sr. Director) JOB SUMMARY The Behavioral Quality and Interaction Analytics group oversees enterprise wide speech analytics, behavioral quality, interactional analytics and forensic data studies across 15+ lines of business. Leader of this function will steamline data,  oversee interaction analytics and the help to lead the migration of data from a hosted environment to internal.  Responsibility will include designing a performance management analytics platform that enables new self-service analytics, decision engineering support, machine learning, modeling, forecasting, and optimizations. Responsible for creating and maintaining scalable, reliable, consistent and repeatable dashboards and data visualization solutions that our speech analytics platform, behavioral quality and analytic insights leverage.   MAJOR DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Actively and consistently supports all efforts to simplify and enhance the customer experience. Frame and model meaningful business and analytics scenarios that impact critical business and engineering processes, architectures, and/or decisions. Design a a new scorecard and performance management system for our state of the art speech analytics practice. Make strategic recommendations and implementations for data visualization tools, data collection processes, and analytics platform integration. Research and develop machine learning models and algorithms for data analysis and discovery. Develop innovative and effective approaches to solve analytics problems and communicates results and methodologies. Leverage multiple data sources to produce data products that solve the needs of business and engineering for business intelligence, operational analytics, descriptive models, predictive models, diagnostic models, and prescriptive models. Apply data mining, data discovery, and machine learning techniques to large structured and unstructured datasets for exploratory data analysis and data product creation. Create data, operational, and analytics architectures that enable data engineers to maintain scalable, reliable, consistent and repeatable systems that support data operations for analytics. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS Excellent problem solving, quantitative and analytical skill In depth technical knowledge and ability to learn new technologies 5+ years leading an analytics function 7+ years Hands-on working experience with Data Visualization, SQL, scripting, and coding.                       5+ Developing and deploying machine learning and analytics models.                               3+ years Tableau, Microstrategy or other Data Visualization experience Experience with project management, scheduling and planning Team player, excellent communication skills Must be able to interact with senior management and collect requirements Must be able to lead a team, use judgment and operate under ambiguity Motivated, self-starter, strong work ethic Experience receiving, converting, and cleansing big data. Solid statistical knowledge and techniques. Program, product, or project management experience delivering analytics results. Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modeling skills. Experience with Hadoop, Spark, and/or Snowflake. EDUCATION BS Degree in a data science, engineering discipline, computer science, statistics, applied math, or related field preferred.   PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS Familiarity with APIs Javascript API, Rest API or Data Extract APIs. Familiarity with data workflow/data prep platforms, such as Alteryx, Pentaho, or KNIME. Familiarity with automation/configuration management EEO Employer Apex Systems is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate or allow discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding, or related medical conditions), age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, genetic information, registered domestic partner status, marital status, disability, status as a crime victim, protected veteran status, political affiliation, union membership, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at 844-463-6178
