Role Summary/Purpose\:   The Sr. Staff Data Scientist will work in and lead teams as technical domain expert addressing statistical, machine learning and data understanding problems in a commercial technology and consultancy development environment. In this role, you will contribute to the development and deployment of modern machine learning, operational research, semantic analysis, and statistical methods for finding structure in large data sets. As a Sr. Staff Data Scientist, you will be part of a data science or cross-disciplinary team on commercially-facing development projects, typically involving large, complex data sets. These teams typically include statisticians, computer scientists, software developers, engineers, product managers, and end users, working in concert with partners in GE business units. Potential application areas include remote monitoring and diagnostics across infrastructure and industrial sectors, financial portfolio risk assessment, and operations optimization.   Essential Responsibilities\:   In the role of Sr. Staff Data Scientist, you will\:   Develop analytics to address customer needs and opportunities Work alongside software developers and software engineers to translate algorithms into commercially viable products and services Work in technical teams in development, deployment, and application of applied analytics, predictive analytics, and prescriptive analytics Perform exploratory and targeted data analyses using descriptive statistics and other methods Work with data engineers on data quality assessment, data cleansing and data analytics Generate reports, annotated code, and other projects artifacts to document, archive, and communicate your work and outcomes Share and discuss findings with team members    Qualifications/Requirements\:   Bachelors Degree in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) Minimum 5 years of analytics development for industrial applications in a commercial setting OR completion of a GE Leadership program   Eligibility Requirements\:   Legal authorization to work in the U.S. is required. We will not sponsor individuals for employment visas, now or in the future, for this job.   Additional Eligibility Requirement\:  GE will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Desired Characteristics\:   Masters Degree in a 'STEM' major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) Ph.D. in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics Demonstrated skill in the use of one or more analytic software tools or languages (e.g., R, Python, Dataiku, SAS, SPSS,) Demonstrated skill at data cleansing, data quality assessment, and using analytics for data assessment Demonstrated skill in the use of applied analytics, descriptive statistics, feature extraction and predictive analytics on industrial datasets Demonstrated skill at data visualization and storytelling for an audience of stakeholders Demonstrated skills in use of some of the Machine Learning/AI techniques (e.g., Regularization Techniques, Boosting, Random Forests, Ensemble Methods, image/video/audio processing, time series modeling) Demonstrated awareness of data management methods Demonstrated awareness of real time analytics development and deployment Demonstrated skill in data management methods and analytic scaling Demonstrated awareness of industry and technology trends in one or more sectors where GE operates Demonstrated awareness of customer and stakeholder management and business metrics Demonstrated skill at function in a team setting Demonstrated awareness of critical thinking and problem-solving methods Demonstrated awareness of presentation and influencing skills Demonstrated awareness of how to succeed in ambiguous circumstances Demonstrated awareness of how to leverage curiosity and creativity to drive business impact
