At eXcell, we set you up for job success right from the start. Our precision recruiting process aligns the right fit for the right people.    This team brings together the best executive engagement programs and assets to deliver world-class customer experiences with the goal of leading customers through their digital transformation journey. They are responsible for defining the customer experience, engaging directly with top strategic and enterprise customers, and providing segment leadership to the field.   We are looking for an experienced Data Scientist to develop statistical, mathematical, and predictive data models to bring insights and answers to complex business questions. They will apply their advance analytics and solution engineering skills to data to build solutions. They will work on data sets from various sources and focus on solving applied problems using Natural Language Processing, Text Mining, Data Mining, & Machine Learning. A blend of experience in science and engineering skills, and a proven track record of solving critical business problems through data science, and strong analytical / quantitative and engineering skills is desired.   Requirements: Apply knowledge of machine learning techniques and concepts, including the design and implementation of advanced artificial intelligence, computational algorithms, and data science techniques Participate in and lead the running of experiments and documentation of results in technical or research whitepapers Communicates data findings to both business and IT leaders to influence how an organization approaches and meets business challenges of an evolving customer base and changing marketplace, using strong business acumen Collaborates with database engineers and other scientists to develop, refine, and scale data management and analytics procedures, systems, workflows, best practices, and other issues Conduct statistical modeling and experiment design, test, and validate predictive models Conducts scalable data research, on and off the cloud Develop custom algorithms to solve analytical problems with data sets Implement automated processes for scaling models Build and maintain data pipelines Implement ETL processes and integrate data from disparate data sources using SSIS and Transact-SQL Leverage Power BI to visualize EBC, MTC and EC data Qualifications: 5+ years of overall related experience Power BI, 3+ years SQL, 5+ years SSIS, 5+ years   W2 only, no Corp to Corp. We are unable to sponsor H1B visas at this time. **eXcell™ Supports Equal Employment Opportunity** eXcell™, a division of CompuCom® Systems, Inc., a global company headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, provides IT staffing services and solutions to Fortune 1000 companies as well as small and medium business. For more information, visit www.excell.com.
