As a valued member the team, you will design, develop, deploy, and leverage digital solutions that support Business Partners in Engineering, Procurement, Supply Chain, and other key areas across the Enterprise. You will also provide Agile Analytics support for internal clients which may include data visualization and/or complex data aggregation services to help answer complex business questions. To execute solutions, the successful individual will collaborate with peers, senior stakeholders, and business users to document VOB/VOC, gather business requirements, and prepare implementation plans for successful deployment. This role will also be called upon to contribute to strategic initiatives such as the development of standardized best practices, optimize service, and develop associated tools & training. In addition it will serve as the lead technical representative for its respective discipline and will work directly with a wide range of enterprise representatives including presenting recommendations to senior divisional leaders. This position may serve as process owner and/or subject matter expert for the developed solutions. Required Qualifications: Bachelor's degree Proficiency in English is required; Local site language preferred Incumbent must have well-developed communication skills Experience with data aggregation methodologies and languages such as SQL, Python, and/or SAS. Experience with Business Intelligence Tools such as Tableau, Microsoft Power BI, Qlik, and/or Alteryx. Experience training and rolling out processes and systems to diverse audiences. Desired Qualifications: Advanced mathematics and statistical skills About TEKsystems: We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company. The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law. If you would like to request a reasonable accommodation, such as the modification or adjustment of the job application process or interviewing process due to a disability, please call 888 472-3411 or email accommodation@teksystems .com for other accommodation options.
