Do you love working with data? Do you love building new software using cutting edge technologies? Do you love working in a collaborative environment with free breakfast, coffee/tea/soda, social events and much more? This fast-growing nationwide software industry leader has an immediate full-time opening in Evanston, IL for a Lead Data Scientist to join a fast-paced Agile team. Responsibilities: 
  
 
 Own the development of predictive modeling and machine learning solutions.   
 
 Mentor Junior Data Scientists.   
 
 Work in an Agile environment with team members, delivering solutions quickly and continuously exploring ways to improve our results.   
 
 Actively seek out new potential problems to solve and building out our future Roadmap using machine learning.   
 
 Work closely with colleagues to structure problems and understand the impact across various departments within the company.   
 
 Work with AWS and Github.   
  Requirements: 
  
 
 MS degree in a quantitative discipline (e.g., statistics, operations research, bioinformatics, economics, computational biology, computer science, mathematics, physics, electrical engineering, industrial engineering).   
 
 5+ years in a Data Science position, building predictive models and leading teams Applied Experience with NLP on unstructured datasets.   
 
 Applied experience with machine learning on large datasets.   
 
 Experience using automated machine learning tools like Data Robot is a plus.   
 
 Experience coding with Python, Spark and SQL languages.   
 
 Familiarity with Linux and Amazon Web Services is a plus.   
 
 Ability to clearly explain findings from complex analyses in case studies and power point.   
 
 Be a collaborative teammate, sharing knowledge and learning from others while working through complex problems.   
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Evanston, IL 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         8 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Staffing/Employment Agencies 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         165677
