Design, implement and optimize algorithms for unsupervised and supervised learning based on structured and unstructured data. Develop powerful business insights from social, marketing, industrial data and public policy using advanced machine learning techniques. Work closely with the software engineering team to productize analytic software. Collaborate with system integration and data warehouse engineers on data extraction and data cleaning. Work in a highly interactive, team-oriented environment. • Why is this position open? Growth on the team, turn over, skills gap? Growth on the team. • Location of this role (CC, North Campus, Chesterfield, etc)? St Louis preferred first. San Fransisco second. • What is a day like in this role? What 3-5 responsibilities will occupy their time? Experimental design and statistical analysis of agricultural field trials. Data cleaning. Exploratory data analysis. Data modeling. • Who will this person work with on a daily basis? Field trial researchers, data scientists. • Tell me about the team dynamic/culture. Collaborative. Shares knowledge. Transparent. Fast paced. • What are the ‘must haves’ to be successful in this role? R or Python coding skills. Experimental design and statistical analysis skills (preferably on agricultural data). Strong communication and collaboration skills. • What is the long term plan for the role? Fill critical gap in resourcing. • What will make this opportunity stand out for potential candidates? Be part of an innovative team in digital agriculture delivering solutions that directly impact farmers. • Is this more maintenance or new development work? Both. • What kind of soft skills are you looking for? Strong communication and collaboration skills. • Are you open to candidates relocating (on their own) or do you prefer local candidates? Either is fine. • What is the minimum number of years of experience required for this position? A grad student who has just completed MS or PhD in quantitative discipline. • What is the minimum level of education is needed for this position? MS • Any certifications required for this role? No • Is there a possibility for an extension of this assignment? yes • Will this position convert to a FTE Role? It could be possible, but not guaranteed • Does anyone need to be associated with this requisition to help review resumes or schedule interviews? Yes. Me and one of my team members (Camila Casquilho) • What is the interview process, will you schedule a phone screen, video conference or in person interviews? Video conference • Will you be OOO anytime soon? I will be OOO July 27-Aug 1.
