Job Description 


The Naval Nuclear Laboratory is seeking a Data Scientist to join a team dedicated to collecting and transforming data from the Naval Nuclear fleet for analytics throughout the Laboratory.  The successful candidate will be responsible for processing, refining, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis, building predictive models to characterize various systems, presenting in-depth analysis in a clear and concise manner with a data-oriented approach to problem solving and decision making. 
The Data Scientist will display great collaboration and interpersonal skills, both written and verbal through leading improvement projects and providing regular updates to the organization. 

 Job Requirements 

 
Bachelor’s in Statistics, Data Science, or a science related technical discipline from an accredited college or university and a minimum of six years relevant experience; or 
Master’s degree in Statistics, Data Science or a science related technical discipline from an accredited college or university and a minimum of four years relevant experience. 
Background in statistical analysis using applied skills in analyzing distributions using regressions methods and statistical testing.  

 Job Preferred Skills 

Good scripting and programming skills.  Experience in Python and R.  Experience with data visualization packages, such as Tableau and Rstudio.  Understanding of machine-learning and its applications.  Proficiency in working with databases. 

Fluor Marine Propulsion, LLC is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is Committed to Workforce Diversity.   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Niskayuna, NY 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         2 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         22558/1
