Public Health Data Scientist - Silver Spring, MD (#14198)  
Since 2009, Cherokee Nation Technologies (CNT) has been serving government clients with time-tested solutions that increase client effectiveness through the intelligent use of technology. CNT's expertise includes software and application services, network services, and business process services. The company is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma, with a regional office in Ft. Collins, Colorado, and client locations nationwide. Wholly owned by the Cherokee Nation, CNT is part of the Cherokee Nation Businesses family of companies. 
For more company information, visit our site at http://cherokee-cnt.com/Pages/home.aspx  
The primary purpose of this position is to lead and coordinate "Data-to-Decision" initiative of the Global Emerging Infections Surveillance Section (GEIS) of the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Branch (AFHSB). The Data-to-Decision initiative involves the collection, management, analysis, and communication of timely and actionable data from partner laboratories across Combatant Commands (CCMDs) to more efficiently and accurately inform Force Health Protection (FHP). Successful candidates for this position are epidemiologists and data scientists with experience in public health informatics and/or IT. 
 Public Health Data Scientist   
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities 
  
 Manage and lead GEIS's Data-to-Decision initiative, which includes the collection, harmonization, analysis, evaluation, collation, and translation of scientific infectious disease surveillance data from GEIS network partners in CCMDs  
 Advance GEIS's ability to receive, store, and standardize surveillance data from the GEIS partner network to allow for enhanced analytics  
 Provide subject-matter expertise in public health informatics to develop and implement electronic infectious disease surveillance and visualization systems and dashboards  
 Conduct statistical analysis of data collected from GEIS network partners to develop reports for DoD stakeholders and peer-reviewed publications, including translating data into actionable information for senior level officials to inform force health protection  
 Collaborate within AFHSB to harmonize data and surveillance initiatives across GEIS, Integrated Biosurveillance (IB), and Epidemiology and Analysis (E&amp;A) sections  
 Collaborate with other DoD entities and across the U.S. government interagency to align Data-to-Decision efforts around infectious disease surveillance  
 Provide programmatic support to the GEIS section in the development and execution of overall program strategy, project monitoring and evaluation, and epidemiological analysis of program level infectious disease surveillance data  
 Provide support to the senior staff through portfolio management, including: biannual proposal review, quarterly scientific evaluation, and data reporting as it relates to improving FHP   
 Supervisory/Management Authority 
 
 This position will not have supervisory authority.   
 Education and/or Experience 
  
 Graduate degree required (Master of Public Health minimum) in Public Health, Epidemiology, Biostatistics, Microbiology, Public Health Informatics or related field with coursework or practical experience in data science/data analysis or public health informatics   
 Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
 
 Experience in manipulating and analyzing data to support medical or public health decision-making  
 Background in infectious disease epidemiology and public health  
 Background in data management, public health informatics, and analysis with statistical software packages, such as SAS or R  
 Experience in developing unique and innovative processes related to public health surveillance data preferred  
 Experience in designing or maintaining relational databases preferred  
 Familiarity with Geographic Information Systems software or methodology preferred  
 Laboratory and/or field experience with infectious disease surveillance preferred  
 Excellent organizational skills and strong oral and written communication skills  
 Ability to lead projects and initiatives to provide data-related solutions  
 Ability to collaborate in a team environment   
 Work Environment 
 
 Work will be performed primarily in a climate controlled office environment.   
With $400 million in annual revenue, 20% growth per year, approximately 950+ active contracts serving 60+ government agencies in 25 countries, 47 states, 2 territories and 2000+ employees, Cherokee Nation Businesses' (CNB) group of Federal Contracting Section 8(a) companies is well positioned to deliver expertise needed to solve complex technical issues. Federal Solutions provides an array of services for 12 of the 15 cabinet-level departments and agencies - from applications and data services to cybersecurity and national defense.
Why consider Cherokee Nation and our Federal Solutions business? Here are some great resources highlighting what we do and compelling reasons for joining our team! 
http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/Pages/home.aspx  
http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/careers/Pages/home.aspx  
http://cherokeenationbusinesses.com/federalSolutions/Pages/overview.aspx  
Applicants selected will be subject to a U.S. Government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.  
We are an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected Veteran status, gender identity and sexual orientation. If you'd like more information about your EEO rights as an applicant under the law, please copy and paste the links to the following two sites: EEO Statement | EEO Poster  
If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to complete any part of the application process, or are limited in the ability or unable to access or use this online application process and need an alternative method for applying, you may email "CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com" for assistance. This email address is for accommodation requests only and cannot be used to inquire about the application process or status. 
For Pay Transparency Non Discrimination provision, please copy and paste the following link : Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision  
We maintain an Affirmative Action Plan for the purpose of proactively seeking employment and advancement for qualified protected veterans and individuals with disabilities. Upon request, we will schedule time to make our Affirmative Action Plan accessible. If you are interested, please submit a written request with the email subject line: 2018 Request to View Affirmative Action Plan to the Compliance Administrator at "CNB.Compliance@cn-bus.com" This email box is not for resumes or follow up on job applications.

       

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Silver Spring, MD 20901 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         qiDb0axoouWd-103207675
