Sr. Data Scientist - 180k - NYC, NJ Position: Sr. Data Scientist Technology: Big Data Location: Chicago, IL Job Type: Permanent About the Role: This client is looking for a Sr Data Scientist that's going to help grow out and develop their team. This company works out of NYC or NJ. They are a healthcare company that is on the bleeding edge of technology and isn't afraid to work with the next great technology. You will be the one running analytical experiments and evaluate alternate models. Responsibilities that will include analyses of various data streams, utilization of large data sets to determine unique insights to further business needs. Finding innovative ways to combine fields of data that don't naturally mesh together. While also Creating meaningful data visualizations to create a business impact. The best part is you can get some work done then step out for lunch and be in the city or relaxing in a park. The ideal candidate has experience making IOS or Android apps! What they are looking for: 2+ years of experience in the data science space Worked in the data science field in either AWS or AZURE Working in AI Is not afraid to address the problems and find creative solutions Have previous experience and projects in ML and AI Benefits: Unlimited PTO Regular in-office social events, happy hours, etc. 401K match program Health/Medical/Dental benefits Open Remote Policy Educational Support Commuter Benefits Huge Opportunities for Growth For all inquiries, I can be contacted at m.pollak@nigelfrank.com or by calling 646.863.7598 (ext. 7598). I'm eagerly looking forward to helping you advance your career! What's in it for you: These roles don't last long on the market. Be in touch quickly and I can place you with your desired job in a timely manner. Don't hesitate to achieve the better job you are looking for and want now. Please send your resume and I'm excited to meet with you. I am unlike other recruiters in that I thrive on building our relationship and making it more personal to ensure working together is a happy experience for you! Nigel Frank International is the Global Leader in Microsoft Azure recruitment. We are a part of Frank Recruitment Group, one of the most successful global recruitment businesses in the last 10 years and backed by private equity firm TPG Growth.
