LRS has prospered for 40 years because our corporate philosophy embraces honest, ethical and hard-working people. If that describes your approach to IT consulting, we need to talk! We currently have a need for a Data Scientist to take on a 3-6 month contract for hire with our client in Kansas City, MO. 
LRS is known by clients for quality, flexibility and strong relationships. Clients expect LRS to deliver only the best, hard-working consultants for their engagements. Contact us today if you are the best consultant for this engagement!

Data Scientist:   Perform a wide variety of statistical, predictive and descriptive modeling concepts, machine-learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms to meet the needs of the business.  Work with Business Analysts to proactively identify and/or understand complex business opportunities and propose advanced analytic methods to provide actionable insights.  Build and implement sophisticated analytic methods and statistical models designed with specific business opportunities in mind, using available tools and programming languages.  Iterate through models quickly, with the ability to assess when an effort may need to be abandoned when it is not providing the business value necessary.  Create documentation that allows for the productionalization of models to be handed off to the Analytic Delivery team, providing oversight and guidance where necessary.  Participate in Data Governance efforts, ensuring a solid understanding of data definitions and usage.  Strong understanding of Healthcare or willingness to learn, with an interest in collaborating with non-technical, non-mathematician resources to drive innovative solutions.  Provide thought leadership regarding new technologies and/or methods that may benefit the enterprise.  Participate or lead efforts to transfer data knowledge to business units, supporting the efforts to utilize the data for decisions, leading the enterprise in its goal to be an insight-driven organization.   Minimum Requirements   Bachelor’s Degree in Healthcare, Business Administration, Computer Science or a related field.  Additional years of qualifying experience may be considered in lieu of formal education.  2+ years’ experience in Healthcare.  2+ years’ experience with Data Management/Data Analytics  Excellent communication and presentation skills, with experience translating technical concept into “plain-English” when necessary.  Ability to translate business questions into meaningful insights with a proactive attitude.  Excellent critical thinking & problem-solving skills, with an eye for creative & innovative solutions.  Strong client management skills with experience negotiating and comprising.  Understanding and familiarity with Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence concepts.  Ability to work with key stakeholders while managing demanding delivery deadlines.  Demonstrated experience with one or many of the following: R, Python, SAS.  Demonstrated experience with pulling data from relational databases using SQL.  Experience with or willingness to learn standard data visualization tools (ex: Tableau, Power BI, Qlik).  
LRS is an equal opportunity employer. Applicants for employment will receive consideration without unlawful discrimination based on race, color, religion, creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, marital status, gender identity, domestic partner status, sexual orientation, genetic information, citizenship status or protected veteran status. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Lees Summit, MO 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         13 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19768
