Full Potential Solutions (FPS) is a performance-based outsourcing firm headquartered in Boston, MA with operations in Kansas City, MO, Chennai, India and Manila, Philippines that puts culture and employees first. We employ the best people, processes and technology available to deliver analytically-driven,  multi-channel  solutions for our clients and fulfilling careers for our employees. We invest in our people and put culture first because we believe that happy, fulfilled teams achieve great things! FPS offers a competitive suite of benefits for our employees, including a lucrative compensation program; medical, dental and vision benefits; and the opportunity for high potential career growth with a fast-growing company. We are committed to creating a culture where our people can succeed and reach their full potential, because we believe that if you put people first, you drive great results. Our mission is to create an environment where our people THRIVE! We are looking for individuals that reflect our core values of: Integrity, Excellence, Accountability and Grace. As a Data Scientist, you will be busy working on machine learning algorithms and have an opportunity to work closely with data geeks and industry experts. You will be able to influence business decisions by extracting meaningful and actionable insights and by identifying gaps and optimization opportunities. Leveraging the power of cutting-edge technologies in the field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning will be at the core for identifying trends and patterns. You will be analyzing multi-dimensional data to determine appropriate levers to pull, variables to adjust, metrics to focus, and changes to make; all with a sole goal of improving profitability. Attention to detail, visualizations with minimalist data points, and storytelling presentations would be your thing. | Full Potential Solutions (FPS) is a performance-based outsourcing firm headquartered in Boston, MA with operations in Kansas City, MO, Chennai, India and Manila, Philippines that puts culture and employees first. We employ the best people, processes and technology available to deliver analytically-driven,  multi-channel  solutions for our clients and fulfilling careers for our employees. |We invest in our people and put culture first because we believe that happy, fulfilled teams achieve great things! FPS offers a competitive suite of benefits for our employees, including a lucrative compensation program; medical, dental and vision benefits; and the opportunity for high potential career growth with a fast-growing company. We are committed to creating a culture where our people can succeed and reach their full potential, because we believe that if you put people first, you drive great results. Our mission is to create an environment where our people THRIVE!|We are looking for individuals that reflect our core values of: Integrity, Excellence, Accountability and Grace.|As a Data Scientist, you will be busy working on machine learning algorithms and have an opportunity to work closely with data geeks and industry experts. You will be able to influence business decisions by extracting meaningful and actionable insights and by identifying gaps and optimization opportunities. Leveraging the power of cutting-edge technologies in the field of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning will be at the core for identifying trends and patterns. You will be analyzing multi-dimensional data to determine appropriate levers to pull, variables to adjust, metrics to focus, and changes to make; all with a sole goal of improving profitability. Attention to detail, visualizations with minimalist data points, and storytelling presentations would be your thing.|         Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, or relevant field with an outstanding academic track record of accomplishment           Passionate about machine learning, AI, and extracting insights, data analysis           Good applied statistical skills such as correlation, regression, deviation, and normalization          Strong analytical skills with ability to extract meaningful insights from large data           Desire to learn new tools, methods, and business functions           SQL and Data Visualization skills are desired           Knowledge of tools such as Python, R Studio, Tableau, PowerBI, SageMaker, Tensorflow, or Alteryx is an advantage           Ability to function in a multi-discipline team           Strong communication skills
