Job Number: 
								740
						 
					
						

							
								 Position Title: 
								Data Scientist
						 
					
						

							
								 External Description: 
								 

 UPM and its affiliates are leading the transformation to value in women’s healthcare.  This position will work directly with clinical leaders, business leaders, and operational teams to inform their work towards organizational transformation, management, and improvement.  Identify business trends and problems through complex big data analysis. Interprets results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently. Design, develop and implement the most valuable business solutions for the organization. Prepare big data, implement data models and develop databases to support business solutions. The Data Scientist will play a critical role in supporting management in value-based payer partnerships and analyzing performance and opportunities in value-based programs.  
 

 Design and perform statistical studies related to medical care costs and trends  

 Compile and evaluate statistical data on healthcare costs using claims data, EMR data, and other data sources  

 Build and maintain financial models supporting business initiatives including payer contract partnerships  

 Responsible for supporting contracting team and executive decision makers to measure and evaluate opportunities to determine value-based program opportunities  

 Synthesize common themes across performance groups  

 Analyze various reimbursement methods and make recommendations to executive leadership on most effective strategies  

 Participate and lead financial analysis as it relates to strategic product development  
 

  Position Requirements:   
 

 Three or more years of analytical experience in health plan or a healthcare quantitative field, healthcare economics, or related discipline.   

 Excellent financial impact analysis, risk management, and data manipulation skills.   

 Understanding of basic health care concepts and products, and robust subject matter expertise in healthcare data, healthcare cost, and quality metrics.   

 Programming experience with at least one statistical package (e.g., R, SAS, Stata) with demonstrated ability to learn and wield multiple analytical tools  

 Ability to effectively communicate results of complex data analysis to non-statistical audiences through user-friendly data visualizations and report  

 Ability to create and use financial modeling tools, spreadsheets, and information acquisition tools.  

 Ability to think strategically and to develop creative solutions to complex problems.  

 Ability to analyze problems and develop solutions using innovative techniques.  

 Ability to communicate effectively, orally and in writing, with all levels within the Company.  

 Master’s degree in Data Science, Statistics, or related field required  

 Experience effectively planning and organizing work  

 Technical expertise (SQL, Microsoft Reporting Studio, Microsoft Office Suite, Advanced Excel User and at least one statistical package)  
 

  
						
					
						

							
								 City: 
								Boca Raton
						 
					
						

							
								 State: 
								Florida
						 
					
						

							
								 Community / Marketing Title: 
								Data Scientist
						 
					
						

							
								 Company Profile: 
								 
  Unified Physician Management, LLC (Unified) and its physician partners have assembled the nation’s largest network of Ob-Gyns operating in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Washington, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, and the District of Columbia. Through its partner organizations, Unified Women’s Healthcare, PL (UWH) and Capital Women’s Care, Unified has created the only national, private practice women’s health group with a singular vision of patient centered care and physician governance.  
  Established in 2009, Unified and its physician partners have set out to preserve personalized healthcare and be recognized as a premier thought leader in the field of women’s health. The goal is to preserve the private practice of medicine and preserve the economic security of Ob-Gyns for the foreseeable future.  
						
					
						

							
								 EEO Employer Verbiage: 
								 

We offer a competitive salary and an excellent benefit package that includes health/dental/life/STD/LTD/vision insurance, paid time off, and 401(k) plan.    This company is a drug-free workplace and an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Boca Raton, FL 33481 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6804_740
