Are you ready to join the movement? 
We ve used big data from our popular Health IQ test (taken by over 1 million people) to fight for lower rates on life insurance for vegans, marathoners, triathletes, well controlled diabetics, yogis, crossfitters, and more. Our goal is to promote a healthy lifestyle through financial rewards to those who make their health a priority. We are looking to hire the best and the brightest talent to help drive our mission to improve the health of the world by celebrating the health conscious. 
 What you will be doing:  
You will work directly with the cofounders to develop and deliver best-in-class analytics and business intelligence to help optimize daily operations and drive strategic growth. 
Analyze data, develop insights, and provide recommendations 
Create and deliver effective and persuasive presentations (verbal and written) for project teams and business leaders.   What you should have:  
You do not want to settle for a large company and live a 9-5 life 
2+ years working experience in an analytical role in a business setting 
Degree in Statistics or Data Science. 
Strong statistical background and experience in statistical methodologies such as experimental design, hypothesis testing, and survival analysis. 
Strong programming skills - hands on experiences with one of the following languages: R, python. 
Experience in machine learning is a plus but not require 
Please advise, this role requires to have a good standing credit history   Join the Health Conscious Workplace of the Future 
To make the world a healthier place, we started in our own backyard. We created a health conscious environment that allows each of our employees to reach their own personal health goals. Below are a few of the employee-led programs that make working at Health IQ truly unique.
 1. Personalized Lunch Program 
A healthy diet is never one-size-fits-all. That s why every person at Health IQ gets to order their own custom-built lunch every day. That way, whether you re vegan, low-carb, dairy-free, or just craving salmon, you can customize the perfect lunch for your unique dietary needs.
 2. Nutritionally Supportive Environment 
Anyone who has tried to stay healthy knows it s hard to stick to your particular nutritional goals throughout the day with soda, chips, and sugary treats all around you. So we provide our employees with quality food and snack options, like a limitless supply of organic nuts, fruits, and veggies instead.
 3. Optional Midday Fitness Time 
Instead of the usual ping pong table, we ve dedicated space for our employees to enjoy yoga, spin bikes, exercise equipment and other wellness activities. Everyone gets 30 minutes each day to focus on their health   whether it s time for a walk, using the exercise equipment, or daily meditation.
 4. Casual Office Attire 
Ever dream of coming to work in your casual fitness attire? Well, that's how we roll at Health IQ! Be comfortable and let your fitness fashion shine!
 5. Like Minded Coworkers 
 At the end of the day we are a business minded insurance company and we use analytics to measure our success and drive our business. Coming to work and working hard however is much more fun when you are surrounded by like minded people who are motivated by the same personal goals as you. Our employees are making friends that will last a lifetime.
 6. Motivate and Compete 
Many of our employees are current or former athletes who are competitive and like to win. They motivate each other to do their personal best every day, and together we win as a team and as a company!
 7. Excellent benefits 
We pay 100% of our employees cost toward medical, dental and vision insurance. We even have a masseuse onsite and allow employees to schedule up to 2 massages each month!Join our team!
 Is this Startup Going to Make It? 
We think so. Our CEO sold his last company, Like. com, to Google for over $120MM.  He was a board member or advisor to over $1B worth of startup exits to companies like Apple, Amazon, LinkedIn, etc.  Past performance may not always guarantee future results, but we like our odds.  We ve grown from 23 people to over 200 people between our two locations (Mountain View and San Diego). This isn t because we are spending some of the $140MM+ in financing we received like drunken sailors (in fact we are pretty frugal).  This is because our revenues have been doubling almost every month since we started selling policies in January of 2016, and now we are one of the fastest growing online insurance companies and were recently named to Wealthfront's List of Top Companies to Launch a Career!

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94039 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_df8230a95a9e66c3e6364953190ec20d
