Overview 
We are looking for a hands-on Senior Data Scientist in the Data Analytics &amp; Science team. Someone who is a creative problem solver with a passion to deliver advanced data-driven solutions. You will work alongside product managers and marketers to grow payments business at Intuit 
  

The Small Business Data Analytics &amp; Science team drives user growth, active use and retention using product insights and marketing channel optimization for the Small Business Group (i.e. Intuit QuickBooks). We are an exciting, growing and fun team that works with industry-leading analytics tools, techniques and best practices 
  

This Senior Data Scientist will partner with our payments product and marketing teams and drive the profitable growth and active use of our payments 
service using data-driven practices. As a senior member of the analytics team, you will have a strong track record of combining advanced analytics skills, knowledge of product analytics and exceptional analytical acumen.    Responsibilities  
Leads complex analytical initiatives, developing tracking, combining data frommultiple sources to extract meaning, reconcile assumptions, and identify logical path for action 
Understand the current ecosystems, historical customer behaviors, and long-term trends in order to identify ways to improve and communicate the necessary information to key partners 
Partner closely with revenue growth, sales and marketing teams, developinternal and external data sources to be used in propensity modeling and predictive analytics. 
Partner with leadership to prioritize areas of opportunity to drive growth 
Democratize data by building and socializing decision tools (dashboards,reports); build key data sets/pipelines to empower operational and exploratory analysis. 
Define, implement and standardize metrics, reports and dashboards leveraging Tableau or other data visualization tools. 
Provide insights to the leadership team on impact of strategic initiatives on the key metrics   Qualifications  
 
5+ years of experience in generating and presenting insights from marketing/product data; experience in advanced analytics and optimization a plus! 
Experience with customer behavioral analytics and or marketing analytic 
Domain expertise in subjects such as experimental design and Multivariate/A-B testing 
Advanced SQL skills to perform data segmentation and aggregation from scratch; experience working with granular web clickstream data and behavior tracking tools like SiteCatalyst! 
Knowledge of programming languages and stats packages (e.g. python, R); comfortable running multiple regression analyses 
Outstanding communication skills with the ability to influence decision makers and build consensus with teams 
Bachelor degree in Business, Math, Statistics, Finance, Economics, or a related field. MBA or graduate degree in a related field a plus    

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Mountain View, CA 94039 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6487_9782
