Senior Data Scientist As a Data Scientist, you will be delivering solutions for my client's company while leveraging your experience in data analysis and data mining to drive businesses forward. As a Data Scientist, you will bring a curiosity about how the consumers search information and match that with a strong technical ability to analyze large data sets, reveal insights, and turn the insights into recommendations. You will be leading the Data Science efforts and working closely with the CTO in this highly visible role! Salary: $120-150K Roles and Responsibilities: Discover patterns and solve strategic and tactical business problems using structured and unstructured data sets across multiple environments Understand client business needs and be able to translate them to solutions and visualizations Data mining and and modeling using new techniques and methods Design data models Coordinate cross-functionally to monitor and analyze performance and accuracy Present Data Science solutions to clients Present solutions for new use cases Understand the depth of Data Science and be able to use innovative technology in order to further business Skills and Qualifications: Bachelor's, or Master's, degree in Computer Science or equivalent Experience with cloud ecosystems (AWS, GCP, or Azure) Skilled in Python programming language Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms (Decision Trees, Regressions, Neural Networks, NLP, etc.) Deep expertise of SQL environments Proficient with Deep Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or Keras Experience with visualizations tools is a plus A drive to learn new technologies Able to run automated jobs to manipulate and store data from APIs Company Rewards: Competitive compensation package Holiday pay Paid time off Health benefits Contact Details: Looking to fill this position immediately. If interested, please contact j.laroche2@jeffersonfrank.com or call 813-437-6875. Jefferson Frank is the Amazon Web Services (AWS) recruiter of choice. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professional on the planet. Back by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivaled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve- one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS.
