Optum Enterprise Analytics - Analytics Solutions is looking to expand and is seeking a Senior Data Scientist to join our team. You should be an exceptional disciplined and self-motivated Data Scientist with predictive modeling and advanced analytics experience and a passion for working with healthcare data (relevant experience with data from other industries of interest as well financial, retail, telco, etc.), experience using various computational approaches, and a portfolio of projects you can show and talk about. You'll enjoy the flexibility to telecommute from anywhere within the U.S. as you take on some tough challenges. Primary Responsibilities Improve and extend the analytic methods in our productsWork alongside other data scientists, engineers, and project managers to design and implement models and experiments from end to end, including data ingestion and preparation, feature engineering, analysis and modeling, model deployment, performance tracking and documentationConduct hands-on data analysis and predictive analytics on large datasetsEffectively communicate complex technical results to business partnersSupport and drive analytic efforts around machine learning and innovationWork with a great deal of autonomy to find solutions to complex problems  Required QualificationsMS or PhD in Applied Mathematics, Physics, Computer Science, Statistics or related technical field5+ years of hands-on experience in data analysis and predictive analytics with machine learning  statistical modeling techniquesStrong proficiency in advanced data science tools such as R, Python, SQL, Spark and H2OFamiliarity with wrangling large datasets with big data tools such as Hadoop, Hive and SparkExperience applying computational algorithms and statistical methods to structured and unstructured dataExperience combining analytic methods with advanced data visualizations using, for example, Tableau, Shiny or D3Experience breaking down and clearly defining problemsExperience communicating technical results to a diverse audience Careers with Optum. Here's the idea. We built an entire organization around one giant objective make health care work better for everyone. So when it comes to how we use the world's large accumulation of health-related information, or guide health and lifestyle choices or manage pharmacy benefits for millions, our first goal is to leap beyond the status quo and uncover new ways to serve. Optum, part of the UnitedHealth Group family of businesses, brings together some of the greatest minds and most advanced ideas on where health care has to go in order to reach its fullest potential. For you, that means working on high performance teams against sophisticated challenges that matter. Optum, incredible ideas in one incredible company and a singular opportunity to do your life's best work.(sm) All Telecommuters will be required to adhere to UnitedHealth Group's Telecommuter Policy. Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere UnitedHealth Group is an Equal Employment OpportunityAffirmative Action employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin, protected veteran status, disability status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by law. UnitedHealth Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug test before beginning employment. Job Keywords Data Scientist, data analysis, predictive analytics, R, Python, SQL, Spark, H2O   Job Title Senior Data Scientist - Telecommute  Shift Day Job  Travel No  Business OI Business Operations  Family Analytics  Telecommuter Position Yes  Job Level Individual Contributor  Overtime Status Exempt  Posted Date 5282019  City Minnetonka  State MN  Country United States  Department Optum Enterprise Analytics

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Minnetonka, MN 55305 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_9cdf6e6d991cf7bc5a42b41dc12bf956
