Data Scientist
8 Months contract to hire
Omaha, NE OR Jersey City, NJ       
      
       Role Overview:       
We are looking for an experienced data scientists who is passionate about solving problems. The role will be looking at new innovative ways to detect and prevent card fraud across our global reach. There will be a large scope for a think-outside-the-box strategy, with a real chance to make a difference. The role will expose you to new technologies and modern deep learning techniques.

The team will be focused on collaboration, and encouragement to create exciting and cutting edge methodologies that will establish new and more accurate ways of detecting fraud that currently exist. The ideal candidate will be driven, focused and enthusiastic about problem solving, and not phased by a challenge.

 Primary Objectives and Skills: 
&middot; Must have at least 3 years industry experience in a data science role.
&middot; To have worked in a Scrum Agile environment.
&middot; Strong proficiency in both Python and R.
&middot; Familiar in using deep learning techniques such as neural networks.
&middot; To have implemented a successful project involving machine learning within industry.
&middot; To be comfortable in understanding the statistical foundations of the most commonly used Client algorithms.
&middot; Must have strong SQL skills and be competent in querying large data sets.
&middot; Have had exposure to working with a NOSQL database.

 Additional Skill sets: 
&middot; Exposure to working with Hadoop preferably within the Cloudera stack.
&middot; To have worked with large transactional data sets preferably within the financial sector.
&middot; Familiar with source code management, and utilizing GIT.
&middot; Has experience following the practice of object orientated coding.
&middot; Comfortable in presenting work to larger audiences.

 Education 
&middot; Degree in either a Computer Science, Mathematical or related discipline.
&nbsp;       

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Omaha, NE 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-09743
