6 month contract + open-ended 

 Overview: 

At the client's Artificial Intelligence Center of Excellence (COE), you won't be just tinkering around the edges, you'll be building critical solutions that will benefit our clients for years to come. We work closely with business stakeholders, collect requirements and deliver high value AI/Client solutions that drive customer and business value. Those of us who love to work with data see this as the pinnacle of opportunities that you cannot find anywhere else in the industry.
 These positions are all located in Boston, MA. 

  The Team  

 The AIML (Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) team contributes to the vitality and growth of the organization through researching and building complex, cutting edge and scalable AI algorithms, models, platforms and technologies to significantly improve customer experience and drive business results. Our team of high caliber scientists, mathematicians and statisticians use rigorous quantitative approaches to ensure that we are efficiently building algorithms and technology relevant to the business or customer experience issue at hand. 

  The Expertise You Have             
   Minimum Master's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Statistics, Operations Research, Machine Learning or related technical fields.            
   Advanced knowledge in model evaluation, tuning and performance, operationalization and scalability of scientific techniques and establishing decision strategies.            
   Hands on experience developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms (regression, decision trees/random forest, neural networks, feature selection/reduction, clustering, parameter tuning, etc.),            
   Experience in evaluating and making decisions around the use of new or existing tools for a project.            
   Experience in projects involving large scale-multi dimensional databases, complex business infrastructure, and cross-functional teams. Three to five successfully launched Client projects would be ideal.            
   Expertise running SQL queries            
   Working experience with Linux OS            
   Experience in Web Development             
   Programming skills in Python, Spark, Scala, R or MatLab         The Skills You Bring             
   Your solid skills in algorithm development and predictive modeling            
   You have deep knowledge of some combination of the following:            
   Natural Language Processing (NLP)            
   Deep Learning, Neural Networks            
   Real Time Event Detection and Scoring            
   Time series analysis, Econometrics            
   Robotic Process Automation            
   Cloud Client         The Value You Deliver  

 You will partner with business stakeholders to identify/prioritize top AI opportunities, create business/technical requirements, transform large volumes of data into AI-driven solutions using creative, cutting edge open source methods/technologies, lead Client strategy and road map planning, work across teams and influence the direction of external teams. The ideal candidate will combine expert AI/Client/Open Source/Tech knowledge with hands on experience building algorithms/models/programming and outstanding business skills (revenue/cost drivers, customer experience, customer journey, communication, etc.) to manage and deliver complex/critical projects driving significant value to the company!     

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Boston, MA 02110 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         6 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer/IT Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         19-01342
