The in-house Digital Lab at Simpson Gumpertz & Heger applies computational approaches to engineering practice in three areas of increasing complexity:    
 	
automation and optimization of engineering tasks with data processing, analysis, transfer, and visualization,  	  	
 	
innovative project deliverables via interactive webpages providing unique analytical content, and  	  	
 	
machine learning across our full range of engineering services, in particular related to our unique in-house Physical Testing Lab.  	   
We seek a talented individual with a strong background in data science, machine learning, and a computer vision. The ideal candidate will have a passion for developing solutions to real-world problems to assist in advancing the state-of-practice in the Architecture/Engineering/Construction and engineering mechanics industries.   
As a member of the growing Digital Lab team, you will be exposed to programming and software development skills including .Net framework, web development, parametric design, iOS development and others. In addition, you will work with staff and projects across our full range of services and office locations.   
Responsibilities:    
 	
Work with other Digital Lab members and alongside SGH engineers and scientists to develop digital tools and solutions for project-specific needs on time and within the allocated budget.  	  	
 	
Research and implement machine learning algorithms (including neural networks) for computer vision and other engineering tasks.These may include material property counts, structural heath monitoring damage identification, vision-based structural identification, and modeling and predicting material behavior and structural response.  	  	
 	
Work with the Digital Lab’s members to develop full stack applications.  	  	
 	
Analyze data and provide visualizations often related to project-specific webpage deliverables.  	  	
 	
Replicate parametric structural and envelope designs using multiple API’s and geometry engines.  	   
    

 Job Requirements: 
 
 	
Masters Degree or PhD in Computer Science, Data Science, Mathematics or related field.  	  	
 	
Strong understanding in machine learning and computer vision algorithms such as pattern recognition (PR), neural networks, evolutionary computation, deep learning (DL), expert systems, discriminant analysis, swarm optimization, metaheuristic optimization, and decision trees.  	  	
 	
Strong ability in Python, TensorFlow, and related frameworks.  	  	
 	
Experience with AI-based object detection algorithms.  	  	
 	
Experience with GPU programming is a plus (not required).  	  	
 	
Experience with cloud-based multi-processing is a plus (not required).  	  	
 	
Frequent travel to other office locations is required.  	   
    
SGH has over 600 employees and offices in Boston, Chicago, Houston, New York City, San Francisco, Southern California, and Washington DC.   
SGH is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and we value diversity in our workforce. We are committed to providing equal opportunities to all job applicants and employees. SGH considers all qualified applicants, and we encourage individuals with disabilities and protected veterans to apply.   
   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Waltham, MA 02453 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Engineering Services 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Master's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         460
