Acara Solutions is looking for Economic Modeler Data Scientist for our client located in Sunnyvale, CA  
Develop GHEOR health economic modeling strategic plans and projects to support global and local value proposition, marketing and market access for Client products worldwide. 
Track and execute health economic modeling plans against goals. 
Lead the local adaptations of the global health economic modeling framework. 
Communicate with local fields, develop local models for key countries. 
Conduct health economic modeling studies (CEA or BIA), quantify clinical and economic impacts of Client products or related interventions in key clinical areas, and lead the studies to publication if applicable. 
Perform targeted or systematic literature review, critique medical and evidence-based outcomes literature & statistical analyses. 
Conduct statistical analysis using large healthcare databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic health records). 
Develop and maintain analytical reports as well as any necessary ad hoc request(s). 
Contribute to development of team deliverables, including models, reports, abstracts, manuscripts, and slide collaterals, as appropriate. 
Present and interpret findings to cross-functional teams.  


Required Skills / Qualifications:  
Master's degree in health informatics, statistics, economics, health services research, epidemiology, public health. 
Minimum of 3 years’ knowledge of health economic modeling techniques, including decision analysis. 
Minimum of 3 years’ proficient of Microsoft Office, Tree Age, and statistical software (e.g. R. SAS or STATA).  
Preferred Skills / Qualifications:  
Good interpersonal and communication skills in team environment. 
Write and publish for medical or scientific audiences; capable to communicate statistic findings with non-scientific audiences via lay languages 
Strong organizational skills and proven ability to manage personal responsibilities on multiple priorities and projects at once. 
High sense of urgency expected and the ability to drive various projects simultaneously. 
Work independently and collaboratively. 
Graduate degree in relevant scientific or technical field (e.g., Medical Doctor, Pharmacy, Statistics, Economics, Mathematics, Engineering, Health Policy); 
Minimum 2 years of experience in statistical programming using R, SAS and STATA. 
Data visualization skills such as Tableau. 
Expert-level proficiency in Microsoft Excel (including Visual Basic). 
Experience in analyzing large, real world healthcare databases (e.g., insurance claims, electronic medical records, patient discharge data). 
Experience working in a collaborative project team/environment. 
Outstanding ability to communicate technical information to non-technical audiences.  
Additional Information:  
Upon offer of employment, the individual will be subject to a background check and a drug screen.  
Aleron companies; Acara Solutions, Aleron Shared Resources, Broadleaf Results, Lume Strategies, Viaduct, and Aleron's strategic partner, SDI are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, sex, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.

Applicants for this position must be legally authorized to work in the United States. This position does not meet the employment requirements for individuals with F-1 OPT STEM work authorization status. 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Sunnyvale, CA 94086 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Temporary/Contract/Project 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Master's Degree 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         446870
