Client Facing Data Scientist - Philadelphia, PA - Full Time -- $170K+  

  I am looking for an experienced Customer Facing Data Scientist to pair with my clients expanding Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning company in Center City, Philadelphia, PA. This company specializes in implementing ML models to solve business problem and drive real returns on investments. In the role as a Customer Facing Data Scientist, you will be responsible for breaking down data science solutions directly to stakeholders from a technical standpoint, building and implementing predictive data models, and qualifying opportunities where the company can be a suitable fit for to make them more efficient. 

 They are offering a very competitive base salary starting at $170K with a 15% bonus, the opportunity to be remote flexible, and the ability to work with the latest cutting edge technologies! My client has noted that their ideal candidate is someone who has fantastic communication skills to pair with a strong background of applied data science in business settings. 

  Qualifications:  
 
 Prior Data Science production experience  
 Demonstrated experience working hands on building and implementing data models  
 Prior experience customer facing  
 Proficient in scripting with Python and R  
 Excellent Communication Skills  
 Experience working with Big Data technologies  
 Experience in the banking, health care, and insurance fields  
 Ability to travel up to 50%   
  Benefits:  
 
 Competitive Base Salary  
 15% Bonus  
 Remote Flexibility  
 Clear Growth Opportunities  
 Ability to work with the latest technologies of your choice!  
 Fun filled Company Culture  
 Monthly Company Social Events  
 Commuter Reimbursement  
 Opportunity to attend industry workshops and seminars  
 Up to 6 Weeks PTO!  
 FAST HIRING PROCESS   
   

 The interview process is now underway and moving fast! If you would like to be considered for this role  APPLY NOW  for  GUARANTEED IMMEDIATE CONSIDERATION ! 

 To apply, contact me via email:  n.williams@jeffersonfrank.com ; phone:  (212)-731-8282 ; or LinkedIn message. Upon conversation, please be able to provide an updated CV. 

 Jefferson Frank is the global leader in Amazon Web Services recruiting. We work with organizations worldwide to find and deliver the best AWS professionals on the planet. Backed by private equity firm TPG Growth, we have a proven track record servicing the AWS permanent and contract recruitment market and, to date, have worked with over 30,000 organizations globally from our offices in North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. 

 At Jefferson Frank, our mission is simple: we want happy customers. Whether you're an AWS professional walking into your dream AWS job, or an organization hiring an incredible contractor for your cloud migration project, our goal is to deliver an unrivalled customer experience. Work with us and you'll get the personalized experience you deserve - one you'll simply not find at any other recruitment agency. At Jefferson Frank, we find great people great jobs in AWS. 
 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Philadelphia, PA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Banking 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Unspecified 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         NW06192019JFI_1560957382
