Position: Principal Data Scientist
  Location: San Francisco, CA
  Duration: Full-time/ Direct Hire  
 Technical /Professional Skills &amp; Competencies:   
Solid understanding of statistics and the design and analysis of experiments. 
Solid skills in statistical language, SAS. 
The ability to tell a story about data, in particular with visualization. 
Strong written, communication and presentation skills. 
Able to respond and present work to peers, answer in-depth questions, accept constructive feedback, and modify work product accordingly. 
Specific Big Data experience on cloud computing platforms with technologies such as Hadoop, Mahout, Pig, Hive and Spark a plus Prior experience with clinical drug trials. 
7+ years of experience with Data Science and Statistics, preferably in Life Sciences, and more specifically, in pharmaceuticals.  
 MUST-HAVES   
Solid understanding of statistics and the design and analysis of experiments. Solid skills in statistical language, SAS 
7+ years of experience with Data Science and Statistics, preferably in Life Sciences, and more specifically, in pharmaceuticals. 
Strong background in coding on NLP, R or Python and Machine Learning, 
Computer science, or statistics degree from top school (Berkeley, Stanford, CMU, MIT…)  
 Education and Background:  
Bachelor's degree a quantitative field such as Statistics, Econometrics, Computer Science, Technology, or Engineering, strongly preferred, or equivalent work experience 
Seeking related experience in Life Sciences; pharmaceutical experience preferred Proven track record in the application of Statistics

Thanks  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             San Francisco, CA 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         Today 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Management Consulting Services
