Minimum qualifications
   
BS degree in Computer Science, similar technical field of study from a top-tier university or equivalent practical experience 
Have good problem-solving skills. 
Understand data structure and algorithms. 
Have good communication skills  
 &nbsp;  Preferred Qualifications   
Master&rsquo;s, further education or experience in engineering, computer science or other technical related field from a top-tier university. 
Experience with one or more general purpose programming languages: Java, C/C++, Python, JavaScript. 
AWS, GCP or Azure experience is a big plus.  
 Responsibilities   
Build the models by working closely the business domain experts for feature definition. Work with the engineering team to deploy the models in the customer environments and help integrate them with their infrastructure (that Incedo is helping deploy). 
Be familiar with the ML infrastructure available in the Amazon, Google and Microsoft cloud offerings. 
Attend industry conferences to present the work Incedo is doing, to gain mindshare and bring the latest industry thinking back to Incedo. 
Be able to present the findings of the models to Incedo&rsquo;s senior management and customer stakeholders.  
 &nbsp;  About the Job   
Incedo aspires to be an organization that reflects the globally diverse audience that our products and technology serve. We believe in hiring the best talent, with a diversity of perspectives, ideas, and cultures for the creation of better products and services.
Incedo software engineers develop the next-generation data-science technologies that affect Fortune 20 customers. Our products need to handle information on a massive scale. We are looking for Data Scientists who will work with data engineering teams to define the right type of data that we would need to make available for implementing the ML models. As a Data Scientist, you will be required to lead in identifying the right type of machine learning models that should be built for the customer use cases at hand.  
  *Incedo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, genetic information, age, disability, veteran status, or any other legally protected basis.   

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Iselin, NJ 08830 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         6 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software; Computer/IT Services
