Job description:   
Work closely with social scientists to help determine  quantitative models appropriate to specified research questions and      provide justifications utilizing knowledge of data availability/structure, model assumptions, etc. 
Conduct quantitative analysis of large data sets using frequentist, Bayesian, and/or computational (e. g., ML, NLP, etc.)      statistical techniques 
Use knowledge of research design and data availability to determine what measurement strategies and methodologies will provide useful insights 
Manage large datasets across various platforms and formats (e. g., SQL, JSON, CSV, etc.) 
Condense results into clear, concise reports for delivery to diverse audiences 
Meet with team members to maintain situational awareness on internal and external conditions that may require changes in assessment strategy 
Respond to urgent, ad hoc requests requiring quick analysis, interpretation of results, and translation for a lay audience 
Summarize results so that the client may make informed decisions from your quantitative analysis    Qualifications   
U. S. citizenship required 
The ability to obtain and maintain a DoD security clearance 
Master's degree or higher in field with a focus on applied statistics, big data analytics, or similar earned as part of a non-terminal Master s program from an accredited university 
Able to apply advanced analytics capabilities to derive insights from a combination of unstructured, semi-structured, and      structured data stored in multiple formats & across platforms (e. g., SQL, JSON, CSV, Excel, etc.) 
Experience in the design, deployment, and management of at least one RDBMS (e. g., PostgreSQL, MS SQL Server, etc.) 
Expertise in frequentist and/or Bayesian statistical techniques including experience with advanced analytics on large      data sets and familiarity with multiple statistical packages/tools (e. g., SPSS, SAS, STATA, R, Python, etc.) 
Co-authorship of a research paper or presentation submitted to an academic or professional conference 
Foundational knowledge of research methods in the social sciences with the ability to identify, evaluate, and defend appropriate statistical techniques for hypothesis testing of varying complexity 
Strong written and verbal communication skills    Preferred Qualifications   
Master s degree or higher earned as part of a non-terminal Master s program from an accredited university in applied      statistics, big data analytics, or closely related discipline including the completion of a required/optional thesis and substantial PhD-level coursework 
Academic or professional experience conducting social science (e. g., political science, education, psychology, etc.) research including publication in a peer-reviewed academic journal 
Demonstrable experience initiating and driving research projects to completion with minimal guidance 
Experience with Linux operating systems 
Experience with Amazon Web Services 
Valid DoD clearance   
Additional Information 
For more information about Barbaricum, please visit our website atwww. barbaricum. com.  We will contact candidates directly to schedule interviews.

No phone calls please. 


Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Tampa, FL 33646 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         7 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         2365_16a447659158042c548c5641f6b83c2e
