The Data Scientist will perform analysis and modeling for all demand generation and conversion elements including product, placement, price, and promotion in support of the short and long-term goals of the Sales & Marketing and Supply Chain teams. 

Job responsibilities include but are not limited to:

 
 

Perform data mining and predictive analytics to help answer questions to identify key areas within the various function for performance improvement and predict future outcomes and trends.  

Design, deploy and provide ongoing evaluations of the statistical models and data mining techniques for predictive learning applications.  

Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for large-scale data analyses, model development, model validation, and model implementation.  

Discover patterns and anomalies in data using ad-hoc query/visual discovery.  

Based on findings, make recommendations to management on possible actions to ensure the desired outcome. 

Collaborate with internal teams to generate ideas and strategies based on data-driven insights and recommendations.  

Partner with the data teams to assemble data from multiple systems and sources, which includes evaluation of data accuracy and completeness 

Short-term deliverables include: 
 

Collaborate with marketing to develop a robust model to predict the future state of the demand funnel and then integration Media Mix Modeling outcomes to recommend actions to close the gap. 

Develop models to quantify the relationship between price position's and conversions and collaborate with internal and external teams to enhance incentive program effectiveness models. 

Collaborate with SCM to develop a model for predictive future dealer orders. 
 
  

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Detroit, MI 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         6 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Other/Not Classified 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Experienced (Non-Manager) 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         4268_5000464365010
