Job Description    This role uses Data Science and Engineering techniques to satisfy customer requirements. This role evaluates and uses algorithms for Natural Language Processing (NLP), Artificial Intelligence (AI), and Machine Learning (ML). This role develops scripts, notebooks or applications (using Python or Java and associated libraries or frameworks Scikit-Learn, Numpy, Tensorflow, Pytorch, Spark, Spark MLlib, H20.ai, etc.) that utilize, collect, aggregate and clean large data sets to perform analysis, clustering, entity resolution and structured information extraction for work products. Models are trained and refined using these tools and evaluated for effectiveness using appropriate criteriametrics for the task. This role collaborates across a team of Data Scientists, Data Administrators, Software and Data Engineers to produce work products.   Primary Responsibilities    This role designs and develops methods, processes, and systems to consolidate and analyze structured and unstructured, diverse sources including big data sources.  This role will concentrate on the AI discipline of Machine Learning - in data, pattern identification and analysis. As such will be evaluate capabilities and analysis in Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, predictive modeling, statistical analysis and hypothesis testing  This role develops and uses advanced software programs, algorithms, query techniques, model complex business problems, and automated processes to cleanse, integrate, and evaluate datasets.  Works with cross-discipline teams to ensure connectivity between various data sources and business problems.  Identifies meaningful insights and interprets and communicates findings and recommendations.  This role develops algorithms and analytical techniques to improve business performance.  Maintains awareness of emerging analytics and big-data technologies.    Basic Qualifications    Master's degree in engineering, computer science, or other related technical field or Bachelor's degree in a business or management-related field accompanied by experience managing technical requirements in complex programs.  Candidate must have in-depth experience in Machine Learning  Experience developing Random Forests decision trees and subsequent analysis.  Demonstrated experience with Splunk and deployment methodologies  Demonstrated experience negotiating complex scenarios and challenges and devising courses of action to resolve situations with predictable outcomes.  Experience supporting critical objectives where decisions impacts on outcomes.  Candidate must have Bachelors with 8-12 years of prior relevant experience or Masters with 6-10 years of prior relevant experience.    Clearance    Candidate must have an active TSSCI with polygraph to be considered for this position.    Preferred Qualifications    Experience with R and MapReduce

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Reston, VA 20190 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Posted 
                         5 Days ago 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         6874_c5e0d8c2ffe36238d42d199ea1b1aabd
