Job Title:    Mid- Level Data Scientist (2-10 years of experience)

Job Location:   North Reading, MA

Requirements:   Python, R, Statistical Modeling

Base Salary:   $100k-$120k DOE + Equity Package + Full Benefits

Start Date:   ASAP

We are a growing Healthcare startup looking to add our first Data Science Hire. This is a role that requires a self-starter. You will be working with large sets of data to understand it and come up with new products and ideas. Healthcare or Finance experience proffered, but not required.

 Are you a self starter that is excited to work with large data sets? Then, we cannot wait to meet you! Please apply now as interviews are on-going next week.

Unfortunately, we cannot sponsor for this role.   Top Reasons to Work with Us   1. Growing Startup!
2. First Data Science Hire!
3. Collaborative Team!     What You Need for this Position   At Least 1 Year of experience and knowledge of:

- R
- Statistical Modeling
- Python   What's In It for You   - Dental
- Vacation/PTO
- 401k
- Medical
- Vision    So, if you are a Data Scientist with experience, please apply today!  

Security Clearance will be needed - therefore, only US citizens can be considered. 

Job Summary

                             
                     
                         Location 
                             Danvers, MA 01923 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Job type 
                         Full Time, Employee 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Posted 
                         1 Days ago 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Industries 
                         Computer Software 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Education level 
                         Professional 
                     
                 
                 
                     
                         Career level 
                         Entry Level 
                     
                 
                             
                     
                         Reference code 
                         CB15-1531306100
